                                                                                             China Communications Services Corporation Limited




                      China Communications Services Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                                                                                   Stock code: 552




                                                                                    New Positioning


                      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                                   New Generation
           C007445
                                                                          Integrated Smart Service Provider
www.chinaccs.com.hk
The development of Digital Economy and Smart Society and the
vigorous expedition of New Infrastructure such as 5G by the
government will bring the Company new opportunities in

Various Levels
                                         New Infrastructure




    Data Center




                  Design story
                  The 9 red points in the center signify the Company's logo while representing the
                  3 business segments and 9 businesses of the Company. The 4-layer die cut design
                  symbolizes not only the 4-layer structure of the Company as a New Generation
                  Integrated Smart Service Provider, but also the 4 unique capabilities of the
                  Company. With China Comservice as its core, the Company establishes
                  symbiotic ecosystem by strengthening the collaboration with
                  business partners in the field to reflect the Company's new
                  strategic position and integrate itself into the value
                  philosophy of society, industry and customer
                  development through horizontal and vertical
                  development.
    Seizing    New Opportunities
           and Pinpointing New Position
    New Generation Integrated Smart Service Provider


                                                                                                               Cloud


          5G




                                                                                                   Artificial Intelligence


        Industrial Internet




For over 13 years since its listing, the Company has witnessed various new changes, evolvement of technologies and techniques in
its industry. Leveraging on the strategic mindset with foresight and efficient execution of the management of the Company, the
Company pinpoints its own position and performs continuous innovation and transformation. Thus, the Company achieves a
favourable result with its revenue sustained an increase for 13 consecutive years at various stage of industrial cycles in the past.


Facing new market opportunities, the Company will target towards value-driven transformation. Leveraging on our 4T
capabilities, namely Communications Technology, Information Technology, Data Technology and Operational Technology, we
believe that in the new era of Digital Society, we will not only benefit from new opportunities from traditional
telecommunications infrastructure, but in a larger extent, we will also see new demands in various areas from the digital
transformation of industries and Industrial Internet, which brings new opportunities of higher value.
Possess Solid Capability in

Communications
Technology (CT)
                                            Consultation
                                           Design Planning




        60 years ' experience
     More than

The largest telecommunications
infrastructure service provider in China

                     Network builder for the

                     world-class infrastructure
Network Information Security




                                                                                            Cloud Computing




   Network Construction



     In the era of 5G, leveraging on its over 60 years of experience and the leading advantages as the largest
     telecommunications infrastructure service provider in China, the Group will meet the higher level demand in the fields
     of intelligentization, network information security etc. while fully supporting operators to build new generation
     information infrastructure network.
Equipped with Strengthening Capabilities in

Information Technology (IT)
and Data Technology (DT)




                                                        Cloud




                                                  IoT
  Rank 5th     in the ‘‘100 Most Competitive
  Software & IT Service Enterprises 2019’’

  ‘‘Leading Enterprises’’
  in the voting for the Leading Enterprises for
  Information Technology Industry in 2019

More than   30 smart product solutions
                More than 20 smart product research and
                 development centers

  More than   20,000    talents for consultation and
  research and development
               Big Data




                                                                                   Smart City




                                                                        Industrial Internet


Based on its dispersed research and development system, the Company enhances the synergy of internal resources and
the collaboration with strategic partners by establishing ecosystem alliances in Smart City, Cloud Computing, IoT,
Network Information Security, etc., so as to forge integrated smart solutions. The Company continues the iterative
research and development on products so as to enhance capabilities in products and services, and seize opportunities
from smart applications in various sectors and Industrial Internet.
   Utilize Mature Capability in
                                                          Service Team
   Operational
   Technology (OT)




Backstage Expertise




  Service team covering the three levels of province, city and county
  nationwide , which is supported by frontline marketing
  and backstage professional support in various regions

                organizations,
    Break the boundaries of
    regions, markets and talents
    to realize synergies throughout the whole Group
                                Smart Operation




Synergistic Cooperation




   Utilizing its local resources that have been used to serve customers in various regions for a long time, the Company
   assists customers to conduct smart operation through smart measures so as to support the local implementation and
   operation of customers’ projects.
Integrate 4T capabilities and position
itself as “New Generation Integrated

Smart Service Provider”
Given new demands of clients for full life cycle integrated services of smart applications, we believe that by leveraging
on the Company's 4T capabilities and neutral position, we can provide clients with integrated comprehensive smart
solutions that are “cross-platform, cross-connection, cross-application, cross-region, cross-supplier” to meet their new
demands. The new strategic position as a “New Generation Integrated Smart Service Provider” will continue to lead
sustained development of the Company and further promote value-driven transformation, thus reflecting the value of
integrated smart services and propelling the Group to achieve an even more glorious results in the new era.
                                CONTENTS
                                002   Milestones

                                005   Financial Highlights

                                006   Company Profile and Corporate Information

                                008   Chairman’s Statement

                                016   President’s Statement




                                022   Business Overview

                                040   Management Discussion and Analysis of
                                       Financial Conditions and Results of Operations




                                050   Profiles of Directors, Supervisors and
                                       Senior Management

                                056   Report of the Directors

                                077   Report of the Supervisory Committee

                                078   Corporate Governance Report

                                093   Environmental, Social and Governance Report

                                119   Investor Relations




                                129   Independent Auditor’s Report

                                134   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

                                135   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                                       Other Comprehensive Income

                                136   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

                                138   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

                                140   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

                                142   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                235   Financial Summary




For further information,
please browse our website at:
www.chinaccs.com.hk
002 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



MILESTONES


2006                                                                       2009
AUGUST                                                                     MARCH
• The Company was established, with primary                                • China Telecommunications Corporation completed
  service areas including Shanghai, Zhejiang                                 the transfer of 506,880,000 and 236,300,000
  Province, Fujian Province, Hubei Province,                                 domestic shares of the Company to China Mobile
  Guangdong Province and Hainan Province.                                    Communications Corporation and China United
                                                                             Network Communications Group Company
DECEMBER                                                                     Limited, respectively.

• The Company was listed on the Main Board of The
                                                                           MAY
  Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Gross
  proceeds from the IPO was approximately HK$3.3                           • The Group acquired the equity interests in Guoxin
  billion.                                                                   Lucent Technologies Network Technologies Co.,
                                                                             Ltd. (“Guoxin Lucent”) (51%), Shanghai Tongmao
                                                                             Import & Export Co., Ltd. (95.945%) and
2007                                                                         Shenzhen Telecom Engineering Company Limited
                                                                             (40%) for a total consideration of approximately
                                                                             RMB115 million.
AUGUST
• The Company completed the acquisition of the                             NOVEMBER
  businesses of specialized telecommunications
  support services in 13 provinces (municipalities and                     • The Company and Accenture International SARL
  autonomous regions) from China Telecommunications                          established a joint venture, China Communications
  Corporation for a consideration of RMB4,630                                Service Application Solution Technology Co., Ltd.
  million.

                                                                           2010
2008
                                                                           APRIL
APRIL                                                                      • The Company acquired the remaining 49% equity
• Mr. Wang Xiaochu resigned as a Non-Executive                               interests in Guoxin Lucent for a total consideration
  Director and Chairman of the Company, and was                              of RMB41 million. After the completion of the
  re-designated as the Honorary Chairman. On the                             acquisition, Guoxin Lucent became a wholly-
  same date, Mr. Li Ping was appointed as the                                owned subsidiary of the Company.
  Chairman of the Company.

• The Company completed the placement of 327                               2011
  million new H Shares with net proceeds of
  approximately HK$1,668 million.                                          MARCH
                                                                           • The Company proposed rights issue of domestic
MAY
                                                                             shares and H shares.
• The Company completed the acquisition of the
  100% equity interests in China International                             JUNE
  Telecommunications Construction Corporation for
  a consideration of RMB505 million.                                       • The Company and Sybase, Inc. announced to
                                                                             establish a joint venture.
                                                         China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   003



                                                                                                         MILESTONES



2012                                                          2015
FEBRUARY                                                      JANUARY
• The Company completed the rights issue. Dealing             • Mr. Li Ping resigned as the Chairman and an
  in the H rights shares commenced on The Stock                 Executive Director of the Company. On the same
  Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 10 February                  date, Mr. Sun Kangmin was appointed as an
  2012. The rights issue raised gross proceeds of               Executive Director and the Chairman of the
  approximately RMB2,991 million (approximately                 Company.
  HK$3,677 million).
                                                              APRIL
JUNE
                                                              • The Company was awarded “5A” logistics
• The Company acquired the equity interests and                 qualification certificate by China Federation of
  assets in relation to several telecommunications              Logistic & Purchasing and became the only
  infrastructure service companies in Ningxia and               enterprise with such qualification in the domestic
  Xinjiang, etc. as well as 51% equity interests in             telecommunications industry.
  Sino-British Submarine System Co., Ltd. for a total
  consideration of approximately RMB416 million.              JULY
                                                              • The Company established a wholly-owned
2013                                                            subsidiary, China Comservice Supply Chain
                                                                Management Company Ltd.

NOVEMBER
                                                              DECEMBER
• The Company announced jointly with China
                                                              • The Company attended 2015 China-Africa Forum,
  Telecom and SAP to offer SAP’s cloud solution to
                                                                organized “China-Africa ICT Partnership Forum” in
  the enterprises in China. Such service is offered by
                                                                South Africa and facilitated the signing of the
  the joint venture of the Company with SAP.
                                                                Memorandum of Understanding on the Joint
                                                                Partnership and Cooperation on the Acceleration
DECEMBER                                                        of Development of Infrastructure for Information
• Mr. Si Furong was appointed as the President of               and Communications Technologies in East Africa
  the Company and appointed as an Executive                     among the Ministry of Industry and Information
  Director of the Company on 21 February 2014.                  Technology of PRC, the International
                                                                Telecommunication Union and the Ministry of
                                                                Communications of five East African countries.


2014
JULY
• China Communications Facilities Services
  Corporation Limited (now renamed as China
  Tower Corporation Limited) indicated to the
  Company the relevant arrangements of preferential
  treatment and non-competition.
004 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



MILESTONES



2016                                                                          NOVEMBER TO DECEMBER
                                                                              • The Company organized roadshows in Hong Kong
JANUARY                                                                         and Singapore to illustrate the Company’s
                                                                                operation development and the achievements of
• The Company established a wholly-owned                                        innovation and transformation.
  subsidiary, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region
  Communications Services Company Limited.                                    2018
MAY
                                                                              MARCH
• The Company organized the signing ceremony of
                                                                              • Mr. Sun Kangmin resigned as the Chairman and
  China-Ethiopia Partnership Program in Eastern
                                                                                an Executive Director of the Company. On the
  Africa Information Superhighway, and facilitated
                                                                                same date, Mr. Zhang Zhiyong was appointed as
  the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding
                                                                                an Executive Director and the Chairman of the
  on the Joint Partnership and Cooperation on the
                                                                                Company.
  Acceleration of Development of Information
  Superhighway in East Africa between the Ministry                            MAY
  of Industry and Information Technology of PRC
  and the Ministry of Communications and                                      • The Company released the Smart Society Product
  Information Technology of Ethiopia.                                           Portfolio at China International Big Data Industry
                                                                                Expo and established “Smart Service Industrial
JULY                                                                            Ecosystem Alliance” with business partners.

• The Company created a unified brand of “中通福”                                AUGUST
  (ZhongTongFu) for its distributions chain stores,
                                                                              • The Company has been included in the list of State-
  building the nationwide chain brand which mainly
                                                                                owned Enterprise Reform “Double-hundred
  focuses on intelligent terminal sales.
                                                                                Action” by the State-owned Assets Supervision and
                                                                                Administration Commission of the State Council.
SEPTEMBER
• The Company comprehensively adjusted the                                    2019
  operational and management system for its
  overseas business, refined the organizational                               MAY
  structure of China Communications Services
  International Limited.                                                      • The Company released the new position of “New
                                                                                Generation Integrated Smart Service Provider”
DECEMBER                                                                        during the China International Big Data Industry
                                                                                Expo.
• The Company organized a reverse roadshow in
  Jiangsu and Zhejiang Province which presented the                           AUGUST
  Company’s innovative development business on
                                                                              • The Company established the Strategy Committee
  site.
                                                                                which reviewed the high-quality development plan
                                                                                for a hundred-billion enterprise.
2017
                                                                              DECEMBER
MAY                                                                           • The Company’s domestic non-telecom operator
                                                                                customers became the largest customer group1 for
• The Company established a wholly-owned
                                                                                the first time.
  subsidiary, Comservice Capital Holding Company
  Limited.


1
      Customers here are classified into four categories, including the domestic non-telecom operator customers, China Telecom, other domestic telecom
      operator customers and overseas customers.
                                                                               China Communications Services Corporation Limited    Annual Report 2019   005



                                                                                       FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


                                                                                                 2019                    2018                      Change

    Revenues (RMB million)                                                                   117,413                 106,177                       10.6%
    Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
      (RMB million)                                                                              3,049                  2,901                       5.1%
                     1
    Free cash flow (RMB million)                                                                 4,243                  3,613                      17.4%
    Basic earnings per share (RMB)                                                               0.440                  0.419                       5.1%
    Total dividend per share (RMB)                                                             0.1585                  0.1508                       5.1%
    of which: Final dividend per share (RMB)                                                   0.1321                  0.1257                            –
                Special dividend per share (RMB)                                               0.0264                  0.0251                            –




REVENUES                                                                           FREE CASH FLOW
(RMB million)                                                                      (RMB million)



2019                                                            117,413            2019                                                   4,243


2018                                                        106,177                2018                                               3,613


2017                                                   94,572                      2017                                                             6,118


2016                                                88,449                         2016                                                    4,361



                                                                                   PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY
BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE                                                           SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY
(RMB)                                                                              (RMB million)


2019                                        0.440                                  2019                                             3,049


2018                                      0.419                                    2018                                            2,901



2017                                                                               2017                                           2,714
                                       0.392


2016                                0.366                                          2016                                       2,536




1
        Free cash flow = Profit for the year + Depreciation and amortisation – Changes in working capital – Capital expenditure
006 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



COMPANY PROFILE AND CORPORATE INFORMATION




China Communications Services Corporation Limited (the “Company”) is a leading service provider in the informatization
sector in the PRC that positions itself as a “New Generation Integrated Smart Service Provider” and commits to “making our
society smarter, making our life better, and making our employees happier”. The Group provides integrated comprehensive
smart solutions for the informatization and digitalization sectors, including telecommunications infrastructure services,
business process outsourcing services as well as applications, content and other services. Our shareholders include China
Telecommunications Corporation, China Mobile Communications Group Co., Ltd., China United Network Communications
Group Company Limited and China National Postal and Telecommunications Appliances Co., Ltd. Meanwhile, all the three
telecommunications operators in the PRC and China Tower Corporation Limited are our customers. Domestic non-telecom
operator represented by the customers from government, transportation, electricity, park, Internet & IT, is currently the
largest customer group of the Company. At the same time, the Company provides services to overseas customers. Our service
coverage is spread across the nation and we have also extended our business to dozens of countries and regions globally.

On 8 December 2006, the H shares issued by the Company were successfully listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong Limited. As at 31 December 2019, the total issued share capital of the Company was 6,926,018,400, of which
2,391,420,240 were H shares.

Over the ten years since its listing, the Company has received many awards in the capital market. In 2019, the Group won
various awards, including: in the “15th Asian ESG Awards” held by Corporate Governance Asia, an authoritative journal on
corporate governance in Asia, Mr. Zhang Zhiyong, the Chairman of the Company was honored with the “Asian Corporate
Director” award while the Company was awarded “The Best of Asia — Icon on Corporate Governance” ; in the “9th Asian
Excellence Recognition Awards”, Mr. Si Furong, an Executive Director and the President of the Company, won the “Best
CEO” award while the Company was also honored with “Best Investor Relations” award. In “The Asset ESG Corporate
Awards 2019” held by The Asset, an authoritative financial magazine, Mr. Si Furong was honored with the accolade of the
“Best CEO” award while the Company was also honored with the “Gold Award — Corporate Governance, Social
Responsibility and Investor Relations”. In the 2019 “Golden Hong Kong Equities Awards”, the Group was awarded the “Best
TMT Company” and the “Most Socially Responsible Listed Company”. In 2019, the Group ranked 86th in the “2019
FORTUNE China 500” published by FORTUNE China and ranked 1,502nd in the “2019 Forbes Global 2000 — World’s Largest
Public Companies” by Forbes. Mr. Si Furong also entered the 2019 Forbes China “Best Multinational CEO List”.

The Company’s industry influence remarkably improved in recent years. The Company ranked 5th in “100 Most Competitive
Software & IT Service Enterprises 2019” organized by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the PRC and
coordinated by China Information Technology Industry Federation, up by one place compared to last year’s ranking. The
Company was awarded the title of “Leading Enterprises” in the voting for the Leading Enterprises of Information Technology
Industry in 2019 by China Information Technology Industry Federation. In 2019, the Group was awarded the “Excellent
Enterprise” for the “Belt and Road” 2019 Information Technology Industry by China Information Technology Industry
Federation. The 4G Project in Nepal, the National Broadband Project in Saudi Arabia and the Optical Cable Backbone Network
Project in Tanzania were awarded the Top 100 Outstanding “Belt and Road” Cases for the 2019 Information Technology
Industry.
                                                      China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   007



                      COMPANY PROFILE AND CORPORATE INFORMATION



HONORARY CHAIRMAN                     Right of First Refusal and                      BUSINESS ADDRESS
Mr. Wang Xiaochu                        Priority Right Committee                      No. 19 Chaoyangmen Beidajie
                                      Mr. Liu Linfei (Committee Chairman)             Dongcheng District
                                      Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Francis                      Beijing, PRC 100010
BOARD OF DIRECTORS                    Mr. Wu Taishi
Executive directors
Mr. Zhang Zhiyong (Chairman)
                                                                                      H SHARE REGISTRAR
Mr. Si Furong
                                      SUPERVISORY                                     Computershare Hong Kong
Ms. Zhang Xu
                                        COMMITTEE                                       Investor Services Limited
                                      Ms. Han Fang                                    Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor
Independent                            (Committee Chairperson)                        Hopewell Centre
  non-executive directors             Mr. Hai Liancheng                               183 Queen’s Road East
                                       (Independent Supervisor)                       Wanchai
Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Francis
                                      Mr. Si Jianfei                                  Hong Kong
Mr. Lv Tingjie
                                       (Employee Representative
Mr. Wu Taishi
                                       Supervisor)
Mr. Liu Linfei                                                                        LISTING PLACE
                                                                                      The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
BOARD COMMITTEES                      LEGAL NAME                                        Limited
                                        (IN CHINESE)
Strategy Committee
                                      中國通信服務股份有限公司
Mr. Zhang Zhiyong                                                                     STOCK CODE
 (Committee Chairman)                                                                 00552
Mr. Si Furong                         LEGAL NAME
Mr. Lv Tingjie                          (IN ENGLISH)
                                                                                      CONTACT
                                      China Communications Services
                                                                                        INFORMATION
Audit Committee                         Corporation Limited
                                                                                      Investor Relations
Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Francis
                                                                                        Department
 (Committee Chairman)                 LEGAL REPRESENTATIVE
Mr. Lv Tingjie                                                                        Telephone: (852) 3699 0000
                                      Mr. Si Furong                                   Facsimile: (852) 3699 0120
Mr. Liu Linfei
                                                                                      Address:   Room 1101–1102
Remuneration Committee                COMPANY SECRETARY                                          11/F, Great Eagle Centre
                                      Mr. Chung Wai Cheung, Terence                              23 Harbour Road
Mr. Wu Taishi (Committee Chairman)
                                                                                                 Wanchai
Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Francis
                                                                                                 Hong Kong
Mr. Lv Tingjie                        INTERNATIONAL                                   Email:     ir@chinaccs.com.hk
                                        AUDITORS
Nomination Committee                                                                  Office of Board of
                                      Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Mr. Lv Tingjie (Committee Chairman)                                                     Directors
Mr. Wu Taishi
Mr. Liu Linfei                        LEGAL ADVISORS                                  Telephone: (8610) 5850 2290
                                                                                      Facsimile: (8610) 5850 1534
                                      Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer King
Non-Competition                       & Wood Mallesons
 Undertaking Review                                                                   WEBSITE
 Committee                            REGISTERED OFFICE                               www.chinaccs.com.hk
Mr. Lv Tingjie (Committee Chairman)   Level 5 and B
Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Francis            No. 2 Fuxingmen South Avenue
Mr. Liu Linfei                        Xicheng District
                                      Beijing, PRC 100032
008 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



          In 2019, the Group adhered to the overall roadmap of “value-
          driven, seeking steady yet progressive growth and high-
          quality development” and pinpointed its new position as
          “New Generation Integrated Smart Service Provider”. By firmly
          capturing the changes in the market and vigorously penetrating
          into industrial ecosystems, the Group achieved favourable
          results and made a solid progression towards intelligent and
          digital transformation.




                                                                           Zhang Zhiyong
                                                                           Chairman
                                                                           China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   009



                                                                                              CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear Shareholders,

In 2019, against the backdrop where overall macro-economy faced downward pressure and domestic telecommunications
industry witnessed slowdown in growth, the Group, with concerted efforts and strong determination, pinpointed the new
position of “New Generation Integrated Smart Service Provider”, adhered to the overall roadmap of “value-driven, seeking
steady yet progressive growth and high-quality development”, focused on opportunities including “Cyberpower”, “Digital
China”, “Smart Society” and “Network Information Security” and vigorously penetrated into industrial ecosystems, thus
achieving favourable development. During the year, the Group’s total revenues, profit and free cash flow1 achieved steady
growth, overall efficiency remained robust, and customer and business structures were further optimized, which all enabled
the Group’s solid progression towards intelligent and digital transformation.



OPERATING PERFORMANCE
In 2019, businesses related to digital services in domestic non-telecom operator (the “domestic non-operator”) market served
as the main growth driver of the Company. Meanwhile, OPEX2 and intelligentization businesses in the domestic
telecommunications operator market also provided sound support for the growth of the Group. Total revenues for the year
amounted to RMB117,413 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.6%; profit attributable to equity shareholders
of the Company was RMB3,049 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.1%. Free cash flow remained healthy and
amounted to RMB4,243 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 17.4%. The favourable results of operations and free
cash flow provided strong support for the Group’s development, and laid a solid foundation for the Group’s enterprise
transformation and responses to changes in industry development.



DIVIDEND
The Board has proposed to distribute a final dividend of RMB0.1321 per share for the financial year ended 31 December
2019, representing a dividend payout ratio of 30%. Moreover, in view of the Group’s favourable operating results and free
cash flow level for the year, the Board has proposed to distribute a special dividend of RMB0.0264 per share for 2019. Taking
into consideration of the above factors, the Company’s total dividend for 2019 is RMB0.1585 per share, representing a total
dividend payout ratio of 36%.



MARKET DEVELOPMENT
In 2019, the Group adhered to the three main development tracks of the domestic non-operator market, the domestic
telecommunications operator market and the overseas market, focused on the digitalization and intelligentization demands
in society and industries, forged its integrated smart service capabilities and accelerated market development and deployment.
As a result, we achieved satisfactory results with business and revenue structures continuously optimized and development
quality noticeably enhanced.




1
     Free cash flow = Profit for the year + Depreciation and amortisation – Changes in working capital – Capital expenditure
2
     OPEX refers to the operating expenditure of domestic telecommunications operators.
010 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


In 2019, with the Group’s long-term investment and devotion to the field of smart service, the domestic non-operator market
sustained a rapid and healthy development trend in recent years, and customers in the market became the largest customer
group3 for the first time. The development quality of the domestic non-operator market was enhanced, which became
increasingly significant to the profit growth of the Group. During the year, the revenue from such market increased by 25.2%
year-on-year which mirrored the growth rate for the same period of last year4. The revenue from such market accounted for
35.5% of the total revenues, representing an increase of 4.1 percentage points compared with the same period of last year,
of which, revenue from the Core Businesses5 in the domestic non-operator market increased by 29.8% year-on-year,
accounting for 92.4% of the revenue from such market, with development quality of the market further enhanced. In 2019,
the amount of newly signed contracts in the domestic non-operator market increased by over 26% year-on-year, indicating a
strong development momentum in the future.

In 2019, the Group firmly adhered to the “Dual Growth Drivers+” (i.e. CAPEX6 and OPEX + Smart Applications) development
strategy in the domestic telecommunications operator market. The revenue from such market increased by 3.9% year-on-
year, and such growth echoed the growth of the annual CAPEX7 of such customer group. Revenue from such market
accounted for 61.7% of total revenues, and represented a decrease of 4.0 percentage points compared to the same period
of last year. The Group proactively integrated into the domestic telecommunications operator customers’ ecosystems to
provide customers with high-quality services in the fields of 5G, Internet of Things (“IoT”), network security, cloud-network
integration and other aspects, thus facilitating their transformation and upgrade. The demand for industrial digitalization and
intelligentization from domestic telecommunications operators became a new growth driver from such customer group
following the OPEX business. During the year, aggregate incremental revenue from business process outsourcing services and
ACO Major businesses8 of the domestic telecommunications operator market accounted for 69.9% of the incremental
revenue of such market.

In 2019, the Group’s revenue from the overseas market increased by 3.6% year-on-year, accounting for 2.8% of the total
revenues. We focused on the opportunities from the “Belt and Road”, and made important breakthroughs in relevant major
projects in Nepal, Mali, Congo-Brazzaville, Saudi Arabia and other countries, with some projects gradually entering the stage
of implementation and delivery since the second half of the year, which have served as an essential support for subsequent
development of overseas business. Meanwhile, the Group continued to strengthen overseas operation and management by
adopting financial, legal and many other measures to prevent relevant risks overseas.



BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
In 2019, the Group continued to strengthen its telecommunications infrastructure (“TIS”) services business. Despite the fact
that 5G construction by domestic telecommunications operators has yet to come into scale, the Group captured the demand
for digital infrastructure from the domestic non-operator market against the backdrop of rapid development of Digital
Economy, and took advantage of its integrated smart service capabilities to expedite the deployment in key regions and key
industries. Through capabilities enabling and driven by smart businesses, we continued to make breakthroughs in large-scale
turnkey projects and achieved favourable development in TIS business, which recorded a year-on-year increase of 12.8% in
revenue for the year.

3
      Customers here are classified into four categories, including the domestic non-operator customers, China Telecom, other domestic telecom operator
      customers and overseas customers.
4
      In 2018, the revenue from the domestic non-operator market reported a year-on-year growth rate of 25.0%.
5
      Core Businesses include telecommunications infrastructure services, business process outsourcing services (excluding products distribution), as well as
      applications, content and other services.
6
      CAPEX refers to the capital expenditure of domestic telecommunications operators.
7
      In 2019, total capital expenditure from the three domestic telecommunications operators and China Tower increased by 4.3% year-on-year (source:
      disclosure by the three listed domestic telecommunications operators and China Tower).
8
      ACO Major businesses include system integration, software development & system support and value-added services.
                                                                       China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   011



                                                                                         CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


In 2019, the Group continued to expand its business process outsourcing (“BPO”) services. We strengthened synergistic
operation, promoted pilot operation of platform-oriented network maintenance and established a network-wide supply chain
collaboration system. We also unified the IT systems, brands and standards of general facilities management service, in order
to boost business development through enhancement of capabilities. During the year, revenue from the Core BPO services9
increased by 6.9% year-on-year.

In 2019, the Group focused on the demands for industrial smart applications and digital services to constantly enrich smart
products and industry solutions, so as to support the digital transformation of its customers. During the year, revenue from
the applications, content and other (“ACO”) services increased by 17.3% year-on-year, accounting for 13.7% of total
revenues, of which the incremental revenue from ACO Major Businesses accounted for 19.5% of the overall incremental
revenues. Since 2015, the compound annual growth rates of the revenue of ACO Major Businesses from the domestic
telecommunications operator market and the domestic non-operator market reached 14.4% and 23.5%, respectively.

The Group continued to contain its products distribution business of low gross profit. Revenue from such business decreased
by 11.5% year-on-year, accounting for 3.7% of the total revenues, representing a year-on-year decrease of 0.9 percentage
point. Through the Group’s persistent, effective management and control of the products distribution business, the
proportion of revenue from such business to our total revenues decreased from 19.4% in 2014 to 3.7% in 2019,
representing a decrease of approximately RMB10 billion, which demonstrated the Group’s determination to accelerate
enterprise transformation and to accumulate strength for further development.



INNOVATION AND TRANSFORMATION
In 2019, the Group deepened innovation and transformation continuously to ride on the new trend in Digital Economy era.

Construction of foundation platforms. The Group continued to promote the construction of “CCSYUN” (our cloud service)
and “CCS Open IoT Platform” to drive transformation. Besides, the Group improved network and information security
capabilities by the establishment of platforms including cloud security, cloud-based monitoring and content automated
testing to satisfy market demand. Furthermore, the Group launched pilot maintenance platform to plan ahead for the new
maintenance areas of the 5G and IoT era.

Enhancement of research and development capabilities. By focusing on social and industrial intelligentization demands, the
Group increased investment in research and development by way of setting up a dispersed research and development system
as well as capitalizing on its ecosystem alliances and research institutions. The Group converged capabilities based on its
foundation platforms to accelerate the research and development and the iteration of its products, so as to respond to
market demand in a rapid manner and support development through capabilities enabling.

Optimization of ecosystem. On one hand, the Group continuously established the middle platforms for capabilities
accumulation and capabilities enabling to optimize internal ecosystem and enrich industrial ecosystem, thus bringing in new
partners from government, industries and research and development institutions. On the other hand, the Group emphasized
the construction of talent ecosystem by ceaselessly enhancing various expert teams and Comservice Craftsmanship systems,
with the view to accumulating adequate reserves of diverse talents.




9
     Core BPO services include management of infrastructure for information technology (network maintenance), general facilities management (property
     management) and supply chain services.
012 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Group has maintained its corporate governance at a high level, with its compliance management, transparency and
completeness of information disclosure and safeguard of the interests and rights of the shareholders being widely recognized
by the capital market.

The Group leaped to a hundred-billion enterprise in 2018, and in order to promote the Group’s high-quality development at
the new hundred-billion stage, the board of directors of the Company newly established the Strategy Committee in 2019
which reviewed the high-quality development plan for a hundred-billion enterprise, enabling the Group to enhance strategic
analysis, promote the implementation of its strategies, and better steer the development direction to embrace the 5G-driven
digital era.

Widely recognized for its constantly honest, prudent approach and satisfactory operating performance, the Group was well
awarded in 2019. The Group ranked 86th in the “2019 FORTUNE China 500” published by FORTUNE China, and was listed
among the “2019 Forbes Global 2000 — World’s Largest Public Companies” by Forbes. In the voting for “The Asset ESG
Corporate Awards 2019” held by the magazine The Asset, the Group was awarded “Gold Award — Corporate Governance,
Social Responsibility and Investor Relations”. The Group was also granted “The Best of Asia — Icon on Corporate
Governance” in the 2019 “15th Asian ESG Awards” held by Corporate Governance Asia. In addition, the Group won the “Best
TMT Company” and the “Most Socially Responsible Listed Company” awards in the voting of the 2019 “Golden Hong Kong
Equities Awards”. In 2019, I was again awarded the “Asian Corporate Director” in the 2019 “15th Asian ESG Awards” held
by Corporate Governance Asia. Mr. Si Furong, the President, entered the 2019 Forbes China “Best Multinational CEO List”
and won the “Best CEO” in the awards by The Asset and Corporate Governance Asia, respectively.



SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
As a responsible listed company, the Group has always emphasized on the fulfilment of social responsibilities. In the
prevention and control of the novel coronavirus (the “COVID-19”) epidemic, the Group courageously assumed its
responsibility and proactively hastened to the frontline of the fight against the epidemic to provide communications support
for local governments, designated hospitals, module hospitals and other enterprises combating at the frontline. In just three
days, the Group rapidly completed the 4G/5G wireless network planning and construction for Huoshenshan Hospital and
Leishenshan Hospital in Wuhan. Also, the Group provided various medical institutions, including Beijing Xiaotangshan
Hospital, West China Hospital of Sichuan University, Xixi Hospital of Hangzhou and the temporary treatment base for
COVID-19 patients in Jingzhou, with emergency communication construction and support, to ensure smooth communication
at the frontline of the fight against the outbreak.
                                                             China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   013



                                                                              CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Meanwhile, more than 40 smart applications for epidemic prevention were swiftly developed and promoted by the Group
based on Cloud, IoT, Big Data and other foundation platforms in response to the anti-epidemic demands from governments,
communities, enterprises and relevant industries. Such applications were utilized in Sichuan, Chongqing, Anhui, Xinjiang,
Gansu, Shanghai, Zhejiang etc. Among them, the “Health Declaration and Enquiry System for Migrant Workers of Sichuan
Province” gained press coverage of and received recognition from the China Central Television of China Media Group.
Confronted with the outbreak, the Group regarded crisis as opportunity and carried out practices on our own businesses and
transformation capabilities. The valuable experience accumulated from the outbreak will enable the Group to be well
positioned for future vast opportunities arising from the 5G era.

In smart services and communication support for key events, the Group provided integrated smart services for Beijing
International Horticultural Exhibition as the general contractor for the “Smart Expo”, and provided “Smart Game” integrated
solutions for the 7th CISM Military World Games in 2019 as the general contractor for informatization construction. Acting
as the essential support team, the Group also rendered informatization solutions and telecommunication support services to
events such as Boao Forum for Asia and China International Import Expo and received recognition from government and
relevant partners.

In poverty alleviation, the Group proactively devoted RMB14.79 million to carry out poverty alleviation missions in respect of
employment, training, industry and public welfare.

In caring for employees, the Group contributed RMB24.13 million to improve the production and office environments of our
frontline employees and resolved requests from them during the year. In addition, the Group contributed RMB5.82 million to
the relief fund for supporting employees in need, which showed care for our employees in a practical manner.



FUTURE OUTLOOK
In 2019, the Group adhered to the overall roadmap of “value-driven, seeking steady yet progressive growth and high-quality
development” and pinpointed its new position as “New Generation Integrated Smart Service Provider”. By firmly capturing
the changes in the market and adhering to the main development tracks, the Group achieved favourable results and made a
solid step towards high-quality development.
014 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Currently, the domestic and global economic environments are experiencing profound adjustment, and the COVID-19
epidemic has increased the downward pressure on the domestic and international economies, and put considerable pressure
to the Group’s operation and development during such period. At the same time, the COVID-19 epidemic has brought
changes to the pattern of production, daily life and demand in the society, accelerating the digitalization progress of the
society and industries, which has also brought the Group with rare opportunities. From the macro perspective, there is no
change to the basic trend that the economy of China is still heading for long-term prosperity; there is no change to the
development advantages accumulated since reform and opening up, including the technological base, the size of the market,
and the domestic demand potential; there is no change to the regional economic development strategy and the trend of
advancement of the “Belt and Road”. From the perspective of industrial development and technological progress, the further
advancement of “Cyberpower”, “Network Information Security” and commercial use of 5G, as well as the deep integration
of emerging technologies such as 5G, IoT, Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain with the real economy, will create booming
demand for digitalization from society and industries. During the epidemic, cutting-edge technologies such as 5G have played
an important role and fostered great market demand. “New Infrastructure” including data center and Industrial Internet,
which is led by 5G infrastructure, will also be the critical foundation for digital transformation of the society and the
construction of modern smart city. It will not only generate important driving force for future economic development, but
also bring the Group with great potential for growth. In particular, the 5G infrastructure will give rise to application
investment in the upstream and downstream of the industry value chain and various industries, which would facilitate the
continuous emergence of new demand, new business forms and new applications, creating further growth potential in the
domestic telecommunications operator market and the domestic non-operator market.

In the future, the Group will adhere to the overall roadmap and focus on the main development tracks based on its
positioning of “New Generation Integrated Smart Service Provider” to fit into the overall development of China, the society
and industries, with a view to further promoting value transformation and forming new development advantages.

In the domestic non-operator market, by focusing on opportunities arising from New Infrastructure such as 5G and riding on
the accelerating trends of modern smart city upgrade, digital governance and industrial digitalization as the epidemic broke
out, the Group will take various measures to continuously expand its business scale in such market and optimize its integrated
smart service capabilities, including: speeding up its deployment in key regions such as Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei, Yangtze River
Delta, Yangtze River Economic Belt, Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, intensifying its development in key
sectors such as government, electricity and transportation as well as making breakthroughs in key fields such as Industrial
Internet, emergency management and network information security.

In the domestic telecommunications operator market, the Group will uphold the “Dual Growth Drivers+” development
strategy and take advantage of its advanced deployment in aspects including the 5G construction as well as the research and
development for applications. We will also integrate into customers’ ecosystem in light of the changing industrial
development. Furthermore, the Group will further develop the 5G network construction and the OPEX business, while
capturing the demand for smart applications and assisting customers in transformation. By taking all these efforts, the Group
will secure the fundamentals of our operation while making new breakthroughs in development.
                                                                        China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   015



                                                                                          CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


In overseas market, by grasping the opportunities arising from the advancement of “Belt and Road” and leveraging on its
“EPC+F+I+O+S”10 model, the Group will focus on the overseas demand for network infrastructure and digital services with
the promotion of its smart products and services, thus realizing steady growth of overseas revenue. Meanwhile, the Group
will strengthen collaboration with domestic telecommunications operators, “Go Abroad” Chinese enterprises, and local
partners to expand overseas market and explore new development potential.

At the same time, we will allocate more resources to research and development in respect of 5G, Big Data and IoT, as well as
improving our dispersed research and development based on our foundation platforms, with a view to enhancing the quality
and quantity of smart products and facilitating capabilities enabling for social and industrial development. The Group will
enhance its corporate governance by pushing forward the State-owned Enterprise Reform “Double-hundred Action”, develop
flexible mechanism that is adaptive to the changing market, talent team, innovative mechanism and symbiotic ecosystem,
with a view to promoting value transformation and becoming an integrated smart service provider with cutting-edge
technologies and supreme intelligence.

Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, customers and all sectors of
society for their long-term attention and support, and deeply thank all our employees for their continued dedication and hard
work. I would also like to express my sincere gratitude to Mr. Li Zhengmao and Mr. Shao Guanglu, who resigned as non-
executive directors of the Company in March 2020, for their outstanding contributions to the development of the Group
during their tenure.




Zhang Zhiyong
Chairman

Beijing, PRC
31 March 2020




10
     EPC+F+I+O+S: EPC (Engineering, Procurement, Construction) + Finance + Investment + Operation + Solution.
016 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



PRESIDENT’S STATEMENT




          In 2019, by adhering to the main development tracks, the
          Group focused on the businesses related to digital services in
          the domestic non-operator market, the OPEX business and the
          industry-oriented smart application businesses in the domestic
          telecommunications operator market, continued to transform
          and upgrade and promoted high-quality development, thus
          achieving solid operating results.




                                                                           Si Furong
                                                                           President
                                                                            China Communications Services Corporation Limited      Annual Report 2019   017



                                                                                                PRESIDENT’S STATEMENT


Dear Shareholders,

I am very pleased to present the operating results of the Group in 2019.



FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
In 2019, by adhering to the overall roadmap of “value-driven, seeking steady yet progressive growth and high-quality
development” and focusing on the main development tracks, the Group made good progress on its transformation and
upgrade. Driven by the businesses related to digital services in the domestic non-operator market, the OPEX business and the
industry-oriented smart application businesses in the domestic telecommunications operator market, the Group effectively
coped with the adverse impact caused by the tempered growth of domestic telecommunications operators and downward
pressure in the industry value chain. The Group reinforced its operation fundamentals, ensured steady development, and
achieved solid operating results. In 2019, the Group’s total revenues amounted to RMB117,413 million, representing a year-
on-year increase of 10.6%. The Group’s gross profit amounted to RMB13,687 million, representing a year-on-year increase
of 6.2%, and gross profit margin was 11.7%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 0.4 percentage point, indicating a
moderate decline11. While increasing the investment in research and development, the Group strengthened its synergistic
management and used IT measures to improve management efficiency, and as a result, selling, general and administrative
expenses amounted to RMB11,494 million, accounting for 9.8% of total revenues and representing a year-on-year decrease
of 0.2 percentage point. Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company amounted to RMB3,049 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of 5.1%, with a net profit margin of 2.6%. Basic earnings per share amounted to
RMB0.440. Free cash flow was RMB4,243 million, with the cash conversion ratio12 remaining at a healthy and relatively high
level.



BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
In 2019, by focusing on digitalization and intelligentization businesses, the Group increased resources input to extend its
integrated smart service capabilities centered on integrated solutions. New development features of the Group emerged with
its consultation and planning businesses led the way and drove the development of software services and smart products, as
well as the robust growth of digital infrastructure construction business. Meanwhile, the Group vigorously expanded the
OPEX business of domestic telecommunications operators and paid close attention to the new business demand arising from
the transformation of such customers, thus strengthening its customers’ loyalty continuously to ensure the Group’s stable
fundamentals. Following the business transformation and upgrade of the Group in recent years, its revenue sources became
more diversified and its business structure became healthier.




11
     In 2018, gross profit margin of the Group was 12.1%, decreased by 0.8 percentage point year-on-year.
12
     Cash conversion ratio = net cash generated from operating activities / profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company.
018 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



PRESIDENT’S STATEMENT


In 2019, the Group’s TIS services recorded a revenue of RMB64,689 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 12.8%
and accounting for 55.1% of the total revenues. Capturing the domestic construction opportunities from Digital Economy
and Smart Society, the Group has penetrated into the domestic non-operator market by adopting the “Consultant + Staff +
Housekeeper” service model13 and provided digital infrastructure construction related services to its customers. During the
year, such revenue from the domestic non-operator market was RMB20,910 million, representing a rapid year-on-year
increase of 42.8%, and was the largest revenue growth driver of TIS services. During the year, the Group built up its strength
in 5G technologies and capabilities while proactively satisfying 5G network construction demand of the domestic
telecommunications operators. However, as the investment of the domestic telecommunications operators in 5G network has
yet to come into scale, the TIS revenue from the domestic telecommunications operator market experienced a stable year-on-
year growth of 2.1%, amounting to RMB41,153 million.

Revenue from the BPO services amounted to RMB36,637 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.4% and
accounting for 31.2% of the total revenues. Adhering to the value-driven principle, the Group continued to contain its
products distribution business with low gross profit, as a result, revenue from products distribution business for the year
reported a year-on-year decrease of 11.5%. Excluding the products distribution business, the Core BPO services progressed
well with a year-on-year revenue increase of 6.9%. The Group continued to penetrate into the OPEX business of the domestic
telecommunications operators and facilitated the quality improvement of their networks. Revenue from the network
maintenance business for the year reported a year-on-year increase of 7.0%. In 2019, the Group continued to establish
comprehensive and integrated capabilities for the property management. Leveraging on the “Hui Yun” (慧雲) platform, we
enhanced synergistic operation and promoted intelligent transformation. Our property management business extended to
fields such as high speed rail, airport and achieved favourable development results. Revenue from the general facilities
management (property management) business reported a year-on-year increase of 16.9% and maintained a growth rate of
over 15% for two consecutive years14. The Group established the supply chain digitalized procurement platform, which
enhanced the unified storage capabilities and network-wide operation capabilities. However, revenue growth of the supply
chain business slowed down and reported a year-on-year increase of 1.7%, mainly because of the subdued growth in
marketing agent and after-sale businesses attributable to the marketing strategy adjustment of the domestic
telecommunications operators.

Revenue from the ACO services amounted to RMB16,087 million, representing a rapid year-on-year increase of 17.3%,
making it the fastest growing segment among the three major businesses. It accounted for 13.7% of the total revenues,
which was 0.8 percentage point higher year-on-year. Through capturing the domestic opportunities arising from the
digitalization construction by the government and industries, as well as the intelligent transformation of the domestic
telecommunications operators, we provided smart products, smart services and industrial integrated solutions to customers.
Currently, we have accelerated the promotion of over 30 smart applications among vertical industrial customers. In 2019,
revenue from the Group’s system integration, software development and system support businesses reported a year-on-year
increase of 23.5% and 14.2% respectively. Revenue from the ACO Major businesses reported a year-on-year increase of
18.6%, surpassing the growth rate of the national software business revenue15 and demonstrating a sound development
result of such businesses.




13
      “Consultant + Staff + Housekeeper” service model is a new business model adopted by the Group in recent years. “Consultant” means that the Group
      acts as the “Consultant” to help its customers through leveraging on its talents and products advantages, so as to turn customers’ needs into feasible
      solutions or projects. “Staff” means that the Group, as appointed by its customers, assists them in the capacity of “Staff” in coordinating other
      stakeholders of the project, so as to promote the smooth implementation of the project and ensure that its customers’ expectation could be achieved.
      “Housekeeper” means the Group provides full life cycle management and accompanying service of the relevant business and creates values for
      customers.
14
      In 2018, revenue from the general facilities management business reported a year-on-year increase of 15.9%.
15
      In 2019, the national software business revenue reported a year-on-year increase of 15.4% (source: the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology
      of the People’s Republic of China (“MIIT”)).
                                                               China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   019



                                                                                  PRESIDENT’S STATEMENT



MARKET EXPANSION
In 2019, the Group’s domestic non-operator market continued to maintain a fast growth and recorded a revenue of
RMB41,727 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 25.2% and accounting for 35.5% of the total revenues, 4.1
percentage points higher than last year. Of that, revenue from the Core Businesses in the domestic non-operator market
reported a year-on-year increase of 29.8%, accounting for 92.4% of the overall revenue of such market. The development
quality was further improved and the contribution to the Group’s gross profit increased noticeably. By focusing on the
intelligentization demand of the government, society and industries, in recent years, the Group has been constructing an
industrial ecosystem and penetrating into key industries including electricity, transportation, airport and sport game, as well
as increasing investment in research and development to accelerate the development and iteration of smart products. Driven
by the development of smart products, the Group’s has made remarkable achievements in the development of large-scale
projects, including the “Smart Game” for the 7th CISM Military World Games which we provided comprehensive planning,
integrated game management and command platform construction services; the Shanghai Lingang Data Center project
which we provided “EPC + Operation and Maintenance” in the form of full-process BIM (Building Information Modeling)
service; the Digital Government Project for Guangdong province in the form of “Consultation + Software (Smart Government
Services) + Integration”. Meanwhile, the Group has also accelerated deployment and looked for breakthroughs in the new
fields of Industrial Internet, emergency management and network information security, and for instance, we have established
the first provincial-level hazardous chemicals monitoring platform in Anhui and the Industrial Internet Big Data Platform in
Chongqing.

Upon the issuance of 5G licenses by MIIT in June 2019, the domestic telecommunications operators further accelerated their
5G deployment, of which the construction has yet to come into scale. The Group responded proactively to market changes,
and made full use of the “Dual Growth Drivers+” (i.e. CAPEX and OPEX + Smart Applications) development strategy to
expand the domestic telecommunications operator market, which realized a revenue of RMB72,420 million, representing a
year-on-year increase of 3.9% and accounting for 61.7% of the total revenues. Of that, the revenue from China Telecom
amounted to RMB40,633 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.6% and accounting for 34.6% of the total
revenues. The Group proactively supported the network construction of the operators, and the aggregate revenue from
operators other than China Telecom reported a year-on-year increase of 11.8%, accounting for 27.1% of the total revenues.

In 2019, revenue from the Group’s overseas market was RMB3,266 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.6% and
accounting for 2.8% of the total revenues. The Group’s overseas large-scale projects achieved continuous breakthroughs,
such as the 4G network construction project in Nepal, the Digital Mali Project, the Ground and Submarine Cables Project in
Congo-Brazzaville and the Power Communication Project in Saudi Arabia. In 2019, the Group was awarded the “Excellent
Enterprise” for the “Belt and Road” 2019 Information Technology Industry by China Information Technology Industry
Federation. The 4G Project in Nepal, the National Broadband Project in Saudi Arabia and the Optical Cable Backbone Network
Project in Tanzania were awarded the Top 100 Outstanding “Belt and Road” Cases for the 2019 Information Technology
Industry, demonstrating that the business strength and brand awareness of the Group have received wide recognition in the
market.



CAPABILITIES ENHANCEMENT
The Group believes it is hardly possible that “a single product, a single ability or a single service” could meet the needs of the
society and industry in the future. In view of the new era of the Digital Economy, the Group pinpointed the new position as
“New Generation Integrated Smart Service Provider” in 2019. Focusing on the demand of customers from the business
sector, the Group accelerated innovation and transformation, kept improving capabilities and strengthening growth
momentum.
020 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



PRESIDENT’S STATEMENT


In 2019, the Group continued to increase investment in research and development and expedited the construction of
foundation platforms. The service capabilities of the Group’s “CCSYUN” (our cloud service) Platform and “CCS Open IoT
Platform” have been widely recognized. Among them, the “CCSYUN” Platform obtained Trusted Cloud Services Certification
(TRUCS) and was awarded the “2019 Innovative Cloud Service Platform” by China Software Industry Association. The “CCS
Open IoT Platform” also won “2019 GIOTC IoT Award”, “OFweek 2019 Most Popular Development Platform in China IoT
Industry”. The technology support platform in “CCS Open IoT Platform” was connected to 33 million terminals as at the end
of 2019.

The Group has continuously improved the dispersed research and development system based on foundation platforms and
propelled the products’ research and development as well as the migration of the products’ iteration to such foundation
platforms through various means, such as the organization of the contest of “Incubating Future from the Cloud”. Meanwhile,
subject to different industries and nature of the projects, the Group established various research institutions such as the CCS
Industrial Internet (Big Data) Research Institute. By establishing ecosystem alliances to converge both internal and external
research and development capabilities and resources, enhancing capabilities of its smart products, and enabling capabilities
effectively within the Group for development, the Group’s software development capabilities have been strengthened and
recognized in the industry. We ranked 5th16 in the “100 Most Competitive Software & IT Service Enterprises 2019” organized
by China Information Technology Industry Federation and was awarded the title of “Leading Enterprises” in the voting for
the Leading Enterprises for Information Technology Industry in 2019.

The Group has actively implemented the national strategy of “Invigorating China through Science and Education” by
emphasizing the introduction and training of talents and providing a sound environment for them. In 2019, the Company
pioneered in introducing the position of strategic ecology officer and engaged external expert to hold the office. The Group
continued to optimize various professional and craftsmanship systems, for example, the “Comservice Craftsmanship Cup”, a
labour skill competition, has become an industry-recognized channel for talent selection. Through various activities, including
the labour skill competitions and “Pioneer Training Camp for Non-operator Business”, the Group could identify professionals
and talents to hold key positions that would be suitable for its development and improve the capabilities of the whole team,
which plays a crucial role for the Group to achieve a smooth transformation.

Focusing on the establishment of eco-competencies and ecosystems, the Group intensified synergistic management internally
and promoted business collaboration externally to improve competitive edges. In 2019, the Group continued to improve the
construction of industrial alliances to generate synergies thereof to expand ecological cooperation. Leveraging on the capital
resources of Comservice Capital Holding Company Limited, a subsidiary of the Group, we also enriched the industrial
ecosystem.



PROSPECTS
Currently, COVID-19 epidemic has brought impact and effect to the Group’s daily operation and business development
during such period. Meanwhile, the Group will capture the new demand and opportunities arising from the epidemic. By
leveraging on the Cloud, IoT and Big Data platforms, the Group will forge smart products for epidemic prevention which will
enable us to secure our own operation and support intelligent prevention for epidemic, and assist in work and production
resumption of the society. By turning the crisis into an opportunity, the Group will accelerate value transformation and
promote high-quality development.

In 2020, positioned as a “New Generation Integrated Smart Service Provider”, the Group will charge itself with the mission of
being the Builder of Digital Infrastructure, Provider of Smart Products and Platforms, Service Provider of Data Production and
Guard of Smart Operation, and adhere to the overall roadmap of “value-driven, seeking steady yet progressive growth and


16
      The top four enterprises of the 100 Most Competitive Software & IT Service Enterprises 2019 included Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd., Alibaba (China)
      Co., Ltd., Beijing Baidu Netcom Science Technology Co., Ltd. and Tencent Technology (Shenzhen) Company Limited.
                                                              China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   021



                                                                                 PRESIDENT’S STATEMENT


high-quality development” to further implement innovation and transformation with a more open-minded attitude. We will
establish a platform-based symbiotic ecosystem, provide full life cycle integrated smart services to the society, industries and
customers, with a view to creating higher values for shareholders and customers.

In the domestic non-operator market, given the strategic opportunities including “Cyberpower”, “Digital China” and “Smart
Society”, together with the development opportunities from 5G-driven New Infrastructure, the Group will continue to
increase investment in research and development, optimize ecosystems, accumulate strengths, accelerate the development of
smart products and industrial solutions, improve capabilities of “cross-platform, cross-connection, cross-application, cross-
region and cross-supplier” and fuel the digital transformation of the society and industries, thus boosting its image as a “New
Generation Integrated Smart Service Provider”. Meanwhile, with the focus on the construction of modern smart city, the
Group will continue to penetrate further into key sectors including government, electricity, and transportation. Meanwhile,
the Group will target on Industrial Internet, emergency management and network information security, with a view to
expanding into new markets and capturing new development opportunities.

In the domestic telecommunications operator market, the Group will capture the opportunities arising from 5G network
construction, co-build and co-share between operators, new ICT construction, and leverage on the “Dual Growth Drivers+”
development strategy to support customers with supreme network construction and intelligent transformation. In the
meantime, the Group will expedite the deployment of 5G-driven network construction in the vertical industries and smart
application business, and strengthen collaboration with operators for joint development and ecosystem integration so as to
maintain solid operating fundamentals.

In the overseas market, the Group will facilitate the transformation of overseas business with the “EPC+F+I+O+S” model,
focus on the expansion of large-scale projects, and facilitate the launch of smart products and services in overseas market
with reference to the demand for digitalization from overseas customers. At the same time, we will strengthen collaboration
with the domestic telecommunications operators, the “Go Abroad” Chinese enterprises and local partners to synergistically
expand overseas market and seek new development momentum and breakthroughs for the overseas businesses.

The Group will take the opportunities arising from the State-owned Enterprise Reform “Double-hundred Action” to further
promote diversity of share ownership and improve corporate governance structure. Concurrently, in accordance with the
development strategies and business deployment of the Group, we will continuously optimize the market-oriented operation
mechanism and improve incentive mechanism, while attracting, reserving and training various types of experts and
professionals. With a primary focus on “One CCS”, the Group will enhance its research and development system, promote
professional integration and synergistic operation, enhance core capabilities and resource allocation efficiency. By adhering to
the new development principle of “innovation, coordination, green, openness and sharing”, the Group is committed to
building an ecosystem characterized by joint development, joint management and symbiotic relationship, and we will
collaborate with all parties in the industry value chain to share one another’s capabilities and create value together, thus
enabling the Group to integrate into the development of the society, industry and customers and realizing a sustainable and
healthy development.

2020 is the last year of the target for a moderately prosperous society in all respects and the 13th Five-Year Plan of China. As
a “New Generation Integrated Smart Service Provider”, we will follow the new development principle and take a bold step to
promote the high-quality development and create a better future.




Si Furong
President

Beijing, PRC
31 March 2020
022 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



BUSINESS OVERVIEW


The Group is a leading service provider in the informatization sector in the PRC that positions itself as a “New Generation
Integrated Smart Service Provider” and commits to “making our society smarter, making our life better, and making our
employees happier”. The Group provides integrated comprehensive smart solutions for the informatization and digitalization
sectors, including telecommunications infrastructure services, business process outsourcing services as well as applications,
content and other services, and its customers include domestic telecommunications operator customers, domestic non-
telecom operator customers (“domestic non-operator customers”), represented by government, transportation, electricity,
park, Internet & IT, as well as overseas customers.

The Group’s business spans across China and dozens of countries and regions globally, with overseas customers mainly
located in Africa, the Middle East and Southeast Asia.



            WE PROVIDE INTEGRATED COMPREHENSIVE
           SMART SOLUTIONS FOR THE INFORMATIZATION
                  AND DIGITALIZATION SECTORS

                           Telecommunications                Business Process                   Applications, Content
                          Infrastructure Services           Outsourcing Services                 and Other Services




                                                                 Our Services


                                    Design                   Network Maintenance                  System Integration


                                                                                                Software Development
                                 Construction                Property Management                 and System Support

                              Project Supervision                                                   Value-added
                                                                 Supply Chain
                               and Management                                                         Service

                                                              Products Distribution                    Others




                                                                                  Revenue in           Revenue in
  (In RMB million, except percentages)                                                 2019                 2018        Change

  Domestic telecommunications operator customers                                       72,420               69,705       3.9%
  Of which: China Telecom                                                              40,633               41,279      –1.6%
            China Mobile, China Unicom, China Tower                                    31,787               28,426      11.8%
  Domestic non-operator customers                                                      41,727               33,317      25.2%
  Overseas customers                                                                    3,266                3,155       3.6%
  Total                                                                               117,413             106,177       10.6%
                                                                          China Communications Services Corporation Limited     Annual Report 2019   023



                                                                                                        BUSINESS OVERVIEW



MARKET EXPANSION
In 2019, the Group adhered to the overall roadmap of “value-driven, seeking steady yet progressive growth and high-quality
development” and focused on the three key missions of “Bolstering Cyberpower Strategy, Building First-class Enterprise,
Serving a Good Life”. While seeking further development of the CAPEX1 business of the domestic telecommunications
operator market, the Group transformed its growth momentum and increased its efforts in exploiting the OPEX2 business of
the domestic telecommunications operator market, thereby maintaining the stable fundamentals of its businesses. Besides,
the Group pinpointed the new position as a “New Generation Integrated Smart Service Provider” and further expanded the
scale of domestic non-operator market by accelerating its ecological deployment, making dedicated development in key
industries and elevating the brand influence of “Smart Comservice”, and also focused on the development of overseas large-
scale turnkey projects, thus realizing high-quality development.

In 2019, the Group continued to promote business structure optimization by proactively containing the products distribution
business with lower efficiency. Total revenues of the Group for the year amounted to RMB117,413 million, representing a
year-on-year growth of 10.6%, in which, revenue from the Core Businesses3 (i.e. excluded the products distribution business)
achieved a relatively fast growth and reached RMB113,091 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 11.6%.The scales
of the Group’s overall revenue and revenue from Core Businesses both continued to embark on a journey of high-quality
development on a hundred-billion basis.

In 2019, the Group continued to reinforce its market expansion and transform the growth drivers. Revenue from the Core
Businesses achieved double-digit growth and its contribution to the total revenues reached 96.3%. During the year, revenue
from domestic telecommunications operator customers (including China Tower) amounted to RMB72,420 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of 3.9%. Revenue from domestic non-operator customers amounted to RMB41,727
million, representing a year-on-year increase of 25.2%, in which the Core Businesses revenue increased by 29.8%. Revenue
from overseas customers amounted to RMB3,266 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.6%.

The following charts show the revenue contribution from each customer group:




                                                                                           2.9%
                      2.8%                                                                                                    38.9%
                                                           34.6%


                                     2 019                                                                2018
              35.5%                                                                31.4%

                                                          27.1%                                                                  26.8%




           China Telecom           China Mobile, China Unicom, China Tower         Domestic non-operator customers            Overseas customers




1
     CAPEX refers to the capital expenditure of domestic telecommunications operators.
2
     OPEX refers to the operating expenditure of domestic telecommunications operators.
3
     Core Businesses include telecommunications infrastructure services, business process outsourcing services (excluding products distribution), as well as
     applications, content and other services.
024 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



BUSINESS OVERVIEW



DOMESTIC TELECOMMUNICATIONS OPERATOR MARKET
In 2019, the Group persisted in the “Dual Growth Drivers+” (i.e. CAPEX and OPEX + Smart Applications) development
strategy in the domestic telecommunications operator market by focusing on the network construction business while
stepping up its efforts in the operation and maintenance support businesses.

In 2019, with the issuance of 5G licenses by Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and requirement to accelerate
construction of new infrastructure by the government, domestic telecommunications operators expedited their 5G
deployment. The Group seized the opportunities of 5G construction by domestic telecommunications operators through
enhancing its project management and service quality continuously, and commencing its research on the key technologies
such as 5G and Internet of Things. Despite the fact that 5G network investment from operators has yet to come into scale,
the Group penetrated into traditional infrastructure business and captured opportunities from the 5G co-build and co-share
among operators, thus maintaining a stable market share in the domestic telecommunications operator market. Meanwhile,
the Group vigorously expanded the OPEX business of domestic telecommunications operator market and increased the
investment in research and development to improve its capabilities, which enabled the Group to make breakthroughs in the
applications, contents and other service of the operators.




 The Group undertook 5G base stations construction



In 2019, the Group overcame the unfavorable effect from the decrease in unit service price of domestic telecommunications
operators and realized a steady year-on-year growth of 3.9% in the revenue from domestic telecommunications operator
market. Of such revenue, revenue from China Telecom amounted to RMB40,633 million, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 1.6%, while aggregate revenues from domestic telecommunications operator customers other than China
Telecom amounted to RMB31,787 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 11.8%, which was the largest contributor
to the Group’s incremental revenue from domestic telecommunications operators.




 The Group supported domestic telecommunications operators in 5G construction
                                                                     China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   025



                                                                                                 BUSINESS OVERVIEW



DOMESTIC NON-OPERATOR MARKET
The Group has been paying close attention to the development trend of industrial digitalization. Through innovation and
transformation, the Company achieved rapid business growth in domestic non-operator market and sustained optimization
of its revenue structure. In 2019, based on its positioning as a “New Generation Integrated Smart Service Provider”, the
Group accelerated the transformation towards the direction of digital services by focusing on the development opportunities
arising from Smart City, IoT, Big Data, Cloud, Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain etc. We continuously improved service level to
promote constructive and interactive development between emerging and traditional businesses.

In 2019, the Group ranked 5th in the “100 Most Competitive Software & IT Service Enterprises 2019” organized by China
Information Technology Industry Federation and was awarded the title of “Leading Enterprises” in the voting for the Leading
Enterprises for Information Technology Industry in 2019, demonstrating the elevated influence and industry position of
various specialties and products in the relevant sectors. In 2019, revenue from domestic non-operator market amounted to
RMB41,727 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 25.2%. Among that, the revenue from Core Businesses recorded
a year-on-year growth of 29.8%, being the main source of incremental revenue of the Group during the period.

The Group has already developed more than 30 different types of smart products, such as Smart City, Cloud, Smart
Emergency Management, IoT Platform, CCS Network Information Security Solution, Smart Transportation, etc., which
allowed us to provide smart products portfolio that could be disassembled or combined as per customers’ needs, as well as
integrated comprehensive smart service covering top-level design to product R&D and operation.




 The Group undertook the “Smart Expo” project of the Beijing Horticultural Expo




The Group has established over 200 independent business development units across the country and allocated more than
12,000 staff for key industries. During the year, the number of newly signed contracts of RMB ten-million level amounted to
nearly 800 with contract amount totaling over RMB20 billion; we also signed over 20 large-scale projects of RMB100 million
level. Meanwhile, the Group expedited the establishment of expert teams for its core products which consisted of more than
20,000 consultation experts and software engineers. Leveraging on the “Smart Comservice” platform for capabilities
enabling, the Group organized approximately 1,200 trainings for various businesses with more than 37,000 person-times
participation for the continuous cultivation of new teams of core professionals.




 The Group provided Smart Parking (ETC system) integrated solution for airport
026 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



BUSINESS OVERVIEW


The Group stepped up its efforts in the research and development and business development on innovative application of
information technology, Industrial Internet, emergency management and network information security while focusing on the
electricity, transportation and other key industries to take up the strategic position of the industry. The Group established the
China Comservice Internet of Energy Ecosystem Alliance, with annual new contract value of over RMB5 billion; we also
established the Smart Transportation Ecosystem Alliance, with annual new contract value of over RMB6 billion.




  The Group undertook the project of Smart Community and was awarded the “Best Prize of Innovative Urban Planning”




                                                                      The Group undertook the project of “Easy Check (易安檢)”
                                                                      passenger big data platform for the Guangzhou Baiyun
                                                                      International Airport




  The Group undertook the communication planning and
  design project for Beijing Daxing International Airport
                                                                  China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   027



                                                                                              BUSINESS OVERVIEW



OVERSEAS MARKET
In 2019, as a result of the continuous optimization of overseas deployment and business structure as well as the adoption of
a proactive and steady expansion strategy, the scale of overseas business increased steadily and revenue from overseas
customers amounted to RMB3,266 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 3.6%.

By continuously following up with the “Belt and Road” Initiative closely, the Group focused on the expansion of large-scale
projects, took the advantage of the integrated comprehensive service, and expedited transformation and upgrade to facilitate
the promotion of smart products into the overseas market. In 2019, the Group was awarded the “Excellent Enterprise” for
the “Belt and Road” 2019 Information Technology Industry. The 4G Project in Nepal, the Digital Mali Project, the Ground and
Submarine Cables Project in Congo-Brazzaville and the Power Communication Project in Saudi Arabia were launched and
implemented smoothly and the Niger Broadband Infrastructure Project (phase II) progressed well during the year. In addition,
while penetrating into the telecommunications infrastructure services including design, construction and supervision, the
Group also focused on the development of key products including Smart City, Smart Education and Intelligent Building and
key industries including government, transportation, electricity and information security so as to elevate the proportion of the
transformational and emerging businesses, further diversify the overseas business and customer structures, and therefore the
results of its overseas business’ transformation was manifested.




                            The Group was awarded “Excellent Enterprise” for the “Belt and Road” 2019 Information Technology
                            Industry and 3 projects were awarded the Top 100 Outstanding “Belt and Road” Cases




   The Group undertook the 4G Project in Nepal
028 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



BUSINESS OVERVIEW




   The Group undertook communications network construction project




BUSINESS EXPANSION
As the leading service provider in the informatization sector in the PRC that provides integrated comprehensive smart
solutions in the informatization and digitalization sectors, we offer telecommunications infrastructure services, including
design, construction and supervision; business process outsourcing services, including management of infrastructure for
information technology (Network Maintenance), general facilities management (Property Management), supply chain and
products distribution; and applications, content and other services, including system integration, software development and
system support as well as value-added services.


Telecommunications Infrastructure Services
As the largest telecommunications infrastructure service provider in China, the Group possesses all the highest-grade
qualifications in the communications construction industry in China. In 2019, revenue from telecommunications infrastructure
services amounted to RMB64,689 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 12.8%.

The Group has the capabilities to provide worldwide telecommunications operators with comprehensive telecommunications
infrastructure services including planning, design, construction and project supervision for fixed-line, mobile, broadband
networks and supporting systems, as well as the integrated EPC (engineering, procurement and construction) and full-process
engineering consultation services. In 2019, the Group fully addressed the needs of customers including the three domestic
telecommunications operators and China Tower, and maintained solid market leading position. The Group’s revenue of
telecommunications infrastructure services from domestic telecommunications operator customers amounted to RMB41,153
million, representing a year-on-year growth of 2.1%.
                                                                     China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   029



                                                                                                 BUSINESS OVERVIEW


The Group also provides various integrated smart services, including construction services of ancillary communications
networks, integrated solutions for informatization and smart solutions for intelligentization of industries, to domestic non-
operator customers in sectors such as government, construction, transportation, power, financial institutions, broadcasting,
as well as overseas customers. The Group continuously deepened the development in the fields of Smart City, Intelligent
Building, Smart Park and Smart Game and achieved remarkable results in the expansion of large-scale projects. In addition,
the Group rode on the industry trend to accelerate the deployment and development of Industrial Internet, emergency
management and network information security. In 2019, revenue of telecommunications infrastructure services from
domestic non-operator customers amounted to RMB20,910 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 42.8%,
maintaining a strong growth trend continuously.




  The Group undertook the project of “Smart Game’’ for the 7th CISM Military World Games, and
  provided full-process integrated comprehensive smart services




  The Group developed emergency management cloud platform in cooperation with operator, and introduced the
  Group‘s risk monitoring and early warning system for safe production


                                                                         In the future, the domestic telecommunications operators
                                                                         are expected to increase their investment in 5G. The Group
                                                                         will further explore market potential and capture the
                                                                         opportunity of 5G construction by making innovation on
                                                                         business models, such as the EPC and full-process
                                                                         engineering consultation service. The Group will further
                                                                         promote the implementation of the “Dual Growth Drivers+”
                                                                         development strategy and integrate itself into the
                                                                         transformation ecology of the operators so as to maintain
                                                                         healthy development for the traditional infrastructure
  The Group promoted its energy consumption testing
  cloud platform for the electricity market                              business from the domestic telecommunications operators.
030 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



BUSINESS OVERVIEW


With the further implementation of national strategies of “Cyberpower”, “Digital China” and “Smart Society”, the
government requests to accelerate the construction of New Infrastructure, including 5G, Data Centers, IoT and Industrial
Internet. Accordingly, the 5G construction of domestic telecommunications operators, together with the 5G-driven markets
of broadcasting and other vertical industry operator market, will expand continuously while demand for New Infrastructure
such as AI, IoT and Industrial Internet and industrial digitalization will increase persistently. In addition, the continuous
advancement of the government’s “Belt and Road” Initiative will lead to greater potential in overseas market. All of the
above will create new opportunities for the growth of the Group.




         The Group undertook the construction of new infrastructure projects including data center
                                                                       China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   031



                                                                                                    BUSINESS OVERVIEW


Business Process Outsourcing Services
The Group is the largest integrated provider of business process outsourcing services in the communications industry in
China. We keep extending our business scope from core networks to access networks along the communications business
value chain, and provide services including management of infrastructure for information technology (Network Maintenance),
general facilities management (Property Management), supply chain and products distribution. The target customers of our
services include domestic and overseas telecommunications operator customers, government agencies and enterprises
customers. In 2019, the Group continued to exploit the OPEX business of domestic telecommunications operators and the
revenue from the Core BPO4 services amounted to RMB32,315 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 6.9% while the
overall revenue from the business process outsourcing services (i.e. including the products distribution business contained by
the Group) amounted to RMB36,637 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.4%.

The Group provides Network Maintenance services for telecommunications operators covering fiber optic cables, electric
cables, mobile base stations, network equipment and terminals. In 2019, the Group proactively undertook on-site integrated
maintenance services from the three domestic telecommunications operators and China Tower, and facilitated a relatively fast
development of the Group’s maintenance services, with a revenue of RMB15,827 million, representing a year-on-year growth
of 7.0%.

The Group provides Property Management services to domestic telecommunications operators and domestic non-operator
customers for their data centers, cloud computing bases, commercial buildings, high-end residential buildings, high-speed
railway stations and airports, etc. During the year, the Group continued to develop the brand-building of “China Comservice
Properties”, and promoted the construction of IT platform of intelligent building to enhance the synergistic operational
capabilities of Property Management services. In 2019, revenue from the Property Management business of the Group was
RMB6,168 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 16.9%.




          The Group undertook network maintenance business



The Group provides logistics and transportation, warehousing and auxiliary services, procurement agent, inspection service
and value-added services of supply chain to domestic telecommunications operators and domestic non-operator customers.
We possess the industry-recognized AAAAA logistics qualification and is one of the top 50 logistics enterprises in China. In
2019, the Group further implemented the consolidation of supply chain businesses and established a full-process and
network-wide integrated operating system for synergistic operation to improve service capability, thus achieving economies
of scale and providing customers with nationwide integrated logistics services. The Group intensified the development efforts
on the upstream and downstream customers in the information industry, with businesses covering the three domestic
4
     Core BPO services include management of infrastructure for information technology (Network Maintenance), general facilities management (Property
     Management) and supply chain services.
032 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



BUSINESS OVERVIEW


telecommunications operators. We won again the bid for the annual transportation businesses of Yangtze Optical Fibre and
Cable, and FiberHome Telecommunication Technologies. We also established strategic cooperation partnerships with various
equipment manufacturers such as Inspur to expand businesses throughout the country. In 2019, development of supply chain
business moderated mainly because of a subdued growth in marketing agent and after-sale businesses attributable to the
marketing strategy adjustment of the domestic telecommunications operators. The Group’s revenue in supply chain service
was RMB10,320 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.7%. In the future, China Comservice Supply Chain
Management Company Ltd. (“Supply Chain Company”) will further improve synergistic operation capability and drive the
expansion of the Group’s supply chain business.




                                                    The Supply Chain Company of the Group entered into strategic cooperation
                                                    agreement with its business partners




     The Group was awarded the prize of“Excellent Cooperative
     Partner”by customers for its supply chain business


Products distribution business mainly refers to the distribution of communication products. The Group provides terminals
distribution and device distribution services to domestic telecommunications operator customers and provides distribution
and procurement services of IT devices, auxiliary machinery and equipment to domestic non-operator customers. In 2019, the
Group proactively contained the products distribution business with lower efficiency and realized revenue of RMB4,322
million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 11.5%.

The Group believes that the OPEX market of domestic telecommunications operators have enormous room and potential to
grow, and the domestic non-operator market also have strong demands for business process outsourcing. Particularly, the
continuous acceleration in the construction of new infrastructure such as 5G, Data Centers by the government is expected to
bring broader market potential for the Group. The business process outsourcing services have the features of possessing high
customer loyalty, low accounts receivable turnover days and good cash flow. The Group will further allocate its advantageous
resources to carry out professional operation in certain high value business sectors to pursue a more efficient and larger scale
development in such market.
                                                                     China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   033



                                                                                                 BUSINESS OVERVIEW


Applications, Content and Other Services
The Group provides system design and construction, software development and system support as well as value-added
services to customers including domestic telecommunications operators, government agencies and enterprises customers. In
2019, the Group optimized the ecological deployment of smart industry and positioned itself as a “New Generation
Integrated Smart Service Provider”. By leveraging on more than 20 research centers across the nation and focusing on
customers’ needs, the Group promoted the research and development of the core platforms, further enriched the smart
product portfolio, built leading capabilities and solutions to drive the convergence of our products and businesses on the
foundation platforms. In 2019, the Group’s “CCSYUN” (cloud service) Platform obtained the Trusted Cloud Services
Certification (TRUCS) and was awarded the “2019 Innovative Cloud Service Platform” by China Software Industry
Association. The Company was included in “2019 IoT Panoramic Map Report” and the “CCS Open IoT Platform” won the
Bronze Medal of “2019 GIOTC IoT Award” and “OFweek 2019 Most Popular Development Platform in China IoT Industry”.
The Group’s software development and application solutions have been widely recognized by the society. The revenue of
applications, content and other services amounted to RMB16,087 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 17.3%.




  The Group’s “CCSYUN” (cloud service) Platform obtained Trusted Cloud Services Certification (TRUCS) and was awarded the “2019 Innovative
  Cloud Service Platform”




                            The Group’s “CCS Open IoT Platform” won the Bronze Medal of “2019 GIOTC IoT Award” and “OFweek 2019
                            Most Popular Development Platform in China IoT Industry”
034 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



BUSINESS OVERVIEW


In 2019, the Group leveraged on the strength of its integrated service, system design and construction, software iterative
development and system operation and maintenance support capabilities to further improve the dispersed research and
development system and expand ecosystem through external collaboration. Currently, the Group has more than 70 research
and development teams consisting of more than 500 research and development specialists. During the year, the Group has
established and started the operation of Ecosystem Alliances on Cloud Computing, IoT, Smart City, Internet of Energy and
Smart Transportation, converging both internal and external technologies, products and industrial resources of the Group to
build up leading integration capabilities. The Group has established adaptive research and development teams for Smart
Airport and Industrial Internet (Big Data) to build up leading industrial solutions and customization capabilities. In the field of
network information security, the Group strengthened the building of brand, product and service capabilities and was
included in the 2019 Cyber Security Top 100 Report: Leader Matrix in China by AQNIU. In respect of emergency
management, the Group launched the Emergency Management Integrated Solution, aiming to support the modernization of
national governance system. Besides, the Group continuously upgraded its existing group-level products and some has
reached an industry-leading level. For example, the “Smart Transportation” was granted the Excellent Solution of the Smart
Transportation Award and “Smart Court” was awarded as one of the Top 10 Smart Court Innovative Products in China.
Currently, the Group owns more than 30 smart products and could satisfy the needs of the government and enterprise
customers effectively. Meanwhile, the Group participated in a series of important expos, including the Big Data Expo in
Guizhou, the World IoT Expo in Wuxi, the National Governance Intelligentization Expo, the Security Protection Expo in Xi’an
and the Industrial Internet Summit in Chongqing, which further improved the industry status and influence.




         The Group established the China Comservice Industrial Internet    The Group entered into strategic cooperation
         (Big Data) Research Institute                                     with its business partners on Industrial Internet




         The Group presented its CCS Network Information Security          The Group participated in the China International Big
         Solution in the 2019 Network Security Expo                        Data Industry Expo 2019 and entered into strategic
                                                                           cooperation with its business partners on Smart City
                                                                    China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   035



                                                                                                BUSINESS OVERVIEW


The domestic non-operator customers are the major customer group of our applications, content and other services, which
contribute more than 50% of the overall revenue from such services. In 2019, the revenue from domestic non-operator
customers for applications, content and other services increased by 20.6% year-on-year, which was a major driver for the
growth of this segment.

With the further implementation of “Digital China”, “Cyberpower”, and “Smart Society”, the central government’s initiatives
to accelerate 5G development, together with the expedition on the construction of New Infrastructure including 5G, Artificial
Intelligence, Data Centers, IoT and Industrial Internet, a broad market for the telecommunications infrastructures services and
business process outsourcing services of the Group emerges. In addition, the deepened integration of new technologies,
including 5G, with various industries will boost the demand for smart applications and the increase of investment from
various industry. The applications, content and other services will also face significant opportunities. The Group will capture
the development opportunities of the new era, focus on customer needs and speed up value transformation and ecosystem
construction. And by leveraging on our own advantages and utilizing new technologies such as 5G, the Group will improve
capabilities and intensify the construction of middle platform for capabilities accumulation. Leveraging on the industry
alliances as its base and our platforms such as CCSYUN (cloud platform) and IoT platform, we will build general competence
and industry solutions to expedite business development.




  The Group participated in the World IoT Expo 2019




                                                      A subsidiary of the Group participated in the Third Summit Forum for Chinese
                                                      Artificial Intelligence and Big Data in Hainan, and was named as the “2019 Top
                                                      Ten Big Data Enterprises in Hainan Province”
036 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



BUSINESS OVERVIEW



CONTENTS OF CERTAIN GROUP-LEVEL (SMART) PRODUCTS OF THE GROUP

  1                        Based on industry-leading private/hybrid cloud integrated solution, the Group provides
                           integrated cloud services covering cloud construction, cloud migration and cloud
            Data Center/   management, as well as cloud platform products to our customers. On the downstream, the
         Cloud Computing/ Group effectively manages and utilizes cloud computing infrastructure, while on the
       PaaS Cloud Platform upstream, the Group provides a variety of components and integration services for software
        (CCSYUN Platform) applications.


  2                              Open IoT Platform supports smart applications and is connectable with intelligent devices. It
                                 allows data sharing within the platform and enables establishment of an open, cooperative
                IoT              and win-win ecological chain. The platform opens up to terminals and application vendors,
             (CCS Open           and provides comprehensive, standardized support services through smart services.
           IoT Platform)


  3                         It possesses the most complete and highest-level information security profession qualifications
                            across the industry, with integrated security service capabilities and a team of security experts
      Network Information providing customized services for customers. Such services cover security demand for
             Security       informatization construction throughout the life cycle, including consultation, evaluation,
          (CCS Network      design, implementation, supervision and training. It provides a full range of services including
      Information Security) data security, security management, application security and system security.


  4                              The Smart Emergency Management helps enterprises and the regulatory authorities with
                                 effective accident warning and regional regulatory decision making upon collecting data in
         Smart Emergency         relation to daily work, security monitoring and emergency management.
          Management


  5                              Leveraging on the Group’s unique capabilities matrix, including 4T (i.e. CT (Communications
                                 Technology, with over 60 years’ experience in network design, construction and
        Industrial Internet      maintenance), IT (Information Technology, including Cloud Construction, Cloud
                                 Management, Cloud Migration and innovative development), DT (Data Technology, with
                                 experience in massive data management and mining), and OT (Operational Technology, with
                                 nationwide entities at provincial, city and county level)), 4P (CCS Open IoT Platform,
                                 CCSYUN(cloud service) Platform, data middle platform and network information security
                                 platform) and 4S (design and consultation, software development, project implementation
                                 and project supervision), the Industrial Internet provides integrated Industrial Internet service
                                 system to customers from government and industrial enterprises to address the four
                                 difficulties, namely the “connection, platform, data and security”.
                                                         China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   037



                                                                                     BUSINESS OVERVIEW



6                          To bolster precise city management and urban services, as well as modernization of urban
                           governance through effective integration and resource sharing of city information, the Group
         Smart City        uses Smart City top-level design as the entry point to build up Smart City Big Data platform,
                           city operation management platform and smart applications that allow for flexible
                           disassembly and reorganization.


7                          Leveraging on IoT, Big Data and other technologies, the Group constructs the Smart Town
                           Comprehensive Big Data Management Platform and realizes five applications, namely
        Smart Town         landscape protection, hazard warning, “River Chief System” river and water quality
                           protection and monitoring, pipe and grid network and resource management in towns.
                           Through a combination of platform+application+services, the Group provides Smart Town
                           comprehensive solution.


8                          The Group provides integrated turnkey solutions for construction of parks, including
                           consultation, planning, construction, operation and maintenance. Based on a co-sharing
         Smart Park        platform, the Group provides unified management and differentiated services for the parks
                           with marketing, management and services as the three major integrated application systems.


9                          Leveraging on the Intelligent Building Management System (CCS-iBMS) as the core, the
                           Group realizes integration and interconnection among self-control system of building
         Intelligent       equipment, and also automation systems of office, security, fire protection and
          Building         communications etc, so as to provide visualized management, operation and service.


10                       Smart Procuratorial Services is a comprehensive intelligent service platform based on
                         electronic inspection and a consolidation of “Information Perception, Network Transmission,
                         Knowledge Services, Procuratorial Applications and Operation Management”. It provides
     Smart Procuratorial smart public prosecution, smart civil and administrative prosecution and smart appeal service
          Services       for inspection.


11                    Smart Government Services utilizes integrated government services platform as the core and
                      is supported by Big Data and data co-sharing platforms, together with the government
                      service hotline (“12345”) and the hall of Smart Government Services, act as the extension
     Smart Government and window of government service.
          Services


12                         Taking the construction of public law service systems as pivot and leveraging on government
                           services cloud platform, the Group builds the integrated administration and management
                           platform that consists of law consultation, law services, administration services, data
        Smart Justice      monitoring via multiple channels such as physical, online and phone.
038 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



BUSINESS OVERVIEW



 13                              By integrating advanced technologies such as Big Data, AI and IoT, the Group provides court
                                 system with full-service and full-cycle integrated ICT solutions.
            Smart Court


 14                              Focusing on safety and defense, the Smart Prison establishes a monitoring system combining
                                 “human defense, physical defense, technological defense and joint defense” in order to
            Smart Prison         maintain the prison being managed, monitored and controlled in all aspects.


 15                              By integrating frontier technologies, the Group develops the new generation Smart Highway
                                 operation and management platform which possesses full capabilities in three major highway
                                 informatization areas — surveillance, toll, as well as maintenance and operation. Meanwhile,
          Smart Highway          through massive real-time data collection and intelligent analysis, the Group assists the
                                 highway operators to enhance the capabilities of emergency command and dispatch,
                                 operation surveillance management and public travel services.


 16                              The Group consolidates the research and development capabilities of each key product
                                 centers to establish an integrated smart airport service system and assist each airline group in
           Smart Airport         the civil aviation industry of China to establish a “safe, green, smart and humanistic” airport
                                 and realizing the goal to be a world-class airport with “high technologies, high standards and
                                 high quality”.


 17                              Based on informatization platforms, such as the game results platform, stadium operation
                                 platform, game management platform and game command platform, the Group provides
            Smart Sport/         full-process and integrated services to various sport games from preparation, construction to
            Smart Game           operation.


 18                              Adopting a B2B2C model, the Smart Finance provides full-process, modularized integrated
                                 fintech solutions, including financial information system, financial products operation and
           Smart Finance         financial data services, to enterprise customers and financial institutions.
                                                        China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   039



                                                                                    BUSINESS OVERVIEW



19                       Targeting at government departments and related enterprises that are relevant with water
                         conservation, marine protection and environmental protection, the Group constructs an
       Smart Water       comprehensive water conservancy information platform that provides analysis of data
       Conservancy       collected from water level measurement, hydraulic engineering, video recognition and
                         automatic control. The platform provides effective support for the enforcement and
                         monitoring of water law, water resources management, flood-alarming and river/lake
                         management.


20                       The Smart Agriculture is a comprehensive production management platform giving a full view
                         of information about agricultural production, providing smart management of agricultural
     Smart Agriculture   production based on expertise and realizing a new agricultural production management
                         concept of “precise perception, all-around control, interactive farming and smart decision”. It
                         provides professional assistance to refined management of agriculture in large scale.


21                       The Smart Exhibition provides an integrated exhibition showcase service from design and
                         planning to professional implementation for exhibition halls, expos and enterprises of various
     Smart Exhibition    scale.


22                       Based on traditional call centers, the Group provides customized one touch access and
                         number recognition customer service platform with all channels by integrating different
                         functions such as multimedia CS centers, sales service centers and customer management
     Smart Customer      centers, thus enhancing enterprise efficiency, service quality and assisting customers to
        Service          develop market.


23                       The Smart Enterprise provides multiple leading public cloud (SaaS) products to enterprises,
                         helping them to realize integrated digital transformation in respect of human resources,
                         events and devices, including talent management, enterprise resource management, full-
     Smart Enterprise    channel marketing management, cloud procurement management, expense management,
                         business intelligent analysis and other functions.


24                       The Group changes the traditional learning mode by utilizing informatization technologies to
                         realize the integration of online learning and offline training for the adoption of mixed
                         learning mode. Leveraging on mobile internet, cloud computing, live broadcast, AR/VR and
     Smart Education     other technologies, the Group provides enterprises with one-stop training solutions to help
                         them build learning organizations.
040 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

OVERVIEW
In 2019, the Group continued to adhere to its overall roadmap of “value-driven, seeking steady yet progressive growth and
high-quality development” and pinpointed its new position of “New Generation Integrated Smart Service Provider” by
adapting to the development trend of the industry. The Group’s operations remained stable, with total revenues for the year
amounted to RMB117,413 million, representing an increase of 10.6% as compared to 2018; profit attributable to the equity
shareholders of the Company was RMB3,049 million, representing an increase of 5.1% as compared to RMB2,901 million in
2018, with basic earnings per share amounted to RMB0.440; free cash flow was RMB4,243 million, representing an increase
of 17.4% as compared to RMB3,613 million in 2018. Cash conversion ratio was 157.8%, which continued to remain at a
healthy and relatively high level.



TOTAL REVENUES
The Group’s total revenues in 2019 amounted to RMB117,413 million, representing an increase of 10.6% as compared to
2018. From the business perspective, the revenue from telecommunications infrastructure (“TIS”) services was RMB64,689
million, representing a year-on-year growth of 12.8%; the revenue from business process outsourcing (“BPO”) services was
RMB36,637 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.4%, of which the revenues from Core BPO services (i.e.
excluding products distribution business) was RMB32,315 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.9%; and the
revenue from applications, content and other (“ACO”) services was RMB16,087 million, representing a year-on-year growth
of 17.3%. Taking full advantage of the opportunities arising from the construction of Digital Economy and Smart Society in
China, the Group improved its integrated smart service capabilities to drive rapid growth of businesses relating to
digitalization construction, thus TIS services became the major driver of its overall revenue growth. Meanwhile, the Group
consolidated the capabilities of research and development and products by increasing its investment in research and
development, which in turn stimulated the growth of its businesses such as system integration and software development,
making the ACO services continued to be the fastest growing business segment. The Group continued to take advantage of
the opportunities arising from the OPEX business of domestic telecommunications operators, so the continuous growth of its
Core BPO services provided important support to the overall growth of the Group. Construction, system integration and
management of infrastructure for information technology (Network Maintenance) were the three largest contributors to the
total incremental revenues of the Group.

From the market perspective, the incremental revenue from the domestic non-operator market surpassed those generated
from the domestic telecommunications operator market in 2019, and the revenue from such market amounted to
RMB41,727 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 25.2%, in which, revenue from the Core Businesses of such
market amounted to RMB38,544 million, representing a rapid year-on-year increase of 29.8%. Revenue from the domestic
telecommunications operator market amounted to RMB72,420 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 3.9%; and
revenue from the overseas market amounted to RMB3,266 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.6%. In 2019,
the Group continued to cultivate and upgrade various smart applications in key industries, focused on the development of
integrated smart solutions and accelerated the deployment in fields such as Industrial Internet, emergency management and
network information security, thus the businesses from the domestic non-operator market sustained a rapid growth and
continued to contribute the largest incremental revenue to the Group. Meanwhile, the Group effectively implemented “Dual
Growth Drivers+” (i.e. CAPEX and OPEX + Smart Applications) development strategy in the domestic telecommunications
operator market. The Group not only fully exploited the traditional infrastructure businesses and continued to vigorously
develop OPEX business, but also paid close attention to the demand for transformation and upgrade from domestic
telecommunications operators to provide them with informatization support services, thus driving the further increase in
contribution from the ACO services. All the above measures enabled the Group to realize steady development in the domestic
telecommunications operator market.
                                                                China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   041



                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                  FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


BUSINESS REVENUE MIX


                 31.2%                         13.7%                             33.1%                           12.9%



                             2 019                                                             2018


                                              55.1%                                                             54.0%


                                Telecommunications        Business Process           Applications, Content
                                Infrastructure Services   Outsourcing Services       and Other Services


The following table sets forth a breakdown of our total revenues for 2018 and 2019, together with their respective changes:

                                                                                      2019                      2018
                                                                                   RMB’000                   RMB’000              Change

  Telecommunications Infrastructure Services
  Design services                                                                 10,239,043           10,605,020                  –3.5%
  Construction services                                                           50,734,438           42,862,805                  18.4%
  Project supervision and management services                                      3,715,334            3,891,611                  –4.5%
                                                                                  64,688,815           57,359,436                  12.8%
  Business Process Outsourcing Services
  Management of infrastructure for information technology
    (Network Maintenance)                                                         15,826,644           14,793,165                   7.0%
  General facilities management (Property Management)                              6,168,074            5,277,821                  16.9%
  Supply chain                                                                    10,320,178           10,148,648                   1.7%
    Sub-total of Core BPO Services                                                32,314,896           30,219,634                   6.9%
  Products distribution                                                            4,322,284            4,883,188                –11.5%
                                                                                  36,637,180           35,102,822                   4.4%
  Applications, Content and Other Services
  System integration                                                               9,108,195            7,372,535                  23.5%
  Software development and system support                                          2,856,311            2,501,901                  14.2%
  Value added services                                                             2,035,012            1,934,382                   5.2%
  Others                                                                           2,087,576            1,905,561                   9.6%
                                                                                  16,087,094           13,714,379                  17.3%
  Total                                                                          117,413,089         106,176,637                   10.6%
042 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


Telecommunications Infrastructure Services
In 2019, the Group’s revenue from TIS services amounted to RMB64,689 million, representing an increase of 12.8% as
compared to RMB57,359 million in 2018. Of which, the construction services recorded revenue of RMB50,735 million,
representing an increase of 18.4% as compared to 2018, being the largest contributor to the overall incremental revenues.
TIS services was the primary source of revenue of the Group and accounted for 55.1% of our total revenues, representing an
increase of 1.1 percentage points from 54.0% in 2018. As to the customer structure of the TIS services, the Group’s TIS
revenue from domestic telecommunications operators amounted to RMB41,153 million and accounted for 63.6% of the
total TIS revenues, representing a decrease of 6.7 percentage points from last year. The aggregate TIS revenues from
domestic non-operator customers and overseas customers amounted to RMB23,536 million and accounted for 36.4% of the
total TIS revenues, representing an increase of 6.7 percentage points from last year, whereas the increase in proportion was
driven by domestic non-operator customers.

In 2019, the Group’s TIS revenue from domestic telecommunications operators increased by 2.1% over 2018. The Group
took advantage of the opportunities arising from the gradually increasing investment in the construction of 5G network by
the domestic telecommunications operators, coordinated the allocation of resources and improved delivery capability and
service quality, and therefore maintained market share. However, the domestic telecommunications operators have not yet
invested in 5G network in scale while adjusting their investment structure at the same time, the Group’s TIS revenue from the
domestic telecommunications operator customers maintained a steady growth. Meanwhile, the aggregate TIS revenues from
domestic non-operator customers and overseas customers increased by 38.2% over 2018, in which the TIS revenue from
domestic non-operator customers recorded a significant year-on-year growth of 42.8%, showing a remarkably enhanced
growth momentum. With the Group’s further penetration into key industries and the enhancement on its integrated smart
service capabilities, the business development in the domestic non-operator market played an increasingly prominent role in
driving the TIS business.


Business Process Outsourcing Services
In 2019, the Group’s revenue from BPO services amounted to RMB36,637 million, representing an increase of 4.4% as
compared to RMB35,103 million in 2018, accounting for 31.2% of our total revenues, a decrease of 1.9 percentage points
as compared to 33.1% in 2018. Excluding the products distribution business, revenue from the Core BPO services amounted
to RMB32,315 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 6.9%. In terms of customer structure of the BPO services, the
BPO revenue from the domestic telecommunications operators amounted to RMB24,454 million, representing an increase of
4.0% over 2018, and accounting for 66.7% of the total revenues from the BPO services, representing a decrease of 0.3
percentage point over 2018. The aggregate BPO revenues from the domestic non-operator customers and overseas
customers amounted to RMB12,183 million, representing an increase of 5.1% over 2018, accounted for 33.3% of the total
revenues from the BPO services, representing an increase of 0.3 percentage point over 2018.

In 2019, among each of the business under the Group’s BPO services, revenue from the Network Maintenance business
maintained a favourable growth and amounted to RMB15,827 million, representing an increase of 7.0% as compared to
2018. The Network Maintenance business was the third largest contributor to the overall incremental revenues, which was
primarily the result of the Group’s focus on the OPEX business and continuous maintenance outsourcing demand of domestic
telecommunications operators. Revenue from the Property Management business amounted to RMB6,168 million,
representing an increase of 16.9% as compared to 2018, maintaining a favourable growth momentum. Revenue from the
supply chain business amounted to RMB10,320 million, representing an increase of 1.7% as compared to 2018. The
slowdown in growth of the supply chain business was mainly due to the adjustment of marketing strategy by domestic
telecommunications operators which led to the subdued growth in marketing agent and after-sale businesses of the Group.
Besides, revenue from the products distribution business amounted to RMB4,322 million, representing a decrease of 11.5%
as compared to 2018, mainly due to the fact that the Group adhered to the principle of efficient development and continued
to proactively contain products distribution business with relatively low efficiency.
                                                             China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   043



                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                  FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


Applications, Content and Other Services
In 2019, the Group’s revenue from ACO services amounted to RMB16,087 million, representing an increase of 17.3% as
compared to RMB13,715 million in 2018, making it the fastest-growing business segment for the year. Of which, the system
integration business recorded revenue of RMB9,108 million, representing an increase of 23.5% as compared to 2018, being
the second largest contributor to the overall incremental revenues. The revenue from ACO services accounted for 13.7% of
the Group’s total revenues, representing an increase of 0.8 percentage point from 12.9% in 2018, and such proportion has
been constantly growing in the past five consecutive years. In terms of the customer structure of ACO services, the Group’s
ACO revenue from domestic telecommunications operators amounted to RMB6,813 million and accounted for 42.4% of the
total ACO revenues, representing a decrease of 0.4 percentage point from the corresponding period of last year. Aggregate
ACO revenues from domestic non-operator customers and overseas customers amounted to RMB9,274 million, accounting
for 57.6% of the total ACO revenues, representing an increase of 0.4 percentage point from the corresponding period of last
year, which was driven by the domestic non-operator customers.

In 2019, the development of 5G, Cloud, IoT, Big Data, and Artificial Intelligence further integrated with various industries.
The Group took full advantage of such window of opportunities, accelerated deployment in industries to improve its
capability to create digital assets. The Group proactively adapted to the national strategies, including “Cyberpower”, “Digital
China” and “Smart Society”, as well as the “Belt and Road” Initiative, and the aggregate ACO revenues from the domestic
non-operator customers and overseas customers maintained a rapid growth of 18.2% over 2018. The domestic non-operator
customers were the key development focus for the Group, and both the revenue and incremental revenue contribution of
such customers from ACO services have surpassed those of the domestic telecommunications operators. The Group’s ACO
revenue from domestic telecommunications operators increased by 16.2% over 2018, continuing to maintain a rapid growth.



COST OF REVENUES
The Group’s cost of revenues in 2019 amounted to RMB103,726 million, representing an increase of 11.2% from 2018 and
accounting for 88.3% of the total revenues.

The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s cost of revenues in 2018 and 2019 and their respective changes:

                                                                                  2019                   2018
                                                                               RMB’000                RMB’000                  Change

  Direct personnel costs                                                      9,111,016             8,747,317                   4.2%
  Depreciation and amortization                                                 756,976               466,096                  62.4%
  Materials costs                                                            12,838,003             9,783,239                  31.2%
  Direct costs of products distribution                                       4,167,579             4,629,177                 –10.0%
  Subcontracting charges                                                     64,462,508            57,555,216                  12.0%
  Lease charges and others                                                   12,390,048            12,110,626                   2.3%
  Total cost of revenues                                                   103,726,130             93,291,671                   11.2%
044 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


COST OF REVENUES AS A % OF TOTAL REVENUES

                                    88.3%                                           87.9%
                             7.8%                       Direct personnel costs                  8.3%
                             0.6%                   Depreciation and amortization               0.4%
                            10.9%                          Materials costs                      9.2%

                             3.5%                Direct costs of products distribution          4.4%




                            54.9%                       Subcontracting charges                  54.2%




                            10.6%                      Lease charges and others                 11.4%



                                     2019                                                2018

Direct Personnel Costs
In 2019, direct personnel costs amounted to RMB9,111 million, representing an increase of 4.2% from RMB8,748 million in
2018. Direct personnel costs accounted for 7.8% of our total revenues, representing a decrease of 0.5 percentage point from
2018. The Group kept a reasonable control over its total headcount and continued to optimize the employee structure to
strictly control staff costs. With the growth in its business volume, the Group made use of outsourcing resources reasonably
to enhance operating efficiency.


Depreciation and Amortisation
In 2019, depreciation and amortisation amounted to RMB757 million, representing an increase of 62.4% from RMB466
million in 2018. Depreciation and amortisation cost accounted for 0.6% of our total revenues. Significant increase in
depreciation and amortisation was due to the application of IFRS 16 (Leases) that certain costs originally credited to lease
charges was credited to depreciation and amortisation.


Materials Costs
In 2019, materials costs amounted to RMB12,838 million, representing an increase of 31.2% as compared to RMB9,783
million in 2018. Materials costs accounted for 10.9% of our total revenues, representing an increase of 1.7 percentage points
from 2018. The increase in materials costs was mainly attributable to the increase in relevant materials costs caused by the
growth of our construction and system integration businesses.
                                                                         China Communications Services Corporation Limited      Annual Report 2019   045



                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                    FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


Direct Costs of Products Distribution
In 2019, the direct costs of products distribution amounted to RMB4,168 million, representing a decrease of 10.0% as
compared to RMB4,629 million in 2018. Direct costs of products distribution accounted for 3.5% of our total revenues,
representing a decrease of 0.9 percentage point over 2018. The decrease in the direct costs of products distribution was
mainly because the Group proactively contained certain relatively low efficiency products distribution business.


Subcontracting Charges
In 2019, subcontracting charges were RMB64,462 million, representing an increase of 12.0% as compared to RMB57,555
million in 2018. Subcontracting charges accounted for 54.9% of our total revenues, representing an increase of 0.7
percentage point over 2018. In 2019, the growth of subcontracting charges slowed down significantly as compared to 20185.
The Group continued to transform to technology-intensive operation model and focus on high-end businesses, and promoted
subcontracting of low-end businesses. In addition, during the reporting period, the Group undertook more turnkey projects
in the domestic non-operator market, which have more needs for subcontracting for certain professional work. Business
transformation of the Group instigated the company to have stricter control over the subcontracting costs. Through analysis
of data on subcontractors, the Group intensified management and supervision of subcontractors throughout the whole
process.


Lease Charges and Others
In 2019, lease charges and others were RMB12,390 million, representing an increase of 2.3% over RMB12,111 million in
2018. Lease charges and others accounted for 10.6% of our total revenues, representing a decrease of 0.8 percentage point
over 2018. The decrease in proportion over total revenues was mainly due to the application of IFRS 16 (Leases) that certain
costs from lease charges were credited to depreciation and amortisation and finance costs.



GROSS PROFIT
In 2019, the Group recorded gross profit of RMB13,687 million, representing an increase of 6.2% over RMB12,885 million in
2018. The Group’s gross profit margin in 2019 was 11.7%, representing a decrease of 0.4 percentage point from 12.1% in
2018. Comparing to 2018, the decrease in gross profit margin in 2019 narrowed6. In 2019, the Group continued to face
downward pressure on gross profit margin due to various factors, including the general decrease in unit service prices of
businesses from domestic telecommunications operators and the increase in certain costs that were characterized as fixed in
nature, such as labour-related costs. However, the Group continued to optimize its business and customer structure in 2019,
and revenue from the Core Businesses as a proportion to our total revenues was 96.3%, representing an increase of 0.9
percentage point as compared to the previous year. In addition, business value from the domestic non-operator market
manifested and the gross profit contribution from such market increased during the year as a result of the synergies achieved
through the development of smart businesses in such market and the related businesses growth led by the smart businesses.
The above factors alleviated the impacts on gross profit margin brought by the factors of external environment to a certain
extent. Through various measures such as transformation and upgrade as well as the synergistic use of resources, the Group
will strive to improve its gross profit margin by enhancing its service value and competitiveness.




5
     In 2018, the Group’s subcontracting charges were RMB57,555 million, representing an increase of 22.8% year-on-year, and the proportion to our total
     revenues increased by 4.7 percentage points over 2017.
6
     In 2018, the Group’s gross profit margin was 12.1%, representing a decrease of 0.8 percentage point as compared to 2017.
046 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
In 2019, the selling, general and administrative expenses of the Group were RMB11,494 million, representing an increase of
8.3% as compared to RMB10,611 million in 2018. The selling, general and administrative expenses accounted for 9.8% of
our total revenues, representing a decrease of 0.2 percentage point from 2018. Of which, the research and development
costs were RMB3,276 million, representing an increase of 17.1% as compared to RMB2,798 million in 2018, and accounted
for 2.8% of our total revenues, representing an increase of 0.2 percentage point from 2018. The main reasons for the
increase in selling, general and administrative expenses were the increase in labour costs characterized as fixed in nature and
the proactive increase in investment on research and development from the Group during the year.



FINANCE COSTS
In 2019, the finance costs of the Group were RMB69 million, representing a significant increase of 173.6% as compared to
RMB25 million in 2018. It was mainly due to additional interest expenses on lease liabilities of RMB36 million resulting from
the application of IFRS 16 (Leases).



INCOME TAX
In 2019, the income tax of the Group was RMB464 million and its effective tax rate was 13.3%, representing a decrease of 1.2
percentage points from 14.5% in 2018. The difference between the Group’s effective tax rate and the statutory tax rate was
mainly due to the preferential income tax rate treatment enjoyed by certain subsidiaries, which are classified as new and
high-technology enterprises, and the preferential policy of tax deduction before income tax for research and development
expenses. In 2019, certain subsidiaries of the Group that fall under the scope of new and high-technology enterprises were
entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15%. Certain enterprises in Western China benefited from the preferential
policies for Western Development Program. Apart from these subsidiaries, the Company and other domestic subsidiaries of
the Group were mainly subject to an income tax rate of 25%. The overseas subsidiaries of the Group were subject to
different tax rates in various countries.



PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY AND
BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE
In 2019, profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company was RMB3,049 million, representing an increase of 5.1%
over RMB2,901 million in 2018. During the year, in order to reinforce its operation fundamentals, the Group made provision
based on a prudent principle for two contractual disputes occurred in previous years according to the progress of the events,
which impacted profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company by RMB86 million. Profit attributable to equity
shareholders of the Company accounted for 2.6% of our total revenues, which slightly decreased as compared to 2018. Basic
earnings per share of the Company were RMB0.440 (2018: RMB0.419).
                                                             China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   047



                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                  FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


CAPITAL EXPENDITURE
The Group implemented stringent budget management over capital expenditure, and made adjustments according to
changes in market condition. In 2019, capital expenditure amounted to RMB946 million, representing an increase of 14.9%
over RMB824 million in 2018. The capital expenditure in 2019 accounted for 0.8% of the total revenues, which remained at
approximately the same level as compared to 2018. The capital expenditure of the Group included the purchases of
production facilities and equipment, machinery and meters, plant and office buildings, intangible assets and other operating
assets.



CASH FLOW
The Group recorded a net cash inflow of RMB3,115 million in 2019, representing an increase of RMB291 million from
RMB2,824 million in 2018. Such change was mainly due to the increase of cash generated from operating activities during
the reporting period. As at the end of 2019, the balance of cash and cash equivalents of the Group amounted to RMB19,221
million, of which 95.8% was denominated in Renminbi.

The following table sets out our cash flow positions in 2018 and 2019, respectively:

                                                                                                         2019                   2018
                                                                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000

  Net cash generated from operating activities                                                       4,811,651              4,260,971
  Net cash used in investing activities                                                               (311,316)              (550,886)
  Net cash used in financing activities                                                             (1,385,133)              (885,710)
  Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                          3,115,202              2,824,375


In 2019, net cash generated from operating activities was RMB4,811 million, representing an increase of RMB550 million
from RMB4,261 million in 2018. Other than the changes due to the classification of cash outflow in certain leasing activities
resulting from the adoption of IFRS 16 (Leases), the increase in operating cash flow was mainly due to the fact that the Group
persisted in value-driven principle and put more efforts on management of cash flow, accounts receivable and accounts
payable with effective clearing and settlement of accounts receivable while expanding business.

In 2019, net cash used in investing activities was RMB311 million, representing a decrease of RMB240 million from RMB551
million in 2018. The decrease was mainly attributable to the decrease in the fund for purchasing short-term wealth
management products and structured deposits at banks after considering the Group’s overall funding arrangement.

In 2019, net cash used in financing activities was RMB1,385 million, representing an increase of RMB499 million from
RMB886 million in 2018. The increase was mainly due to an additional repayment of principal of lease liabilities of RMB350
million resulting from the application of IFRS 16 (Leases).
048 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


WORKING CAPITAL
As at the end of 2019, the Group’s working capital (i.e. current assets net of current liabilities) was RMB22,569 million,
representing an increase of RMB786 million from RMB21,783 million at the end of 2018. The increase in working capital was
mainly due to the expansion of the Group’s business and effective fund management which led to an increase in operating
cash flow and current assets.



ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
The Group continued to maintain its solid financial position. As at the end of 2019, the Group’s total assets was RMB87,541
million, representing an increase of RMB6,615 million from RMB80,926 million in 2018. Total liabilities was RMB52,503
million, representing an increase of RMB4,406 million from RMB48,097 million in 2018. The liabilities-to-assets ratio was
60.0%, which was slightly higher than 59.4% at the end of 2018.

As at the end of 2019, right-of-use assets amounting to RMB1,896 million were included in non-current assets upon the
application of IFRS 16 (Leases) by the Group, among which, leased buildings, motor vehicles and other equipment amounted
to RMB1,024 million and leasehold lands amounted to RMB872 million. As at the end of 2018, leasehold lands amounting to
RMB723 million were classified as lease prepayments.

As at the end of 2019, current portion of lease liabilities of RMB343 million and lease liabilities of RMB690 million were
included in current liabilities and non-current liabilities, respectively, upon the application of IFRS 16 (Leases) by the Group.
According to the liquidity, lease liabilities were classified as current and non-current.



INDEBTEDNESS
As at the end of 2019, total indebtedness of the Group was RMB511 million, representing an increase of RMB40 million from
RMB471 million as at the end of 2018. Indebtedness of the Group was mainly denominated in US dollar, of which Renminbi
loan accounted for 2.6% and US dollar loan accounted for 68.6%; and of which 24.9% was the loans with a fixed interest
rate and 75.1% was those with a floating interest rate.

As at the end of 2019, our gearing ratio7 was 1.5%, which remained at approximately the same level of 1.4% as at the end
of 2018.




7
      Gearing ratio equals to total interest-bearing debts at the end of the financial year divided by the sum of equity attributable to equity shareholders of the
      Company and interest-bearing debts.
                                                            China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   049



                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                  FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS
The following table sets out our contractual commitments as at 31 December 2019:

                                                                                                                                2024
                                            Total         2020            2021              2022             2023           and after
                                          RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000

  Short-term debt                          511,234       511,234               –                 –                –                 –
  Long-term debt                                 –             –               –                 –                –                 –
  Lease commitments                      1,519,118       601,725         336,263           163,993          131,018           286,119
  Contracted for but not provided
    capital commitments                    543,676       543,676                  –                –                 –                –
  Total of contractual obligations       2,574,028     1,656,635         336,263           163,993          131,018           286,119



EXCHANGE RATE
Most of the Group’s revenues and expenses are denominated in Renminbi. As at the end of 2019, the balance of the Group’s
cash and cash equivalents in foreign currencies accounted for 4.2% of the balance of its total cash and cash equivalents, of
which 2.3% and 0.3% were denominated in US dollars and Hong Kong dollars, respectively.
050 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



PROFILES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
SENIOR MANAGEMENT

HONORARY CHAIRMAN
                                                                 Mr. WANG Xiaochu
                                                                 age 61, is the Honorary Chairman1 of our Company. Mr. Wang is
                                                                 currently the Chairman of China United Network Communications
                                                                 Group Company Limited and an Executive Director, Chairman and Chief
                                                                 Executive Officer of China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited. Prior to that,
                                                                 Mr. Wang was the Chairman of China Telecommunications Corporation,
                                                                 and an Executive Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
                                                                 China Telecom Corporation Limited. Mr. Wang was also the Chairman
                                                                 and a Non-Executive Director of the Company.




EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
                                                                 Mr. ZHANG Zhiyong
                                                                 age 54, is the Chairman of our Board of Directors and an Executive
                                                                 Director of our Company in charge of our overall management. Mr.
                                                                 Zhang is also the Vice President of China Telecommunications
                                                                 Corporation, an Executive Vice President of China Telecom Corporation
                                                                 Limited and a Non-Executive Director of China Tower Corporation
                                                                 Limited. Mr. Zhang is a senior engineer and received a bachelor degree
                                                                 in Radio Engineering from the Changchun Institute of Posts and
                                                                 Telecommunications in 1986, a master degree in Control Engineering
                                                                 from the Yanshan University in 2002 and a master of management
                                                                 degree from the BI Norwegian School of Management in 2005. Mr.
                                                                 Zhang previously worked as the General Manager of Beijing branch of
                                                                 China Telecom Corporation Limited, the General Manager of Xinjiang
                                                                 branch of China Telecom Corporation Limited, the Managing Director of
                                                                 the Sideline Industrial Management Department of China
                                                                 Telecommunications Corporation, and also the President and an
                                                                 Executive Director of our Company. Mr. Zhang has over 30 years of
                                                                 operational and management experience in the telecommunications
                                                                 industry in China.




1
    Honorary Chairman is not a member of the Board and does not have any power or right to vote on any matters considered by the Board.
                                                            China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   051



                                        PROFILES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
                                                          SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Mr. SI Furong
age 59, is the President and an Executive Director of our Company
responsible for our daily operations and management. Mr. Si is also the
Managing Director of the Sideline Industrial Management Department of
China Telecommunications Corporation and the Chairman of China
Communications Services International Limited, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company. Mr. Si graduated from Information
Engineering University in 1982 with a bachelor degree in radio
communications. He also received an EMBA degree from Peking
University Guanghua School of Management in 2006. Mr. Si previously
served as the Director of the Corporate Affairs Department of China
Telecommunications Corporation, the Director of the Corporate Affairs
Department of China Telecom Corporation Limited, the General
Manager of Shaanxi Telecom Company Limited of China
Telecommunications Corporation, the General Manager of Shaanxi
branch of China Telecom Corporation Limited, the General Manager of
China Telecommunications Corporation Shaanxi network asset branch
and Chairman of Shaanxi Communication Services Company Limited and
a Director of China Tower Corporation Limited. Prior to joining China
Telecommunications Corporation, Mr. Si was the Deputy Director of the
Personnel Department of the Ministry of Information Industry. Mr. Si has
over 30 years of operational and management experience in the
telecommunications industry in China.


Ms. ZHANG Xu
age 50, is an Executive Director, Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer of our Company. Ms. Zhang graduated from Beijing
University of Posts and Telecommunications in 1992 with a bachelor
degree in posts and telecommunications management engineering, and
she also received a master degree in international commence from The
University of New South Wales in 2003. Prior to joining the Company,
Ms. Zhang was Divisional Director of General Finance Division of China
Telecommunications Corporation’s Finance Department. Prior to that,
Ms. Zhang served as Divisional Director of Treasury Division of China
Telecommunications Corporation’s Finance Department, a Director and
Vice President of China Telecom (Hong Kong) International Limited and
Divisional Director of Headquarter Finance and Accounting Division of
China Telecommunications Corporation’s Finance Department. Ms.
Zhang has over 20 years of experience in telecommunications industry
and financial management.
052 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



PROFILES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
SENIOR MANAGEMENT


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

                                                          Mr. SIU Wai Keung, Francis
                                                          age 66, is an Independent Non-Executive Director of our Company. Mr.
                                                          Siu is currently an Independent Non-Executive Director of the following
                                                          listed companies, including GuocoLand Limited, CITIC Limited, CGN
                                                          Power Co., Limited and China International Capital Corporation Limited.
                                                          Mr. Siu is also an Independent Non-Executive Director of Beijing Gao Hua
                                                          Securities Company Limited and BHG Retail Trust Management Pte. Ltd,
                                                          and also the Non-Executive Director of the Financial Reporting Council.
                                                          Mr. Siu graduated from the University of Sheffield, United Kingdom,
                                                          with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics and Accounting and Financial
                                                          Management in 1979. He is also a fellow member of the Institute of
                                                          Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, and a fellow member of
                                                          the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He joined
                                                          KPMG Manchester, UK in 1979, returned to Hong Kong in 1986 and
                                                          became a partner of KPMG Hong Kong in 1993. He was previously a
                                                          Senior Partner of KPMG Shanghai Office, a Senior Partner of KPMG
                                                          Beijing Office as well as a Senior Partner of Northern Region, KPMG
                                                          China. Mr. Siu has been in the accounting profession for over 30 years.


                                                          Mr. LV Tingjie
                                                          age 65, is an Independent Non-Executive Director of our Company. Mr.
                                                          Lv graduated from Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications
                                                          with a master’s degree, and obtained a doctorate degree from Kyoto
                                                          University of Japan. Mr. Lv is now a professor and doctoral tutor at the
                                                          School of Economics and Management of Beijing University of Posts and
                                                          Telecommunications. Mr. Lv also serves as the Director of the Teaching
                                                          and Research Centre for Ecommerce in Beijing University of Posts and
                                                          Telecommunications and the Director of the Academic Committee of
                                                          “Information Management and Information Economics Key Laboratory”
                                                          of the Ministry of Education. Mr. Lv is currently an Independent Non-
                                                          executive Director of Beijing Digital Telecom Co., Ltd., and also an
                                                          Independent Director of China United Network Communications Limited,
                                                          Gohigh Data Networks Technology Co., Ltd., BOE Technology Group
                                                          Co., Ltd. ,Shenzhen Aisidi Co., Ltd. and China Satellite Communications
                                                          Co., Ltd. Mr. Lv is also a member of the Technology Committee and a
                                                          member of Telecommunication Economics Expert Committee of the
                                                          Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, a Deputy Director of
                                                          the E-commerce Instruction Advisory Committee of the Ministry of
                                                          Education, a member of the Technology Committee of China Post Group
                                                          Corporation, a Standing Director of the International Telecommunications
                                                          Society and a Standing Vice Chairman of China Information Economics
                                                          Society. Mr. Lv used to serve as an Independent Non-executive Director
                                                          of Global Link Communications Holdings Limited, and also a consultant
                                                          for the business management and strategic development in many
                                                          telecommunication enterprises and provide advice and solutions to their
                                                          development and reform. Mr. Lv has a deep insight in the development
                                                          of China’s communication industry and the management of
                                                          telecommunication enterprises with extensive management experience.
                                                                China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   053



                                           PROFILES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
                                                             SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Mr. WU Taishi
age 73, is an Independent Non-Executive Director of our Company.
Mr. Wu graduated from Department of Management of Fudan
University with a bachelor degree in economics, majoring in Industrial
Economics. Mr. Wu is a certified public accountant in the PRC and a
senior accountant at researcher level. Mr. Wu used to serve as an
External Director of China Energy Conservation and Environmental
Protection Group and China Shipbuilding Industry Corporation,
Deputy Chief Economist and Chief Accountant of Shanghai Carrier
Rocket Assembly Plant, Director of Finance Bureau of Aviation
Industry Corporation of China, General Manager of the Research &
Development Department and Director of Postdoctoral work station
of the Head Office of Bank of Communication, an Independent Non-
executive Director of China Railway Construction Corporation Limited
and an Independent Director of Power Construction Corporation of
China, Ltd. Mr. Wu has extensive experience in financial
management.



Mr. LIU Linfei
age 63, is an Independent Non-Executive Director of our Company.
Mr. Liu is currently an attorney and a senior partner of Jun He Law
Offices. He graduated from Heilongjiang University with a bachelor
degree in 1982 and obtained a Master of Laws from the University of
International Relations in Beijing in 1985, after which he served in the
research office under the Standing Committee of the National
People’s Congress. He went to the United States in the autumn of
1987 and studied in the School of Advanced International Studies,
Johns Hopkins University and served as an intern in the Congress of
the United States. He enrolled in the School of Law of the University
of Kansas in the United States in 1989 and graduated in 1992 with a
Juris Doctor degree, after which he practiced in a law firm in the
United States and was qualified as a practicing lawyer in the United
States. He joined the Jun He Law Offices as a partner in early 1995.
His practice primarily covers international legal affairs, in particular,
foreign direct investment and mergers and acquisitions.
054 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



PROFILES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
SENIOR MANAGEMENT


SUPERVISORS

Ms. HAN Fang
age 47, is the Chairperson of our Supervisory Committee. Ms. Han is the Vice President of the Audit Department of China
Telecommunications Corporation. Ms. Han graduated from the Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications with a
bachelor’s degree in engineering management in 1995. She obtained a master degree in business administration at the
Norwegian School of Management in 2007. Ms. Han is an international internal auditor, a qualified accountant in PRC and a
senior accountant. She worked as a Supervisor of the Supervisory Committee of China Telecom Corporation Limited, the
Chief Accountant of China Telecom Global Limited and a Divisional Director of the General Audit Division of China
Telecommunications Corporation’s Audit Department. Ms. Han has over 20 years of finance and audit experience in the
telecommunications industry.


Mr. HAI Liancheng
age 75, is an Independent Supervisor of our Company. Mr. Hai studied at the Civil Aviation College and Chinese Communist
Party’s (CPC) School, and obtained a college diploma. Mr. Hai served as Vice-Divisional Director and Divisional Director of the
Financial Division of the Financial Department of Civil Aviation Administration of China (“CAAC”), Vice-Director and Director
of the Financial Department of CAAC, General Manager of China Aviation Oil Supply Corporation and Vice General Manager
of China Aviation Oil Holding Company. Mr. Hai served as the Chairman of South China BlueSky Aviation Oil Co., Ltd. and
China Aviation Oil Corporation Ltd.. Since Mr. Han retired in January 2006, he served as the Director General of the CAAC
Sub-association of the China Association of Chief Financial Officers and Chairman of the CAAC Training Centre for
Accounting and Auditing.


Mr. SI Jianfei
age 57, is an Employee Representative Supervisor and senior manager of the Company. Prior to that, Mr. Si was the Director
of the General Manager’s Office and Office of Board of Directors of the Company and concurrently served as the General
Manager of Beijing Hongxiang Hotel. Mr. Si graduated from University of International Business and Economics in 2002 with
an MBA degree. Mr. Si joined the Sideline Industrial Management Department of China Telecommunications Corporation in
2003 and served as the Divisional Director of the General Management Division. Prior to that, Mr. Si was the Deputy Director
of Corporate Affairs Department of China Telecom Corporation Limited Xinjiang Branch. Mr. Si has over 20 years working
experiences in the telecommunications industry.



MANAGEMENT

Mr. ZHANG Zhiyong
(Please refer to the “Executive Directors” section)


Mr. SI Furong
(Please refer to the “Executive Directors” section)


Ms. ZHANG Xu
(Please refer to the “Executive Directors” section)
                                                            China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   055



                                        PROFILES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
                                                          SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. XU Chuguo
age 56, is an Executive Vice President of our Company. Mr. Xu is a professor-level senior engineer. Mr. Xu is a director and
the General Manager of China Communications Services International Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.
Mr. Xu graduated from Chongqing University of Posts and Telecommunications in 1987 with a bachelor degree in
telecommunications engineering and received an EMBA degree from Peking University Guanghua School of Management in
2006. Mr. Xu previously served as the Director of The 3rd Engineering Bureau and the Deputy General Manager of the
predecessor of China International Telecommunications Construction Corporation, the General Manager of China
International Telecommunications Construction Corporation (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company). Mr. Xu has over
30 years of market development, operational and managerial experience in domestic and overseas telecommunications
industry.


Mr. LIANG Shiping
age 50, is an Executive Vice President of our Company. Mr. Liang joined the Company in August 2008 and served as Director
of the Marketing Department of the Company. Mr. Liang received a bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering from the
Computer Science Department of Jilin University in 1992 and master’s degree in Computer Application from the Sixth
Research Institute of the Ministry of Machinery and Electronics Industry in 1996. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Liang
served at the Data Communication Bureau of the Ministry of Posts and Telecommunications, the Multimedia Bureau of the
Telecom Administration of the Ministry of Posts and Telecommunications and the Technology Development Department of
China Telecom Data Communication Bureau. From October 2000 to August 2008, Mr. Liang served as a Divisional Director
of the Planning Division of the Data Communication Bureau and the Application Development Division of the Corporate
Informatization Department of China Telecommunications Corporation. Mr. Liang has over 20 years of experience in
telecommunications and IT industry.


Mr. YAN Dong
age 48, is an Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer of our Company. Mr. Yan is also the Deputy Managing Director
of the Sideline Industrial Management Department of China Telecommunications Corporation and a Director of Besttone
Holding Co., Ltd. Prior to that, Mr. Yan was the Director of the Corporate Affairs Department of the Company, the Employee
Representative Supervisor of the Company, the Director of the Risk Management Department of the Company and the
Deputy General Manager and Chief Financial Officer of China International Telecommunications Construction Corporation.
Mr. Yan graduated from Shandong University in 2002 with an MBA degree. Prior to joining the Company in 2006, Mr. Yan
served as a Project Manager in Shandong International Trust and Investment Corporation, Office Director and Manager of the
Investment Department of Shandong Luxin Investment Corporation, General Manager of Shandong Luxin Property
Investment and Development Co., Ltd. and Divisional Director of Coordinated Development Division and Sideline Industrial
Restructuring Division of the Sideline Industrial Management Department of China Telecommunications Corporation. Mr. Yan
has extensive experience in financial management, business administration and operation of listed companies.



COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. CHUNG Wai Cheung, Terence
age 46, is the Company Secretary and Deputy Chief Financial Officer of our Company. Mr. Chung graduated from Melbourne
University, Australia in 1996, with a bachelor of commerce degree and received a master’s degree in business administration
from the Australian Graduate School of Management in 2005. Mr. Chung is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants and the CPA Australia. Mr. Chung previously worked in an international accounting firm, China
Mobile Limited and China Telecom Corporation Limited, and has over 20 years of extensive experience in auditing, company
secretary and financial management of listed companies.
056 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The board of directors (the “Board”) of China Communications Services Corporation Limited (the “Company”) is pleased to
present the Report of the Directors of the Company, together with the audited financial statements of the Company and its
subsidiaries (the “Group”) prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards for the year ended 31
December 2019.



PRINCIPAL BUSINESSES
The Group is a leading service provider in the informatization sector in the PRC, positioned as “New Generation Integrated
Smart Service Provider”, which provides integrated comprehensive smart solutions in the field of informatization and
digitalization. We offer telecommunications infrastructure services, including design, construction and project supervision and
management; business process outsourcing services, including management of infrastructure for information technology
(“network maintenance”), general facilities management (“property management”), supply chain and products distribution;
and applications, content and other services, including system integration, software development and system support, and
value-added services. The major customers of the Group include domestic telecommunications operator customers, domestic
non-telecom operator customers such as government agencies, industrial customers and small and medium enterprises, and
overseas customers.



RESULTS
Results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2019 and the financial position of the Group as at that date are set
out in the audited financial statements on page 134 to page 234 in this annual report.



BUSINESS REVIEW
A fair review of the business, business outlook and the key financial performance indicators of the Group are provided in the
“Chairman’s Statement”, “President’s Statement”, “Business Overview” and “Management Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Conditions and Results of Operations” of this annual report. Description of the principal risks and uncertainties
faced by the Group is disclosed in this section. Particulars of important events affecting the Group that have occurred since
the end of the financial year of 2019, if applicable, can also be found in the aforesaid sections.

In addition, more details regarding the Group’s performance in relation to environmental and social-related policies, an
account of the Group’s relationships with its key stakeholders, as well as compliance with relevant laws and regulations
which have a significant impact on the Group, are provided in the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” of this
annual report.

The above discussion forms part of this “Report of the Directors”.



DIVIDENDS
The Board proposes a final dividend of RMB0.1321 per share and a special dividend of RMB0.0264 per share, and the total
dividend is RMB0.1585 per share (pre-tax) for the year ended 31 December 2019. The dividend proposal will be submitted
for consideration at the annual general meeting to be held on 15 June 2020 (the “AGM”).
                                                             China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   057



                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Dividends will be denominated and declared in Renminbi. Dividends will be paid in Renminbi for holders of domestic shares
and holders of H shares (including enterprises and individuals) who invest in the H shares of the Company listed on The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) through the Shanghai Stock Exchange or Shenzhen Stock Exchange
(“the Southbound Trading”) (the “Southbound Shareholders”), and dividends for H share shareholders other than the
Southbound Shareholders will be paid in Hong Kong dollars. The relevant exchange rate will be the average of the mid-point
rates of Renminbi to Hong Kong dollars as announced by the People’s Bank of China for the week prior to the date of
approval of declaration of dividends by the AGM. The record date for entitlement to the shareholders’ rights and the relevant
arrangements of dividend distribution for Southbound Shareholders are the same as those for the Company’s H share
shareholders. The proposed dividends are expected to be paid on or about Friday, 14 August 2020 upon approval at the
AGM.

Further details in respect of the dividends and distribution by the Company are set out in note 14 of the audited financial
statements on page 184 of this annual report.

For the overseas resident individual shareholders of the Company, pursuant to relevant laws and regulations including the
Law of the People’s Republic of China on Individual Income Tax, the Regulations for the Implementation of the Law of the
People’s Republic of China on Individual Income Tax, and the letter dated 28 June 2011 from the State Administration of
Taxation to the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong, for individual H share shareholders receiving dividends who are
Hong Kong or Macau residents or whose country of domicile is a country which has entered into a tax treaty with the PRC
stipulating a dividend tax rate of 10%, the Company, as a withholding agent, is required to withhold and pay individual
income tax at the rate of 10%. For individual H share shareholders receiving dividends whose country of domicile is a country
which has entered in to a tax treaty with the PRC stipulating a dividend tax rate lower than 10%, the Company will withhold
the individual income tax at a tax rate of 10%. The Company can process applications on behalf of those shareholders to
seek entitlement of the relevant agreed preferential treatments pursuant to relevant regulations, and upon approval by the
tax authorities, the extra amount of tax withheld will be refunded. For individual H share shareholders receiving dividends
whose country of domicile is a country which has entered into a tax treaty with the PRC stipulating a dividend tax rate higher
than 10% but lower than 20%, the Company will withhold the individual income tax at the agreed-upon effective tax rate
when distributing dividends and no application procedures will be necessary. For individual H share shareholders receiving
dividends whose country of domicile is a country which has not entered into any tax treaty with the PRC or are under other
situations, the Company will withhold the individual income tax at a tax rate of 20% when distributing dividends.

For the overseas non-resident enterprise shareholders of the Company (including HKSCC Nominees Limited, corporate
nominees or trustees, or other organizations or entities that are considered non-resident enterprise shareholders), pursuant to
the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Enterprise Income Tax, the Regulations for the Implementation of the Law of
the People’s Republic of China on Enterprise Income Tax and relevant rules and regulations, as a withholding agent, the
Company is required to withhold and pay the enterprise income tax at the tax rate of 10% on behalf of the overseas non-
resident enterprise shareholders.

For the Southbound Shareholders of the Company, the Shanghai branch of China Securities Depository and Clearing
Corporation Limited and the Shenzhen branch of China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited, as the
nominees of the shareholders of the Southbound Trading, will receive all dividends distributed by the Company and will
distribute the dividends to the relevant shareholders under the Southbound Trading through its depositary and clearing
system. According to the relevant provisions under the “Notice on Tax Policies for Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot
Programme (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81)” and “Notice on Tax Policies for Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot Programme (Cai
Shui [2016] No. 127)”, the Company shall withhold individual income tax at the rate of 20% with respect to dividends
received by the Mainland individual investors for investing in the H shares of the Company listed on the Stock Exchange
through the Southbound Trading. In respect of the dividends for the investment of Mainland securities investment funds in
the H shares of the Company listed on Stock Exchange through the Southbound Trading, the tax levied on dividends derived
from such investment shall be ascertained by reference to the rules applicable to the treatment of individual income tax. The
Company is not required to withhold income tax on dividends derived by the Mainland enterprise investors under the
Southbound Trading, and such enterprises shall report the income and make tax payment by themselves.
058 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Should the shareholders of the H shares of the Company have any doubt in relation to the aforesaid arrangements, they are
recommended to consult their tax advisors for relevant tax impact in mainland China, Hong Kong and other countries (regions)
on the possession and disposal of the H shares of the Company.



DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY
The following table sets out information concerning the directors and senior management of the Company as at the date of
this report:

    Name                                 Position in the Company                                Date of the first appointment
                                                                 1
    Wang Xiaochu                         Honorary Chairman                                      8 April 2008
    Zhang Zhiyong                        Chairman                                               16 March 2018
                                         Executive Director                                     16 March 20182
    Si Furong                            Executive Director                                     21 February 2014
                                         President                                              19 December 2013
    Zhang Xu                             Executive Director                                     13 December 2018
                                         Chief Financial Officer                                14 November 2018
                                         Executive Vice President                               14 November 2018
    Siu Wai Keung, Francis               Independent Non-executive Director                     28 June 2012
    Lv Tingjie                           Independent Non-executive Director                     26 June 2015
    Wu Taishi                            Independent Non-executive Director                     26 June 2015
    Liu Linfei                           Independent Non-executive Director                     24 June 2016
    Xu Chuguo                            Executive Vice President                               21 July 2014
    Liang Shiping                        Executive Vice President                               3 March 2010
    Yan Dong                             Executive Vice President                               18 June 2013
                                         Chief Risk Officer
    Chung Wai Cheung, Terence Company Secretary                                                 16 October 2006
                              Deputy Chief Financial Officer


On 20 March 2020, Mr. Li Zhengmao and Mr. Shao Guanglu both resigned as a non-executive director of the Company.

Note:

1
        Honorary Chairman is not a member of the Board and does not have any power or right to vote on any matters considered by the Board.

2
        Mr. Zhang Zhiyong used to work at the Company from 2006 to 2010. During this period, he held various positions of the Company, including President
        of the Company, and an executive director from 12 December 2007 to 21 June 2010.
                                                             China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   059



                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



SUPERVISORS OF THE COMPANY
The following table sets out information concerning the supervisors of the Company as at the date of this report:

  Name                           Position in the Company                        Date of the first appointment

  Han Fang                       Chairperson of the Supervisory Committee 11 December 2015
  Hai Liancheng                  Independent Supervisor                         3 August 2006
  Si Jianfei                     Employee Representative Supervisor             18 June 2013


Profiles of the directors, supervisors and senior management are set out in the “Profiles of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management” section of this annual report.

The Company has received, from each of the independent non-executive directors, an annual confirmation of his
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited (the “Listing Rules”). The Company considers that all of the independent non-executive directors are independent.



SHARE CAPITAL
The Company was incorporated on 30 August 2006. In December 2006, by way of an initial public offering (the “IPO”), the
Company issued 1,484,986,000 H shares with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each at a price of HK$2.20 per share. At the
same time, the promoters of the Company transferred 148,498,600 domestic state-owned shares with a nominal value of
RMB1.00 each to the National Council for Social Security Fund of the PRC (the “NSSF”) and converted them into H shares on
the basis of one domestic share to one H share. Immediately after the IPO, the registered capital of the Company amounted
to RMB5,444,986,000, of which 1,633,484,600 H shares of the Company were listed and traded on the Stock Exchange.

On 9 April 2008, the Company announced the completion of placing a total of 359,365,600 H shares, including an issue of
326,696,000 new H shares and a placement of 32,669,600 H shares on behalf of NSSF upon conversion of the same number
of existing domestic shares of the Company allocated to NSSF by China Telecommunications Corporation (“China Telecom”).
After the completion of placing, the total issued shares of the Company increased to 5,771,682,000 shares, of which
1,992,850,200 shares were H shares.

As disclosed in the prospectus of the Company dated 27 November 2006, China Telecom entered into equity transfer
arrangements with China Mobile Communications Corporation (now known as China Mobile Communications Group Co.,
Ltd. (“China Mobile”)) and China United Telecommunications Corporation (now known as China United Network
Communications Group Company Limited (“China Unicom”)), respectively. Pursuant to the arrangements, China Telecom
agreed to transfer 506,880,000 and 236,300,000 domestic shares to China Mobile and China Unicom, respectively. On 24
March 2009, the equity transfers were formally completed and became effective. On the same date, Guangdong Telecom
Industry Group Corporation and Zhejiang Telecom Industry Corporation completed the transfers of 236,313,086 and
87,664,532 domestic shares, respectively, to China Telecom.

According to the equity transfer agreement between China Telecom and China National Postal and Telecommunications
Appliances Corporation (now known as China National Postal and Telecommunications Appliances Co., Ltd.) on 28 May
2010, China Telecom agreed to transfer 108,899,720 domestic shares of the Company to China National Postal and
Telecommunications Appliances Corporation. On 21 June 2011, the equity transfer was formally completed.
060 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Pursuant to the resolutions passed at the extraordinary general meeting, H shareholders class meeting and the domestic
shareholders class meeting of the Company held on 28 June 2011 and as approved by domestic and overseas regulatory
authorities, the Company announced the launch of H share and domestic share rights issue plan of an aggregate of
1,154,336,400 new shares, including 398,570,040 H rights shares and 755,766,360 domestic rights shares on the basis of 2
rights shares for every 10 existing shares on 30 December 2011 at the price of HK$3.19 per H rights share and RMB2.59 per
domestic rights share, respectively. On 10 February 2012, dealings in the H rights shares commenced on the Stock Exchange.
After completion of the rights issue, the total number of issued shares of the Company was increased to 6,926,018,400
shares, including 2,391,420,240 H shares and 4,534,598,160 domestic shares.

As at 31 December 2019, the share capital of the Company was RMB6,926,018,400 divided into 6,926,018,400 shares with
a nominal value of RMB1.00 each. The share capital of the Company was comprised of the following:

                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                                        percentage of
                                                                                                          issued share
                                                                                        Number of               capital
  Shares                                                                                   shares                  (%)

  Domestic shares (Total)                                                            4,534,598,160                65.47
  Domestic shares held by:
    China Telecommunications Corporation                                             3,559,362,496                51.39
    China Mobile Communications Group Co., Ltd.                                        608,256,000                 8.78
    China United Network Communications Group Company Limited                          236,300,000                 3.41
    China National Postal and Telecommunications Appliances Co., Ltd.                  130,679,664                 1.89
  H shares (Total)                                                                   2,391,420,240                34.53
  Total                                                                              6,926,018,400              100.00
                                                            China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   061



                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



MATERIAL INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING
SHARES OF THE COMPANY
As at 31 December 2019, the interests or short positions of persons who at any of the Company’s general meetings (excluding
the directors and supervisors of the Company) are entitled to exercise or control the exercise of 5% or more of the voting
power in the shares and underlying shares of equity derivatives of the Company in each class as recorded in the register
required to be maintained under Section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the
“SFO”) were as follows:

                                                                                                   Percentage Percentage
                                                                                                         of the of the total
                                                                                                    respective number of
                                 Class of                                                Number of     class of    shares in
  Name of shareholder            shares       Capacity                                  shares held share (%)     issue (%)

  China Telecommunications       Domestic     Beneficial owner                    3,559,362,496 (L)              78.49           51.39
    Corporation                   shares
  China Mobile Communications Domestic        Beneficial owner                      608,256,000 (L)              13.41               8.78
    Group Co., Ltd.            shares
  China United Network           Domestic     Beneficial owner                      236,300,000 (L)               5.21               3.41
    Communications Group           shares
    Company Limited
  Hermes Investment              H shares     Investment manager                    237,844,000 (L)               9.95               3.43
    Management Ltd
  Citigroup Inc.                 H shares     2,278,674 shares as interests         217,916,399 (L)               9.11               3.15
                                                of controlled corporations
                                                and 215,637,725 shares as
                                                approved lending agent
                                 H shares     Interests of controlled                     808,000 (S)             0.03               0.01
                                                 corporations
                                 H shares     Approved lending agent                215,637,725 (P)               9.01               3.11
  BlackRock, Inc.                H shares     Interests of controlled               191,233,557 (L)               7.99               2.76
                                                 corporations
                                 H shares     Interests of controlled                     224,000 (S)             0.01               0.00
                                                 corporations


Note: (L) — Long Position
      (S) — Short Position
      (P) — Lending Pool


Save as stated above, as at 31 December 2019, in the register required to be maintained under Section 336 of the SFO, no
other persons were recorded as holding any interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the equity
derivatives of the Company.
062 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
As at 31 December 2019, none of the directors and supervisors of the Company had any interests or short positions in the
shares, underlying shares of equity derivatives or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be maintained under Section 352 of the SFO or as
otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by
Directors of Listed Issuers. As at 31 December 2019, the Company had not granted its directors or supervisors, or their
respective spouses or children below the age of 18 any rights to subscribe for the shares or debentures of the Company or
any of its associated corporations and none of them has ever exercised any such right to subscribe for shares or debentures.



PUBLIC FLOAT
As at the date of this annual report, based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the
knowledge of the directors, the Company has maintained the prescribed public float under the Listing Rules.



DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
Each of the directors and supervisors has entered into a service contract with the Company. According to the service contract,
each of the contracts has an initial term of three years and is renewable in accordance with the Articles of Association of the
Company when the initial term expires. These contracts are terminable at the option of either party by giving three months’
notice in writing or according to the terms of the contract prior to the expiry of the contract. No such service contract is not
determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).



PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
The Company has maintained appropriate directors and officers liability insurance coverage for the directors, supervisors and
senior management of the Company during the course of the financial year ended 31 December 2019 and such insurance
remained in force as of the date of this report.



DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS,
ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
Save for the transactions, arrangements or contracts set out in the “Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Conditions and Results of Operations” section and “Directors’ and Supervisors’ Service Contracts”, “Major Customers and
Suppliers”, “Preferential Treatment and Non-competition Arrangement with China Tower Corporation Limited” and
“Continuing Connected Transactions” in the “Report of the Directors” section of this annual report and note 45 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements, no other transaction, arrangement or contract that is significant in relation to the Group’s
business to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a person who was a Director or Supervisor
of the Company or his or her connected entity had, directly or indirectly, a material interest subsisted at any time during the
year ended 31 December 2019.
                                                             China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   063



                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



EMOLUMENTS OF THE DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS
Based on the overall remuneration policy of the Company and with reference to the payroll standard of the same industry
companies in the market, the remuneration of directors and supervisors is determined after taking into account the scope
and complexities of their duties. Please refer to note 12 to the audited financial statements for details of the emoluments of
the directors and supervisors of the Company in 2019.



PURCHASE, SALE AND REDEMPTION OF SHARES
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any securities of the Company during the
reporting period.



SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Please refer to pages 235 to 236 of this annual report for a summary of the operating results, assets and liabilities of the
Group for each of the years in the five-year period ended 31 December 2019.



BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS
Please refer to note 34 to the audited financial statements for details of bank loans and other borrowings of the Group as at
31 December 2019.



PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Please refer to note 16 to the audited financial statements for movements in the fixed assets of the Group for the year ended
31 December 2019.



DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
Please refer to note 48 to the audited financial statements for details of the movements in the reserves of the Company for
the year ended 31 December 2019.
064 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



DONATIONS
For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group made charitable and other donations of a total amount of RMB2.43
million.



SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATED COMPANIES AND JOINT VENTURES
Please refer to note 47 and note 23 to the audited financial statements for details of the Company’s subsidiaries, the
Company’s associated companies and joint ventures as at 31 December 2019.



CHANGES IN EQUITY
Please refer to the consolidated statement of changes in equity contained in the audited financial statements (pages 138 to
139 of this annual report).



PLAN OF EMPLOYEES’ RETIREMENT BENEFITS
Please refer to note 41 to the audited financial statements for details of the retirement benefits provided by the Group.



PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights in the Articles of Association requiring the Company to offer new shares to the
existing shareholders in proportion to their shareholdings.



MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
For the reporting period, the revenue from sales of goods or rendering of services to the five largest customers (including
China Telecom, China Mobile, China Unicom and China Tower) of the Group represented 62.0% of the total revenues of the
Group; of which, the revenue from the largest customer of the Group represented 34.6% of the total revenues of the Group.
The purchases from the five largest suppliers of the Group accounted for less than 2.6% of the total annual purchases of the
Group.

To the knowledge of the Board, other than China Telecom and China Mobile (both of them being the shareholders holding
more than 5% of the issued share capital of the Company), Mr. Zhang Zhiyong and Mr. Si Furong (positions of them setting
out in the “Profiles of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” section of this annual report), none of the directors of
the Company, their close associates, or any shareholder (holding more than 5% of the issued share capital of the Company)
has any interests in such suppliers or customers.
                                                            China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   065



                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



PREFERENTIAL TREATMENT AND NON-COMPETITION ARRANGEMENT WITH
CHINA TOWER CORPORATION LIMITED (“CHINA TOWER”)
In July 2014, China Telecom Corporation Limited, a subsidiary of China Telecom, jointly established China Tower with China
Mobile and China Unicom. Pursuant to the relevant arrangements for the establishment of China Tower, China Tower has
indicated to the Company that:

1    on condition that it will not result in a breach by China Telecom and the Company of the Non-Competition Agreement
     signed between them, when China Tower invites public tender for the design, construction, supervision and
     maintenance of its telecommunications towers and related ancillary facilities, China Tower will select the Company on a
     preferential basis, provided that the terms are the same;

2.   in the event of an injection of telecommunications assets into China Tower (acquisition by China Tower), the existing
     maintenance agreements entered into between the Company and the respective promoters of China Tower will remain
     valid. Upon the expiration of such maintenance agreements and when China Tower invites tender for the maintenance
     services, China Tower will consider the Company on a preferential basis, provided that the terms are the same; and

3.   China Tower will not compete in contravention of the contents of the Non-Competition Agreement.



CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
China Telecom is the controlling shareholder of the Company. Pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, the transactions
between the Group and China Telecom and its subsidiaries (excluding the Group and including China Telecom Corporation
Limited, collectively the “China Telecom Group”) constitute connected transactions of the Group. The Group has entered
into several connected transaction agreements with certain connected persons of the Group as described in the paragraphs
below. The Company has complied with the disclosure requirements of the connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules.



CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND
CHINA TELECOM
The Company and China Telecom entered into seven continuing connected transactions agreements on 29 September 2015
to govern the continuing connected transactions between the Group and China Telecom Group. These agreements include
the Engineering Framework Agreement, the Ancillary Telecommunications Services Framework Agreement, the Operation
Support Services Framework Agreement, the IT Application Services Framework Agreement, the Centralized Services
Agreement, the Property Leasing Framework Agreement and the Supplies Procurement Services Framework Agreement (the
“2015 Agreements”). Each of the 2015 Agreements had an initial term expired on 31 December 2018 and, subject to
approval from the shareholders (if applicable), the 2015 Agreements would be automatically renewed for a further period of
no more than three years each time, unless terminated by either party by giving a written notice three months in advance. All
of the 2015 Agreements (excluding the Centralized Services Agreement and the Property Leasing Framework Agreement that
did not require independent shareholders’ approval under the Listing Rules) were approved by the independent shareholders
of the Company at the extraordinary general meeting held on 11 December 2015.

On 28 September 2018, the Company based on the 2015 Agreements and entered into supplemental agreements with
China Telecom in respect of the aforementioned seven agreements (the “2018 Supplemental Agreements”) to, among other
things, renew each of the 2015 Agreements for a further term of three years from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2021,
change contact information of China Telecom and adjust the terms related to tender process of the Engineering Framework
Agreement pursuant to the applicable PRC regulations. Other key terms of each of the 2015 Agreements remain unchanged.
066 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Subject to approval from the shareholders (if applicable), the aforementioned seven amended continuing connected
transactions agreements will be automatically renewed for a further period of no more than three years each time, unless
terminated by either party by giving a written notice three months in advance. In connection with the entering into the 2018
Supplemental Agreements, the Company also set new annual caps for the three years ending 31 December 2021 in respect
of the transactions contemplated under the seven continuing connected transactions agreements. The 2018 Supplemental
Agreements and the new annual caps (excluding the new annual caps for the Property Leasing Framework Agreement and
Centralized Services Agreement that did not require any independent shareholders’ approval under the Listing Rules) were
approved by the independent shareholders of the Company at the extraordinary general meeting held on 13 December
2018.

The Board considers that it is in the interest of the Company to enter into the 2018 Supplemental Agreements and cooperate
with China Telecom Group to ensure a stable revenue source from one of the largest telecommunications operators in the
PRC so as to benefit the Company’s future growth and development.

Details of each of the 2018 Supplemental Agreements are set out below.



ENGINEERING FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT AND SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT
Pursuant to the Engineering Framework Agreement, the Company agreed to provide certain engineering related services,
such as design, construction, project supervision and management for telecommunications infrastructure projects undertaken
by China Telecom Group.

The charges for engineering related services rendered under the Engineering Framework Agreement shall be determined at
market price or prices obtained through tender process. According to the supplemental agreement to the Engineering
Framework Agreement entered into between the Company and China Telecom, the parties amended the thresholds which
the project must be determined through tender process under the Engineering Framework Agreement: whenever the value
of any design or project supervision and management project exceeds RMB1 million, or the value of any construction project
exceeds RMB4 million, the award of the relevant project must be subject to a tender process (with a minimum of three parties
tendering bids) in accordance with the Bidding Law of the PRC and Regulation on the Implementation of the Bidding Law of
the PRC, except as otherwise provided by related laws and regulations. The amendments were made in accordance with the
Provisions on Projects Subject to Tender Process issued under the Order No. 16 of the National Development and Reform
Commission of the PRC in March 2018, which increased (i) the threshold for design or project supervision and management
projects that must be determined through tender process from RMB0.5 million to RMB1 million, and (ii) the threshold for
construction project that must be determined through tender process from RMB2 million to RMB4 million. China Telecom
Group (including the Group) has also adjusted the internal guidelines and increased such thresholds accordingly.

In determining the market price, the business and financial department of the relevant subsidiary of the Company shall collect
the relevant market information (including but not limited to the change in price for the same or similar type of services),
review and compare the costs and profits of transactions conducted in the most recent year of the same or similar type
entered into with China Telecom Group or independent third parties, and prepare fee quotes for review by the marketing
department of the relevant subsidiary of the Company. The marketing department or management of the relevant subsidiary
of the Company shall primarily consider the following factors: (1) cost of service; (2) prices of the same or similar type of
services provided to China Telecom Group by other service providers in the market; (3) prices of the same or similar type of
services provided to China Telecom Group and independent third parties previously by the Company.
                                                                China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   067



                                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The Company will be given priority by China Telecom Group in the provision of the engineering related services except in the
tender process, provided that the terms and conditions offered by independent third parties to China Telecom Group are no
more favorable than those offered by the Company for the same type of services, and in return, the Company has
undertaken to China Telecom Group that the Company shall not provide services to it on terms which are less favorable than
those offered by the Company to independent third parties. The payment for engineering related services provided by the
Company under the Engineering Framework Agreement is normally made in accordance with the work progress of practical
work following the general market practice in the industry.



ANCILLARY TELECOMMUNICATIONS SERVICES FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT AND
SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT
Pursuant to the Ancillary Telecommunications Services Framework Agreement, the Company agreed to provide to China
Telecom Group certain ancillary telecommunications services such as maintenance of network facilities including equipment,
ducts and cables, server rooms and base stations; distribution of telecommunications products and services; provision of
comprehensive logistics services, including purchasing agent, warehousing, transportation, delivery, testing and inspection,
logistics information management and distribution; provision of application, content and other services such as fixed-line
value added services, wireless value added services, Internet value added services, and electronic authentication.

The Ancillary Telecommunications Services Framework Agreement stipulates that the Ancillary Telecommunications Services
shall be provided at:

(1)   market price. In determining the market price, the business and financial department of the relevant subsidiary of the
      Company shall collect the relevant market information (including but not limited to the change in price for the same or
      similar type of services), review and compare the costs and profits of transactions conducted in the most recent year of
      the same or similar type entered into with China Telecom Group or independent third parties, and prepare fee quotes
      for review by the marketing department of the relevant subsidiary of the Company. The marketing department or
      management of the relevant subsidiary of the Company shall primarily consider the following factors: (i) cost of service; (ii)
      prices of the same or similar type of services provided to China Telecom Group by other service providers in the market;
      (iii) prices of the same or similar type of services provided to China Telecom Group and independent third parties
      previously by the Company;

(2)   in the absence of market price or where the market price cannot be determined, the price shall be agreed between
      both parties, which shall be the aggregate amount of reasonable costs, the relevant taxes in sales and reasonable
      profits. In determining such costs and profits, the business and financial departments of the relevant subsidiary of the
      Company will (i) review and compare the costs and profit margins of similar and comparable transactions conducted in
      the most recent year entered into with China Telecom Group or independent third parties, or (ii) where such
      comparison is not practicable, consider for reference the recent profit margins of comparable enterprises engaging in
      providing similar services in the relevant industry. Factors considered would also include, but not limited to, the scale of
      the comparable enterprises, quality of services, transaction size, supply and demand, labor cost, local commodity prices
      and economic development levels.

The Company will be given priority by China Telecom Group in the provision of the ancillary telecommunications services,
provided that the terms and conditions offered by independent third parties to China Telecom Group are no more favorable
than those offered by the Company for the same services. In return, the Company has undertaken to China Telecom Group
that the Company and its subsidiaries shall not provide ancillary telecommunications services to it on terms which are less
favorable than those offered by the Company to independent third parties. Subject to the terms and conditions set out
above, the payment for the ancillary telecommunications services is made in the manner provided for in each specific contract
entered into between the parties with reference to the market practices.
068 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



OPERATION SUPPORT SERVICES FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT AND
SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT
The Operation Support Services Framework Agreement governs the arrangements between the Group and China Telecom
Group with respect to mutual provision of operation support services. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company agreed to
provide to China Telecom Group operation support services, including but not limited to facilities management and
renovation, network facilities management in relation to buildings used for telecommunications purposes, human resources
management, equipment maintenance, advertisement, conferencing services, vehicles, and certain repair and leasing of
equipment. China Telecom Group also agreed to provide operation support services such as logistics services, warehousing,
medical care, food and beverages, education, hotel and travelling services, labor services and so on to the Company.

The Operation Support Services Framework Agreement shall adopt the same pricing policy as the Ancillary
Telecommunications Services Framework Agreement. In addition, in determining the market price of the operation support
services provided to the Company by the China Telecom Group, the Company primarily considered the following factors: (i)
prices of the same or similar type of services provided to the Company by other service providers in the market; (ii) prices of
the same or similar type of services provided to the Company by China Telecom Group and independent third parties
previously. Subject to the terms and conditions set out above, the payment for the operation support services is made in the
manner provided for in each specific contract entered into between the parties with reference to the market practices.

Each of the parties to the Operation Support Services Framework Agreement will accord priority to the other party in the
provision of the operation support services, provided that the terms and conditions offered by independent third parties to
the relevant party are no more favorable than those offered by the other party for the same services, and in return, each of
the parties has undertaken to the other that it shall not provide services to the other on terms which are less favorable than
those offered to independent third parties.



IT APPLICATION SERVICES FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT AND SUPPLEMENTAL
AGREEMENT
The IT Application Services Framework Agreement governs the arrangements between the Group and China Telecom Group
with respect to mutual provision of IT application services. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company agreed to provide China
Telecom Group with telecommunications network support services, software and hardware development and other related IT
services. China Telecom Group also agreed to provide to the Company certain IT application services including voice and
data, value added services and information application services.

The IT Application Services Framework Agreement shall adopt the same pricing policy as the Engineering Framework
Agreement. In addition, in determining the market price of the IT application services provided to the Company by the China
Telecom Group, the Company primarily considers the following factors: (i) prices of the same or similar type of services
provided to the Company by other service providers in the market; (ii) prices of the same or similar type of services provided
to the Company by China Telecom Group and independent third parties previously. Subject to the terms and conditions set
out above, the payment for the IT application service is made in the manner provided for in each specific contract entered
into between the parties with reference to the market practices.

Each of the parties to the IT Application Services Framework Agreement will accord priority to the other party in the provision
of the IT application services, provided that the terms and conditions offered by independent third parties to the relevant
party are no more favorable than those offered by the other party for the same services, and in return, each of the parties has
undertaken to the other that it shall not provide services to the other on terms which are less favorable than those offered to
independent third parties.
                                                             China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   069



                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



CENTRALIZED SERVICES AGREEMENT AND SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT
Pursuant to the Centralized Services Agreement, the centralized services to be provided by the Company to China Telecom
Group include:

(1)   the corporate headquarters management function to manage assets of China Telecom’s certain retained specialized
      telecommunications support businesses in the PRC (other than the Group) and any remaining assets, such as hotels,
      manufacturing plants, schools and hospitals which are not in association with the specialized telecommunications
      support businesses in the primary service areas of the Group; and

(2)   the provincial headquarters management function to manage remaining assets of China Telecom in the primary service
      areas of the Group.

Except as otherwise agreed by the parties, the aggregate administrative expenses incurred by the Company for the provision
of the centralized services referred to above (all expenses incurred in connection with the above-mentioned headquarters
management functions excluding remuneration for the Directors, share appreciation rights and provision of bad debts) will be
apportioned pro rata between the Company and China Telecom Group according to the proportional net asset value of each
of the relevant parties.



PROPERTY LEASING FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT AND SUPPLEMENTAL
AGREEMENT
The Property Leasing Framework Agreement governs the arrangements with respect to the mutual leasing of properties
between the Group and China Telecom Group. China Telecom Group currently lease from the Company and its subsidiaries
certain properties for use as business premises, offices, equipment storage facilities and sites for network equipment. The
Company and its subsidiaries also lease from China Telecom Group certain properties for use as business premises, offices
and equipment storage facilities. These arrangements fall within the Property Leasing Framework Agreement.

The rental charges in respect of each property are determined at market price. In determining the market price, the business
and financial department of the relevant subsidiary of the Company shall collect the relevant market information (including
but not limited to the change in price for the same or similar type of services), review and compare the costs and profits of
transactions conducted in the most recent year of the same or similar type entered into with China Telecom Group or
independent third parties, and prepare fee quotes for review by the marketing department of the relevant subsidiary of the
Company. The marketing department or management of the relevant subsidiary of the Company shall primarily consider the
following factors: (1) cost of property depreciation; (2) rental charges of the same or similar type of property provided to
China Telecom Group and the Company by independent third parties in the market; (3) rental charges of the same or similar
type of property provided to China Telecom Group and independent third parties by the Company previously, or rental
charges of the same or similar type of property provided to the Company by China Telecom Group and independent third
parties previously. Rental charges are payable monthly in arrears, except as otherwise agreed by the parties. Both parties will
review the rental every three years and decide, after negotiation, on whether to adjust the rental charges and the amount of
such adjustment.
070 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



SUPPLIES PROCUREMENT SERVICES FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT AND
SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT
Pursuant to the Supplies Procurement Services Framework Agreement, the Company agreed to provide to China Telecom
Group with comprehensive supplies procurement services, including, among others, (i) procurement of imported
telecommunications supplies, domestic telecommunications supplies and domestic non-telecommunications supplies; (ii)
agency services of supplies procurement; (iii) sales of telecommunications supplies manufactured by the Group; (iv) resale of
supplies purchased from independent third parties; and (v) management of biddings, verification of technical specifications,
warehousing, transportation and installation services. According to the same agreement, China Telecom agreed to provide to
the Group with comprehensive supplies procurement services, including, among others, (i) sales of telecommunications
supplies manufactured by China Telecom Group, (ii) resale of supplies purchased from independent third parties; (iii) agency
services of supplies procurement; and (iv) warehousing, transportation and installation services.

The price for the provision of comprehensive supplies procurement services under the Supplies Procurement Services
Framework Agreement is determined as follows:

(1)   1% of the contract value at the maximum for procurement services relating to imported telecommunications supplies;

(2)   3% of the contract value at the maximum for procurement services relating to domestic telecommunications supplies
      and other domestic non-telecommunications materials;

(3)   for other services:

      (i)    market price. In determining the market price, the business and financial department of the relevant subsidiary of
             the Company shall collect the relevant market information (including but not limited to the change in price for
             the same or similar type of services), review and compare the costs and profits of transactions conducted in the
             most recent year of the same or similar type entered into with China Telecom Group or independent third parties,
             and prepare fee quotes for review by the marketing department of the relevant subsidiary of the Company. The
             marketing department or management of the relevant subsidiary of the Company shall primarily consider the
             following factors: (i) cost of service; (ii) prices of the same or similar type of services provided to China Telecom
             Group or the Company by other service providers in the market; (iii) prices of the same or similar type of services
             provided to China Telecom Group and independent third parties by the Company, or prices of the same or similar
             type of services provided to the Company by China Telecom Group and independent third parties;

      (ii)   in the absence of market price or where the market price cannot be determined, the price shall be agreed
             between both parties, which shall be the aggregate amount of reasonable costs, the taxes in sales and reasonable
             profits. In determining such price, the business and financial department of the relevant subsidiary of the
             Company will review and compare the costs and profits of transactions conducted in the most recent year of the
             same or similar type entered into with China Telecom Group or independent third parties, take into account
             factors such as historical price, transaction size, average profit ratio within the relevant industry, supply and
             demand, labor cost, local commodity prices and economic development levels, and prepare fee proposals for
             review by the marketing department of the relevant subsidiary of the Company.

The Group will be given priority by China Telecom Group in the provision of comprehensive logistics services, provided that
the terms and conditions offered by independent third parties to China Telecom Group are no more favorable than those
offered by the Company for the same services, and in return, the Company has undertaken to China Telecom that the
Company and its subsidiaries shall not provide supplies procurement related comprehensive logistic services to it on terms
which are less favorable than those offered by the Company and its subsidiaries to independent third parties.
                                                             China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   071



                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND
CHINA TELECOM GROUP FINANCE CO., LTD. (”CHINA TELECOM FINANCE”)
On 1 February 2019, the Company and China Telecom Finance entered into the Financial Services Framework Agreement
(“Financial Services Framework Agreement”). The Financial Services Framework Agreement was with effect from 1 February
2019 until 31 December 2021. Subject to the compliance with relevant laws and regulations and relevant regulatory
requirements, both parties shall negotiate and agree on the renewal arrangement. Upon the Financial Services Framework
Agreement becoming effective, each of the services under the Financial Services Framework Agreement, except the deposit
services, can be provided by China Telecom Finance to the Group immediately in accordance with the business scope of
China Telecom Finance as approved by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Committee (“CBIRC”). The deposit
services under the Financial Services Framework Agreement and the annual cap were approved by the independent
shareholders of the Company at the extraordinary general meeting held on 18 April 2019.

China Telecom Finance was jointly established by China Telecom, China Telecom Corporation Limited (“China Telecom
Corporation”) and the Company, representing 15%, 70% and 15% of the total registered capital of China Telecom Finance,
respectively. Given China Telecom is the controlling shareholder of the Company, China Telecom Corporation is a subsidiary
of China Telecom, and thus China Telecom Finance is a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing
Rules as an associate of the Company’s substantial shareholder. Accordingly, the transaction under the Financial Services
Framework Agreement constitutes a continuing connected transaction of the Company. Details of the Financial Services
Framework Agreements are set out below.



FINANCIAL SERVICES FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT
Pursuant to the Financial Services Framework Agreement, China Telecom Finance has agreed to provide financial services to
the Group, including deposit services, loan services and other financial services. The Group and China Telecom Finance will
cooperate on a non-exclusive basis, and the Group may select at its discretion other financial institutions to provide the
relevant financial services. The terms of the financial services offered to the Group by China Telecom Finance shall be
equivalent to or more favorable than those offered to the Group by the major cooperative commercial banks of the Group
for the financial services in the same period and of the same type. China Telecom Finance shall provide the following financial
services to the Group in accordance with the major terms set out above, with relevant pricing policies as below:


(i) Deposit Services
     The deposit interest rates offered by China Telecom Finance to the Group shall comply with the relevant requirements
     of the People’s Bank of China and be with reference to the deposit benchmark interest rates promulgated by the
     People’s Bank of China from time to time (if any) and the deposit interest rates offered by the major cooperative
     commercial banks of the Group for the deposit services in the same period and of the same type, and the deposit
     services shall be conducted on normal commercial terms or better. The deposit interest rates offered by China Telecom
     Finance shall be equivalent to or higher than those provided by the major cooperative commercial banks of the Group.
     Under the same conditions, the interest rates of the deposits services provided by China Telecom Finance to the Group
     shall be the same as those offered by China Telecom Finance to other member companies of China Telecom for the
     deposit services in the same period and of the same type.
072 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(ii) Loan Services
      The loan interest rates offered by China Telecom Finance to the Group shall comply with the relevant requirements of
      the People’s Bank of China and be with reference to the loan benchmark interest rates promulgated by the People’s
      Bank of China from time to time (if any) and the loan interest rates offered by the major cooperative commercial banks
      of the Group for the loan services in the same period and of the same type, and the loan services shall be conducted on
      normal commercial terms or better. The loan interest rates offered by China Telecom Finance shall be equivalent to or
      lower than those provided by the major cooperative commercial banks of the Group. Under the same conditions, the
      interest rates of the loan services provided by China Telecom Finance to the Group shall be the same as those offered
      by China Telecom Finance to other member companies of China Telecom for the loan services in the same period and
      of the same type. The Group will not be required by China Telecom Finance to provide guarantee by any of the Group’s
      assets or through other means for the loan services provided to the Group.


(iii) Other Financial Services
      China Telecom Finance will provide financial services (other than deposit and loan services) including financial and
      financing advice, credit authentication, guarantees, bill acceptance and discounting, fund transfer and settlement and
      designs of relevant settlement and clearance arrangement to the Group under the Financial Services Framework
      Agreement. The fees charged for providing the other financial services mentioned above by China Telecom Finance to
      the Group shall comply with the fees standard promulgated by regulatory authorities including the People’s Bank of
      China or the CBIRC (if applicable), and with reference to the handling fees standard charged by the major cooperative
      commercial banks of the Group for the other financial services of the same type, and the other financial services shall
      be conducted on normal commercial terms or better. The handling fees standard shall be equivalent to or lower than
      those charged by the major cooperative commercial banks of the Group. Under the same conditions, the fees standard
      charged to the Group by China Telecom Finance shall be the same as those charged to other member companies of
      China Telecom by China Telecom Finance for the other financial services of the same type.

      For each of the specific transactions with China Telecom Finance under the Financial Services Framework Agreement,
      China Telecom Finance has been appointed as one of the financial institutions to provide financial services to the Group
      under the terms and conditions of the Financial Services Framework Agreement. Prior to entering into any specific
      agreements with China Telecom Finance in respect of the transactions under the Financial Service Framework
      Agreement, the Group will compare the rates or fees and the other relevant transaction terms (e.g. transaction approval
      conditions, procedures or time limit) offered by China Telecom Finance with those offered by the major cooperative
      commercial banks of the Group for the deposits, loans or other financial services in the same period and of the same
      type. Only when the rates or fees or the other relevant transaction terms offered by China Telecom Finance are
      equivalent to or more favorable than those offered by the major cooperative commercial banks of the Group, the
      Group may enter into transactions with China Telecom Finance at its discretion. Under the circumstances which the
      Group considers appropriate, the Group may engage additional or other financial institutions other than China Telecom
      Finance to provide financial services.
                                                     China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   073



                                                                   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The following table sets out the annual caps and actual amounts of the above-mentioned continuing connected
transactions of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2019:

                                                                                                              Unit: RMB million

                                                                                        Year ending              Year ending
                                                         Year ended                    31 December              31 December
                                                      31 December 2019                         2020                     2021
                                                       Annual     Actual                     Annual                   Annual
                                                          Caps Amounts                         Caps                     Caps

 Transactions with China Telecom

 Engineering related services provided to China
   Telecom Group                                         26,000         16,386                  33,000                  35,000

 Ancillary telecommunications services provided
   to China Telecom Group                                20,000         14,758                  24,000                  27,000

 Operations support service provided to/by China
  Telecom Group
   Revenue                                                3,800          3,568                    4,000                   4,200

   Expenditure                                            1,600             736                   2,000                   2,400

 IT application services provided to/by China
   Telecom Group
   Revenue                                                3,600          3,095                    4,300                   5,000

   Expenditure                                              500             154                     500                       500

 Centralized services provided to China Telecom
  Group                                                     450             370                     450                       450

 Property leasing provided to/by China Telecom
   Group
   Revenue                                                  230             129                     240                       250

   Expenditure                                              270             203                     300                       330

 Supplies procurement services provided to/by
   China Telecom Group
   Revenue                                                6,000          2,697                    6,500                   7,000

   Expenditure                                            5,000          1,121                    5,200                   5,400
 Transactions with China Telecom Finance
 Maximum daily balance of deposits under the
  deposit services provided by China Telecom
  Finance (including the interest accrued thereon)        7,500          2,148                    8,000                   8,500
074 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      The independent non-executive directors of the Company have confirmed that all the continuing connected
      transactions for the year ended 31 December 2019 to which the Group was a party:

      1.     had been entered into by the Group in the ordinary and usual course of business;

      2.     had been entered into on normal commercial terms or better; and

      3.     had been entered into according to the agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in
             the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

      The independent non-executive directors have further confirmed that:

      The values of the continuing connected transactions entered into between the Group and its connected persons which
      are subject to annual caps have not exceeded their respective annual caps or revised annual caps.

      The auditors of the Company have performed procedures in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance
      Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial
      Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under
      the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants on the continuing
      connected transactions and issued a letter to the Board to advise that:

      1.     nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the continuing connected transactions
             disclosed above have not been approved by the Board;

      2.     for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention
             that causes them to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing
             policies of the Company;

      3.     nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the transactions were not entered into, in all
             material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions;

      4.     with respect to the actual amount of each of the continuing connected transactions, nothing has come to their
             attention that causes them to believe that those actual amounts have exceeded the annual caps.

      Save as disclosed above, none of other related-party transactions set out in the note 45 of the consolidated financial
      statements constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions that are required to be disclosed
      under the Listing Rules.



COMPLIANCE WITH CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
Please see the “Corporate Governance Report” set out in this annual report for details of our compliance with the Corporate
Governance Code.



MATERIAL LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Except for the disclosure in this annual report, as at 31 December 2019, so far as the directors are aware, the Company was
not involved in any material litigation or arbitration and no material litigation or claims had been made against, or were
pending or threatened against the Company.
                                                             China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   075



                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
As most of the Group’s operations are located in China, the outbreak of the 2019 Novel Coronavirus (“COVID-19”) in China
and the subsequent quarantine measures imposed by the Chinese government, the Group complied with government policy
guidelines and stopped certain of its operation activities, which have had an impact on the Group’s business to a certain
extent. With the adjustment of government quarantine measures, the Group had resumed operation activities successively
since March 2020.

The Group will keep continuous attention on the developments of and changes in this situation, timely assess and actively
respond to its impacts on the financial position, operating results and other aspects of the Group.



RISK FACTORS
The following section lists out the principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group. It is a non-exhaustive list and there
may be other risks and uncertainties further to the key risk areas outlined below.


1.   The business of the Group may be affected by the economic, political and social
     conditions as well as government policies in China
     As substantially all businesses, assets and operations of the Group are located in China, the Group’s operating results,
     financial status and business prospect depend on the economic, political and social developments of China to a large
     extent.

     In recent years, China is one of the countries with the fastest pace of economic growth around the globe in terms of
     GDP. However, the current growth rate may not be sustainable. Moreover, any future disaster, such as natural disaster
     and outbreak of epidemics would potentially slow down the level of economic activities, and in turn affect the
     economic growth of China, Asia and even the world. If any of the above mentioned reasons causes serious economic
     downturn in China, or causes the Group could not carry out and deliver its businesses normally, the Group’s financial
     status, operating results and prospect may be adversely affected.


2.   The business of the Group hinges on the investment and operating conditions in
     the Chinese telecommunications sector
     Demands in the Group’s services will be affected by the level of capital expenditures of the fixed-line, broadband and
     mobile telecommunications infrastructure of the telecommunications operators in China. Such decreases in capital
     expenditures may have adverse effect to the Group’s revenue and profits.

     Moreover, in the event that the competition in the Chinese telecommunications sector continues to intensify, the
     telecommunications operator customers of the Group may be under the pressure to reduce prices of their products or
     services, thus leading to the decrease in their revenue. If that happens, such telecommunications customers may reduce
     the service fees to our Company in relation to certain businesses for cost cutting, with a view to maintaining their
     profitability.
076 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


3.    The business of the Group is working capital intensive in respect of services
      offered to customers
      During our course of business, the Group shall incur considerable working capital expenditures to make procurements
      for goods and services required for the provision of services to the clients of the Group and for the completion of
      projects. In the past, the Company has satisfied the working capital needs primarily by cash from operating activities
      and its own fund. A deficiency in working capital may affect the Group’s business, financial status and operating
      results. Moreover, the Group’s customers may delay payment or default in accounts receivables, which may have
      adverse effect on the cash flows, working capital, financial status and operating results of the Company.


4.    The Group is under certain risks in relation to international business and
      operation
      The Group is dedicated in expanding into overseas market and strategically expanding overseas operations. The
      expansion into markets outside China will subject us to considerable risks, including differences in business
      environment, high entry barrier imposed on foreign enterprises, existing market players, exchange rate fluctuations,
      legal and regulatory requirements, potentially unfavorable tax liabilities, inexperience in new markets, competition in
      the local markets and protectionism.

      Part of our business is conducted overseas and mainly located in developing countries and regions, where the local
      political and economic conditions are often unstable and such factors are beyond our control. As we have engaged in
      overseas business, we are subject to various risks related to the countries and regions where we operate.



AUDITORS
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP were engaged as the international
and domestic auditors of the Company respectively for the year ended 31 December 2019. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu and
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP have audited the accompanying financial statements, which were
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards. A resolution for the reappointment of Deloitte
Touche Tohmatsu and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the international and domestic auditors
of the Company for the year ending 31 December 2020 will be proposed at the upcoming AGM.




By order of the Board
Zhang Zhiyong
Chairman

Beijing, PRC
31 March 2020
                                                             China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   077



                     REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE


Dear Shareholders,

During the reporting period, all members of the Supervisory Committee conscientiously performed their supervisory duties
and earnestly safeguarded the interests of the shareholders and the Company in accordance with the relevant requirements
including the PRC Company Law and the Articles of Association of the Company.

During the reporting period, the Supervisory Committee convened two meetings. At the first meeting of the fifth session of
the Supervisory Committee convened on 23 March 2019, we reviewed and approved proposals such as the Company’s 2018
financial report, profit allocation and dividend distribution plan, auditors’ report issued by the external auditors, the
Company’s work report on internal control for 2018 and work plan for 2019, the work report of the Supervisory Committee
for 2018 and the work plan of the Supervisory Committee for 2019 and formed resolutions. At the second meeting of the
fifth session of the Supervisory Committee convened on 23 August 2019, we reviewed and approved proposals such as the
Unaudited Interim Financial Report for 2019, the Report on the Review of the Interim Financial Report for 2019 issued by the
external auditors and the internal control work report for the first half of 2019 and work plan for the second half and formed
resolutions. The meetings of the Supervisory Committee provided management suggestions to the continuous enhancement
of internal management and risk prevention of the Group. During the reporting period, the members of the Supervisory
Committee attended the board meetings for 2019, general meetings and audit committee meetings of the Company. By
attending these meetings, the Supervisory Committee supervised significant decision making of the Company and the duty
performance of the members of the Board and senior management.

The Supervisory Committee is of the opinion that during the reporting period, the Company continued to innovate and
transform and allocate resources pursuant to the needs of the markets, strengthened corporate governance and fulfilled
social responsibilities. In 2019, the Company’s total revenues amounted to RMB117,413 million and net profit amounted to
RMB3,049 million, which reached a record high.

The Supervisory Committee is of the opinion that, in 2019, all members of the Board and senior management of the
Company complied with applicable laws and regulations, and performed their duties in accordance with the Articles of
Association of the Company. They have also safeguarded the interests of the shareholders, earnestly implemented various
resolutions of the general meetings and the board meetings, and operated strictly in accordance with the regulatory
requirements for a listed company. The Supervisory Committee was not aware of any violation of relevant PRC laws and
regulations and the Articles of Association, or any acts which would prejudice the interests of the Company.

The Supervisory Committee carefully reviewed the information intended to be submitted by the Board of Directors to the
general meeting such as the financial report of the Company for 2019 which were prepared according to relevant
requirements and issued with unqualified opinion by the external auditors. The Supervisory Committee is of the opinion that
the financial report gives an objective and true view of the Company’s financial position and operating results.

In 2020, the Supervisory Committee will continue to comply with the relevant requirements of the PRC Company Law and
the Articles of Association of the Company strictly and assume the responsibilities of safeguarding the interests of the
shareholders and the benefits of the Company, to focus on the supervision of the Company’s implementation of its
commitment to shareholders and to expand our scope of work approach, with a view to enhancing our supervision and
inspection efforts in major adjustment events and important operating activities and duly perform our duties in a thoughtful
manner.

By order of the Supervisory Committee
Han Fang
Chairperson of the Supervisory Committee

Beijing, PRC
27 March 2020
078 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Company is committed to maintaining sound corporate governance standards and procedures to ensure the
completeness, transparency and quality of its information disclosure, and strives to achieve more standardized operational
procedures and effective management, so as to safeguard shareholders’ interests to the greatest extent.



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
As a joint stock limited company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”), the Company has not only complied with the relevant provisions of the Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”), but also abided by the
PRC Company Law and other applicable laws, regulations and regulatory requirements of Hong Kong and the PRC as basic
guidelines for the Company’s corporate governance. While strictly complying with relevant laws and regulations, the Group is
continually striving to further strengthen its internal control and risk management systems in order to improve its corporate
governance standards and transparency.

The Board is responsible for performing corporate governance duties, including developing and reviewing the Company’s
policies and practices on corporate governance; reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional
development of directors and senior management as well as the Company’s policies and practices in compliance with legal
and regulatory requirements; developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable
to employees and directors; and reviewing the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure
in the Corporate Governance Report.

The Company has been recognized by capital market for its sound corporate governance over the years. In 2019, the
Company was awarded “The Best of Asia — Icon on Corporate Governance” and “Asian Corporate Director” by Corporate
Governance Asia. Moreover, the Company was also awarded the “Gold Award — Corporate Governance, Social
Responsibility and Investor Relations” by The Asset.

Throughout the year ended 31 December 2019, the Company has complied with the code provisions as set out in the
Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules.
                                                   China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   079



                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



CORPORATE STRUCTURE OF THE COMPANY




                                            General Meeting
   Strategy Committee
                                                                                             Supervisory
   Audit Committee
                                                                                             Committee
   Remuneration
   Committee                                Board of Directors

   Nomination
   Committee

   Non-competition
   Undertaking                                  Chairman
   Review Committee

   Right of First
   Refusal and                                  President
   Priority Right
   Committee


                                         Executive Vice Presidents




   Corporate    Marketing     Human          Finance     Risk     Domestic    Overseas                        Investor
    Affairs    Department    Resources     Department Management Non-telecom  Business                        Relations
  Department                Department                Department  Operator   Department                      Department
                                                                   Business
                                                                 Department
080 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



GENERAL MEETING
Pursuant to the Company’s Articles of Association, the general meetings are classified as annual general meeting (the “AGM”)
and extraordinary general meeting (the “EGM”). The AGM is convened once a year and within six months after the end of a
financial year. A resolution will be proposed for consideration in respect of each independent matter. The details of the voting
procedures will be set out in the notices of the general meetings in accordance with the provisions of the Articles of
Association and the Listing Rules. In accordance with the Listing Rules, all the resolutions were voted by poll in the general
meeting held in 2019.

For the EGM of 2019, a physical meeting was held in Beijing on 18 April 2019, at which the resolution regarding the non-
exempt continuing connected transactions and proposed annual caps under the Financial Services Framework Agreement
entered into between the Company and China Telecom Group Finance Co., Ltd. were considered and approved. Pursuant to
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, China Telecom, being a connected person to the Company, abstained from voting on the
resolution related to the connected transactions. Shareholders and authorized proxies representing 76.96% of the total
voting shares of the Company were present at the EGM, and the percentage of votes cast in favour of that resolution was
68.48%.

For the 2018 AGM, a physical meeting was held in Beijing on 21 June 2019, at which the resolutions, including the 2018
financial statements, profit distribution proposal and dividend declaration proposal, appointment of auditors, report of the
Directors, and report of the Supervisory Committee were considered and approved. Shareholders and authorized proxies
representing 87.04% of the total voting shares of the Company were present at the AGM, and the percentage of votes cast
in favour of each resolution was over 78%.

The above resolutions at the general meetings were approved and passed by shareholders, and details of the relevant poll
results were published on the websites of the Company and “HKExnews” of the Stock Exchange.



SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS TO CONVENE GENERAL MEETINGS AND SUBMIT
PROPOSALS AT GENERAL MEETINGS
Pursuant to Article 8.24 of the Company’s Articles of Association, shareholders who request for convening an EGM or a class
meeting shall comply with the following procedures:

(1)   Two (2) or more shareholders holding in aggregate 10% or more of the shares carrying the right to vote at the meeting
      sought to be held shall sign one (1) or more counterpart requisition(s) stating the object of the meeting and requiring
      the Board to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a class meeting thereof. The Board shall as soon as possible
      proceed to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a class meeting thereof after receipt of such requisition(s). The
      amount of shareholdings referred to above shall be calculated as at the date of deposit of the requisition(s).

(2)   If the Board fails to issue a notice of such a meeting within thirty (30) days from the date of receipt of the requisition(s),
      the requisitionists may themselves convene such a meeting (in a manner as similar as possible to the manner in which
      general meetings are convened by the Board) within four (4) months from the date of receipt of the requisition(s) by
      the Board.
                                                            China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   081



                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Pursuant to Article 8.6 of the Company’s Articles of Association, when the Company convenes an AGM, shareholder(s)
holding 5% or more of the total voting shares of the Company shall have the right to submit new proposals in writing, and
the Company shall place such proposals on the agenda for such AGM if they are matters falling within the functions and
powers of shareholders in general meetings.



SHAREHOLDERS’ ENQUIRIES
Enquiries or requisitions to convene a general meeting or submit a proposal pursuant to the Articles of Association of the
Company that the shareholders of the Company wish to make to the Board may be addressed to the Investor Relations
Department of the Company by our shareholders’ hotline at 852-3699 0000 or by email at ir@chinaccs.com.hk.



COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
The Board has adopted the shareholders communication policy, which regulates the Company’s various regular and irregular
daily communication channels with shareholders, including general meeting(s), roadshows and daily meetings. The above
arrangements enable shareholders and investors keep abreast of the latest operating status and development prospects of
the Company, and also enable the Company to get different opinions from the market in an effective and timely way. The
details of the communication with the shareholders are set out in the section of “Investor Relations” of this annual report
and the website of the Company.



BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The leadership and supervision of the Company are vested in the Board, which is responsible for implementing the resolutions
passed in general meetings, overseeing the Group’s businesses and affairs, approving operation plans and investment
proposals, reviewing financial policies and performance, and formulating the basic management systems of the Company.
The Board has delegated to the senior management the powers and responsibilities to conduct the day-to-day management
and operations of the Group and to organize the implementation of the resolutions of the Board, annual business plans and
investment proposals. The senior management must obtain the Board approval before entering into any material transactions.
The Articles of Association of the Company has clearly defined the scope of duties of the Board and the management of the
Company.



CHAIRMAN AND PRESIDENT
Mr. Zhang Zhiyong and Mr. Si Furong take up the position of Chairman and President of the Company, respectively. Mr.
Zhang Zhiyong, our Chairman, is responsible for overseeing the operation of the Board and in charge of the Company’s
overall management. Mr. Si Furong, our President, is responsible for the Company’s daily operation and management.
082 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



COMPOSITION OF THE BOARD AND DIVERSITY POLICY
As of the date of this report, the Board comprised seven directors, including three executive directors (Mr. Zhang Zhiyong,
Mr. Si Furong and Ms. Zhang Xu), and four independent non-executive directors (Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Francis, Mr. Lv Tingjie,
Mr. Wu Taishi and Mr. Liu Linfei).




           COMPOSITION                                                     GENDER
                                                                             Male
                                                                             Female




                         42.9%             57.1%                                         85.7%               14.3%
                             Executive      Independent
                             director       non-executive director


           AGE GROUP                                                       YEARS OF SERVICES IN THE BOARD
               <55
                                                                             28.55%          42.90%             28.55%
               55-60
                                  14.3%
               60 or above                                     28.6%




                                                             57.1%




                                                                             1-3 years           3-5 years       5-7 years


The Company has adopted a board diversity policy, which sets out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board. The
Company’s board diversity policy gives a number of considerations in aspects including skill, knowledge, professional
experience, gender and age. The Board comprises professionals with diversified backgrounds including telecommunications
industry, finance, legal, management and academics, which is in line with the Company’s board diversity policy. The
Nomination Committee of the Board will also review the Board structure at least annually. The Board has four independent
non-executive directors, of which two independent non-executive directors (Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Francis and Mr. Wu Taishi)
possess accounting professional qualification in compliance with Rules 3.10 and 3.10A of Chapter 3 of the Listing Rules. The
profiles of the directors are set out in the “Profiles of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” section of this annual
report and the Company’s website.

As of the date of this report, to the best knowledge of the directors, the members of the Board did not have any financial,
business, family or other material connection with each other, in particular between the Chairman and the President, and all
of them are free to make independent judgments.
                                                              China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   083



                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Company has received the written annual confirmation of independence from each of the independent non-executive
directors pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, and considers all independent non-executive directors to be independent.

Directors devoted sufficient time and efforts to the business of the Company. The Company also requires the directors to
disclose the number of positions they hold in public companies or organizations and provide the Company with the time they
devoted to the relevant positions.

The Company has also arranged appropriate insurance cover in respect of possible legal actions against its directors,
supervisors and senior management.



SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as
set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules to govern securities transactions by the directors and supervisors of the Company.
The Company has made specific enquiries to the directors and supervisors, and each of the directors and supervisors has
confirmed his/her compliance with the Model Code in connection with the transactions of the Company’s securities in the
reporting period.



APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTORS
The Company follows a formal, considered and transparent procedure for the appointments of new directors. The
Nomination Committee of the Board first considers and discusses the nomination and appointment of a new director, and
also based on the board diversity policy and makes recommendations to the Board for decision. The Board shall recommend
the candidate(s) at the general meeting and the candidate(s) shall be elected at the general meeting each for a term of three
years, effective from the date of election. If an independent non-executive director serves more than 9 years in the Company,
his further appointment should be subject to a separate resolution to be approved by shareholders. The papers to
shareholders accompanying that resolution should include the reasons why the Board believes he is still independent and
should be re-elected.

The term of office of the Board members of the Company are three years, commencing from the EGM held on 13 December
2018 approving the fifth session of the Board. The directors of the Company are all eligible for re-election at the expiration of
the term.



MEETINGS OF THE BOARD
Pursuant to the Company’s Articles of Association and the Listing Rules, the Board shall convene at least four meetings a year
to review and approve its financial and operational performance, and consider and approve the overall strategy and policies
of the Company.

The Company Secretary assists the Chairman in preparing the agenda for Board meetings. Unless stipulated otherwise by the
Board in advance, the time and place for any Board meeting shall be notified to all directors at least 14 days prior to the date
of the meeting. The agenda and related documents of the Board meetings will be delivered to all directors at least 3 days
prior to the date of the meeting. The Board and each of the directors may contact the senior management independently if
necessary and obtain additional information from the Company so that the directors can make informed decisions with
relevant information.
084 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


All minutes of the Board meetings record the details of resolutions considered and decisions made, and are kept by meeting
secretary and open for inspection by the directors. A director shall abstain from voting on any board resolution approving any
proposal in which he or any of his associates has a material interest, nor shall he be counted in the quorum present at the
meeting. In 2019, the Board held four meetings. In addition to general matters such as review of the annual and interim
financial statements, dividend distribution, Corporate Governance Report, ESG Report and budget, the Board also considered
the resolutions regarding to amendment of the Audit Committee Charter, the non-exempt continuing connected transactions
under the Financial Services Framework Agreement entered into between the Company and China Telecom Group Finance
Co., Ltd, set up of the Strategy Committee and the high-quality development plan for a hundred-billion enterprise of the
Group. For the resolutions such as the continuing connected transactions and the proposed annual caps, directors with
conflict of interests abstained from voting.

In 2019, the Chairman of the Company had a meeting with the independent non-executive directors without the presence of
other directors.

The attendance record of the Company’s directors in Board meetings, board committee meetings and general meeting(s) in
2019 were as follows:

                                                             Attendance in 2019/Meeting convened during period of appointment
                                                                                               Non-
                                                                                        competition
                                                                                        Undertaking        Independent
                                             Board of           Strategy          Audit     Review               Board
                                             Directors        Committee       Committee Committee            Committee   AGM     EGM

      Executive Directors
      Zhang Zhiyong                                 4/4(1)           1/1              –             –                –     1/1    1/1
      Si Furong                                     4/4              1/1              –             –                –     1/1    1/1
      Zhang Xu                                      4/4(2)             –              –             –                –     1/1    1/1
      Independent Non-executive
         Directors
      Siu Wai Keung, Francis                        4/4                –            2/2           2/2              1/1     1/1    1/1
      Lv Tingjie                                    4/4(3)           1/1            2/2(3)        2/2(3)           1/1     0/1    0/1
      Wu Taishi                                     4/4                –              –             –              1/1     1/1    1/1
      Liu Linfei                                    4/4                –            2/2           2/2              1/1     1/1    1/1
      Resigned Directors
      Li Zhengmao(4)                                4/4(5)           1/1              –             –                –     0/1    0/1
      Shao Guanglu(6)                               4/4(7)           1/1(8)           –             –                –     0/1    0/1


Notes:
(1)      Mr. Zhang Zhiyong appointed another director to attend one meeting.
(2)      Ms. Zhang Xu appointed another director to attend one meeting.
(3)      Mr. Lv Tingjie appointed another director to attend one meeting.
(4)      Mr. Li Zhengmao resigned as a non-executive director of the Company on 20 March 2020.
(5)      Mr. Li Zhengmao appointed another director to attend two meetings.
(6)      Mr. Shao Guanglu resigned as a non-executive director of the Company on 20 March 2020.
(7)      Mr. Shao Guanglu appointed another director to attend two meetings.
(8)      Mr. Shao Guanglu appointed another director to attend one meeting.
                                                             China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   085



                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



DIRECTOR’S TRAINING
Newly appointed directors will receive trainings provided by the Company upon the appointment, so as to ensure that they
have adequate understanding of the Company’s business and they are fully aware of their duties as directors under the laws
and regulations. The Company engaged external lawyers to provide the new directors appointed during the reporting period
with trainings on issues including directors’ duties and the Listing Rules.

The Company distributed board memorandum to directors each month, setting out updates on major business and financial
position of the Company to facilitate the directors to discharge their duties. In addition, the Company also issued latest
information regarding corporate governance and directors’ responsibilities under the Listing Rules and other applicable laws
and regulations to the directors, ensuring their awareness of their responsibilities under the laws and regulations. All the
directors were also encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge
and skills to ensure that their contributions to the Board remain informed and relevant.

In 2019, the training records of the directors of the Company were as follows:

                                                                                                              Read information
                                                                                                                relevant to the
                                                                                                            Company’s industry
                                    Attend training and/                 Give a speech at                and business,director’s
                                   or seminar relevant to         the meeting relevant to                         duties and/or
                                 the Company’s industry           the Company’s industry                 corporate governance;
                                 and business, director’s         and business, director’s                  and/or read regular
                                           duties and/or                    duties and/or                       updates issued
                                   corporate governance             corporate governance                       by the Company

  Executive Directors
  Zhang Zhiyong                                         P                                    P                                        P
  Si Furong                                             P                                    P                                        P
  Zhang Xu                                              P                                    P                                        P
  Independent Non-
     executive Directors
  Siu Wai Keung, Francis                                P                                      —                                      P
  Lv Tingjie                                             —                                   P                                        P
  Wu Taishi                                              —                                     —                                      P
  Liu Linfei                                            P                                      —                                      P
086 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



BOARD COMMITTEES
As an important part of a sound corporate governance practice, the Board has set up five board committees since the listing
of the Company: the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Non-competition
Undertaking Review Committee and the Right of First Refusal and Priority Right Committee, and all of which are responsible
for the supervision of the overall affairs of the Company in various areas and assistance of discharging its responsibilities. All
the five board committees comprise of independent non-executive directors to ensure full expression of independent and
objective views and to fulfill each of its responsibilities of review and supervision. In August 2019, the Company newly set up
a Strategy Committee to further enhance its corporate governance. The list of members of each committee is published on
the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.


Strategy Committee
During the reporting period, the Strategy Committee is chaired by the Chairman of the Company and consists of five
directors, including two executive directors (Mr. Zhang Zhiyong and Mr. Si Furong), the then two non-executive directors (Mr.
Li Zhengmao and Mr. Shao Guanglu) and one independent non-executive director (Mr. Lv Tingjie). The Strategy Committee is
mainly responsible for studying and making recommendations on the mid-to-long-term plan for development strategy,
operating objectives and development direction of the Group. Meeting(s) shall be held at least once a year or as when
necessary according to the Strategy Committee Charter.

In 2019, the Strategy Committee held one meeting and mainly reviewed the resolution of the high-quality development plan
for a hundred-billion enterprise of the Group.


Audit Committee
The Audit Committee consists of three independent non-executive directors: Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Francis (Chairman), who has
accounting or related financial management expertise, Mr. Lv Tingjie and Mr. Liu Linfei. The Audit Committee is mainly
responsible for reviewing the interim and annual financial statements of the Company to ensure a true and fair view of the
state of affairs, reviewing interim and annual results of the Company after consulting with external auditors, and making
recommendations to the Board. In addition, the Audit Committee is also responsible for examining the appointment of
external auditors, considering and supervising the financial reporting procedures and the risk management and internal
control systems of the Company, reviewing the effectiveness of the internal audit of the company, overseeing the execution
of the connected transactions, and also listening to the external auditor’s audit memorandum. The Audit Committee makes
an assessment of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control at least once a year. In addition, the
Audit Committee is also responsible for reviewing the adequacy of resources of the Group’s accounting and financial
reporting function.

In 2019, the Audit Committee passed one written resolution and held two meetings, and mainly reviewed the resolutions of
the amendment of the Audit Committee Charter, the audited financial report of the Company of 2018, interim report of
2019, report on connected transactions, report on internal control and risk management and appointment of independent
auditors. The Audit Committee also met with the external auditors separately to discuss the matters found during the audit
and other issues that might be raised by the auditors.
                                                             China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   087



                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee consists of three independent non-executive directors: Mr. Wu Taishi (Chairman), Mr. Siu Wai
Keung, Francis and Mr. Lv Tingjie. The Remuneration Committee is mainly responsible for making recommendations to the
Board on the Company’s policy and structure for remunerations of all directors, on the establishment of a formal and
transparent procedure for developing remuneration policy and the remuneration packages of directors. In 2019, the
Remuneration Committee did not hold any meeting.


Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee consists of three independent non-executive directors: Mr. Lv Tingjie (Chairman), Mr. Wu Taishi
and Mr. Liu Linfei. The Nomination Committee is mainly responsible for making recommendations to the Board on the
appointment or reappointment of directors and reviewing the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge
and professional experience) of the Board annually. The details of the board diversity policy has been set out under
“Composition of the Board and Diversity Policy” of this section.

In 2019, the Nomination Committee passed one written resolution, and mainly reviewed the resolution regarding the
structure and composition of the Board.


Non-Competition Undertaking Review Committee
The Non-competition Undertaking Review Committee consists of three independent non-executive directors: Mr. Lv Tingjie
(Chairman), Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Francis and Mr. Liu Linfei. The Non-competition Undertaking Review Committee is mainly
responsible for monitoring the implementation of the non-competition undertakings given by China Telecom to the
Company.

In 2019, the Non-competition Undertaking Review Committee held two meetings, and mainly reviewed the implementation
of the non-competition undertakings by China Telecom, and made their recommendations to the Board.

The Company has received a letter issued to the Company by China Telecom stating that they were not in breach of any non-
competition undertakings in 2019. The letter has been reviewed by the Non-competition Undertaking Review Committee and
the Board.


Right of First Refusal and Priority Right Committee
The Right of First Refusal and Priority Right Committee consists of three independent non-executive directors: Mr. Liu Linfei
(Chairman), Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Francis and Mr. Wu Taishi. The Right of First Refusal and Priority Right Committee is mainly
responsible for monitoring the enforcement of the right of first refusal and priority right granted by China Telecom since the
Company was listed and protecting the interests of independent shareholders when such right of first refusal or priority right
is exercised. Meeting(s) are held when necessary according to the Right of First Refusal and Priority Right Committee Charter.
In 2019, the Right of First Refusal and Priority Right Committee did not hold any meeting.
088 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Independent Board Committee
Pursuant to the relevant requirements under the Listing Rules, a listed company shall establish an Independent Board
Committee (which shall consist only of independent non-executive directors) to advise independent shareholders in relation
to transactions that are subject to independent shareholder’s approval (such as connected transactions) as to whether the
terms of the relevant transaction or arrangement are fair and reasonable and whether such a transaction or arrangement is in
the interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.

The Company held an Independent Board Committee meeting on 1 February 2019, at which all independent non-executive
directors of the Company attended. The Independent Board Committee mainly reviewed the resolution regarding the non-
exempt continuing connected transactions under the Financial Services Framework Agreement entered into between the
Company and China Telecom Group Finance Co., Ltd. and proposed annual caps and made its recommendations to the
independent shareholders. Details of this resolution and the Independent Board Committee’s recommendation were
contained in the circular dispatched to shareholders on 27 February 2019.



SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE
The Company established a Supervisory Committee pursuant to the PRC Company Law. The Supervisory Committee consists
of three members: Ms. Han Fang (the chairperson), Mr. Hai Liancheng (the external independent supervisor) and Mr. Si Jianfei
(the employee representative supervisor). The term of service of the supervisors are three years, commencing from the EGM
on 13 December 2018 approving the fifth session of the Supervisory Committee. The supervisors may serve consecutive terms
if re-elected upon the expiry of their terms of service. The Supervisory Committee is a standing supervisory institution of the
Company and is accountable and reports to all the shareholders. The Supervisory Committee normally meets at least twice a
year.

The primary duties of the Supervisory Committee are to supervise the financial activities of the Group, to review the financial
statements and other financial information prepared and presented by the Board at the general meeting(s); to supervise the
performance of duties of the directors and other senior management; to prevent them from abusing power; and to deal with
the directors or to initiate legal actions against the directors on behalf of the Company. In 2019, the Supervisory Committee
held two meetings, details of which are set out in the “Report of the Supervisory Committee” of this annual report.



AMENDMENTS TO THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
The Articles of Association of the Company did not have any changes during 2019.



COMPANY SECRETARY
The Company Secretary, Mr. Chung Wai Cheung, Terence, is an employee of the Company and has appropriate
understanding of the Company’s business. The Company Secretary is responsible for supporting the daily operation of the
Board and ensuring the compliance with the policies and procedures of the Board. All of the directors can access to opinions
of the Company Secretary to ensure that the procedures of the Board conform to the applicable laws and regulations. The
profile of the Company Secretary is set out in the section of “Profiles of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” in
this annual report. The Company Secretary met the requirement on professional training under the Rule 3.29 of the Listing
Rules in 2019.
                                                              China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   089



                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



REMUNERATION OF THE AUDITORS
The international and domestic auditors of the Company are Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants LLP, respectively. The external auditors have provided audit services to the Company for seven
consecutive years since they were initially appointed at the 2012 annual general meeting on 27 June 2013. The remuneration
received by the external auditors for the audit services provided to the Company during the year amounted to RMB34.7
million. No non-audit services were provided to the Company by the external auditors during the year.



DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of financial statements. The directors are not aware of any material
uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going
concern, and therefore the directors continue to adopt the going concern approach in preparing financial statements.

The responsibility statement of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, our external auditors, regarding its Independent Auditor’s Report
on the financial statements of the Group is set out on pages 129 to 133 of this annual report.



RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

Risk Management and Internal Control System
The Board of Directors of the Company is fully responsible for establishing and maintaining an appropriate and effective risk
management and internal control system to safeguard the investment of the shareholders and the assets of the Group. The
Company has set up an internal control system and risk management mechanism in compliance with the COSO standards
and defined management structure and its authority, which aims at ensuring the efficient utilization of the resources of the
Company to achieve its business targets and safeguard its assets, with a view to preventing unauthorized utilization or
disposal of the resources of the Company, securing appropriate accounting records to provide reliable financial evidence for
internal use or external dissemination, so as to ensure that its operating activities are in compliance with relevant laws and
rules. The above control system is designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives,
and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

The Company attaches great importance to risk management in the course of its daily operation. With a decade of
development since the listing, the Company has established a risk management culture appropriate to its business practices.
The Company put in place a set of practicable risk management methods as well as a sound organization structure and
management mechanism for risk management, which solidified risk management procedures, enhanced risk management
efficiency and basically established a comprehensive risk management mechanism. In 2019, the Company took into account
the requirements of Rule C.2 of the Corporate Governance Code of the Stock Exchange and continued to strengthen the
identification, classification and assessment and control of risks and closely monitored any possible material risks, without any
material risk issue during the year. After strict identification and assessment and analysis of risks, the Company conducted
assessment on the potential risks that the Company may be exposed to in 2020, such as market risks and financial risks, and
proposed practicable corresponding solutions. The Company formulated the annual risk management report which sets out
the risk management work in 2019 and the assessment of material risks and the control plan for 2020.
090 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Since its listing in 2006, the Company has formulated the internal control manual, internal control assessment rules and other
systems based on the COSO internal control framework. Over the years, the Company has striven to improve the systems
related to internal control and risk management in light of the changes in internal and external operating environments and
business development requirements.

The risk management department of the Company has established an internal audit division, which is responsible for
organizing the Company’s daily risk management and internal control assessment, and reporting to the Audit Committee and
the Board of Directors to ensure that the Board and management maintain and operate a sound risk management and
internal control system in accordance with established procedures and standards. In 2019, the Company further strengthened
audit supervision, and attached importance to the utilization of the results of audit, so as to foster management improvement
and to prevent loophole. The above work plays an important role in supporting the Board, the management and the risk
management and internal control assessment.

The Company has formulated guidelines on information disclosure management to regulate the disclosure of the periodical
result announcements, sensitive information and other important information of the Company and to make proper disclosure
in accordance with the requirements of the Stock Exchange. The Company has established a progressive accountability,
verification and reviewing system, to ensure the truthfulness, accuracy and timeliness of information disclosure. The Company
will appoint external independent advisors, such as legal advisors, for reviewing and verifying when necessary. The Executive
Vice President and the Company Secretary of the Company are responsible for coordinating and organizing information
disclosure to ensure the compliance of the information disclosure. The Company Secretary is responsible for the daily
management of information disclosure, including the disclosure of inside information. The Company also has the Office of
the Board to assist in the detailed work regarding information disclosure.

In order to fulfill the requirements of the Stock Exchange, to ensure connected transactions are carried out according to the
pricing policy or mechanism under the framework agreements and to regulate and enhance the management of connected
transactions, the Company has formulated the “Administrative Measures of Connected Transactions of China
Communications Services Corporation Limited”. The Company enters into a connected transaction framework agreement
with China Telecommunications Corporation and applies for the annual caps of connected transactions every three years. At
the end of each year, the Company evaluates the connected transactions entered into in each province in the previous year.
In order to ensure the compliance and effective operation of connected transactions on financial services with China Telecom
Group Finance Co., Ltd., the Company has formulated the “Administrative Measures of Connected Transactions on Financial
Services of China Communications Services Corporation Limited”, through transaction verifying mechanism, daily monitoring
mechanism, price checking mechanism and contingency planning mechanism, providing safeguards for the internal control
of connected transactions on financial services, to ensure compliance with relevant regulatory requirements. The Company
develops the monthly budget for deposit services, monitors the total amount of deposits of the provincial companies, and
ensures that the caps of connected transactions is not exceeded. In addition, the risk identification and control targets for
connected transactions formulated by the Company are set out in the internal control manual. A series of internal control
procedures have been established in respect of the submission, confirmation and delivery of budgets for connected
transactions, signing and execution of contracts, reconciliation with connected parties, data verification, accounting,
verification of information disclosure and information disclosure, and on-going improvements are made to the management
process for connected transactions.
                                                              China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   091



                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Annual Risk Management and Internal Control Assessment
The Company continues to focus on strengthening internal control and risk management and has sound internal control and
management systems in place. The main internal control and risk management measures of the Company in 2019 are
summarized as below:

In 2019, the internal audit division of the Company took the lead in organizing self-assessment for internal control within the
whole Group. During the year, the Company continued its risk-oriented internal control self-assessment, which was organized
from top to bottom and under an unified manner. With the changes in the Company’s internal and external environments as
well as the continuous expansion of its business scale, the Company increased its attention to comprehensive risk
management. On the basis of its risk-oriented internal control self-assessment system and a comprehensive assessment, the
Company identified the key areas and points to focus on according to the major risks that might be faced by the Company
during the year, and effectively and adaptively prepare the list of contents to be addressed for the self-assessment in the year,
so as to accomplish a comprehensive and well-targeted inspection and assessment, which covered all of its subsidiaries.

The internal control self-assessment was conducted under the supervision of the Company’s working group on risk
management, led by the audit division, and organized and coordinated by the relevant departments. With the business
departments playing a leading role in dealing with the risk management issues at source, the Company further promoted the
effective combination between the self-assessment and daily operation management and ensured the effectiveness of the
self-assessment work. The business departments were to decide on the persons responsible, exert themselves as the first line
of defense of risk management, and instill the risk prevention awareness into all areas of the Company’s operations, so as to
enhance the effectiveness of their self-assessment efforts and promote the improvement of their management.

After the completion of the assessment, the Company focused on prevention of material risks, and reviewed and examined
the design and implementation of its internal control and risk management systems. The Company also formulated practical
and effective rectification measures in relation to defects identified during the self-assessment, aiming to make on-going
improvements to the internal control system and process so that it could function better to prevent risks and contribute to
good management practice. Meanwhile, in the subsequent internal audit, attention was paid to the effectiveness of the
internal control for various businesses and inspection was made on assessment of internal control and rectification of defects,
so as to ensure that the assessment is effective.

In 2019, the Company continued to promote the execution of audit project plan and conduct comprehensive internal audit,
strengthened the supervision and inspection on carrying out the state’s policies and fulfilling the social responsibilities. The
Company made independent and objective supervision and assessment of the operation activities and the appropriateness,
compliance and effectiveness of its internal control, with an aim to enhance its operation and create more value for the
Company, improve the processes for risk management, control and corporate governance and contribute to the fulfillment of
its strategic goals. In light of the requirement on annual key risk control and the characteristics of its operation and
management, the internal audit in this year mainly included, among others, economic accountability audit, revenues audit
and audit for construction work with focuses on relevant matters such as income and cost accounting, cash management,
subcontracting management, and product distribution business management. Upon the request of the management of the
Company and in light of the needs of relevant business departments, the internal audit division made use of the data from
the audit and the audit outcomes to hold the audit joint meeting, so as to provide advice for the decision-making and
operation and management activities of the Company.
092 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


In 2019, focusing on the core businesses and key risks, the Company strengthened the audit supervision of the engineering
construction services, promoted the effective implementation of the Company’s strategy, improved the risk prevention
capability, as well as focusing on the corporate funding security related to key business processes and control points. The
Company pushed forward the audit informatization, conducted the system restructuring and standardization on the audit
management modules such as planning management, project management, risk standardization and risk pre-warning, thus
making meaningful progress in the audit informatization. We improved the audit effectiveness and efficiency through audit
informatization and the expansion of the audit scope.

The Board continued to monitor and supervise the risk management and internal control systems of the Company through
the Audit Committee, and conducted an annual review on the risk management and internal control systems of the Company
and its subsidiaries for the financial year ended 31 December 2019. After receiving the report from the internal audit division
as to the effectiveness of the relevant systems and the relevant confirmation from the management to the Board, the Board
considered that the risk management and internal control systems of the Company were stable, healthy, proper, effective
and adequate, and has satisfied the requirements under Rule C.2 of the Corporate Governance Code of the Stock Exchange
regarding risk management and internal control.
                                                              China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   093



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




This report is prepared pursuant to the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guideline (the “Guideline”) in
Appendix 27 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). This report covered the key performance indicators in respect of environmental protection of
the Company from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019, which were mainly based on the data provided by the Group and
certain large-scale subsidiaries. There is no significant change in the scope of this report from that of the 2018 Environmental,
Social and Governance Report. This report has complied with all the “comply or explain” provisions as set out in the
Guideline. We did not disclose certain key performance indicators which are required to be disclosed by the Stock Exchange
but not directly related to the business of the Group or have minimal influence.


OVERVIEW
The Group is a leading service provider in the informatization sector in the PRC that positions itself as a “New Generation
Integrated Smart Service Provider” and commits to “making our society smarter, making our life better, and making our
employees happier”. The Group provides integrated comprehensive smart solutions in the informatization and digitalization
sectors. It consistently upholds its principle of “customer-oriented, outstanding performance, efficient resources allocation
and innovative leadership”. On the back of our fundamental missions of serving our customers, bringing returns to our
shareholders, caring about our employees and giving back to society, we devote ourselves to providing a series of services
covering high-quality, efficient and secured telecommunications infrastructure services, business process outsourcing services
and applications, content and other services. We place a strong emphasis on scientific development and corporate social
responsibility, deliver value to our customers and the society, promote sustainable development, and align our corporate
development with society and environment.

While focusing on maximizing the economic interests of its shareholders as a whole, the Group shows sincere care about the
common interests of its stakeholders including its customers, employees and the public, in order to achieve a healthy,
sustainable and harmonious development. We have conducted an in-depth research on our stakeholders’ concerns, attached
great importance to communication with them and actively responded to their advice; we convert their reasonable requests
as the Company’s targets, and endeavor to meet expectations and requirements of various parties.

The board of directors (the “Board”) of China Communications Services Corporation Limited (the “Company”) undertakes
full responsibility for the Environmental, Social and Governance Report of the Group. The Group strictly complies with the
provisions under the Guideline. The Board of the Company attaches great importance to the environmental, social and
governance work and is responsible for evaluating and determining risks relevant to the Group to ensure the Company has
effective risk management and internal control systems in place and for determining the Company’s environmental, social
and governance approaches and strategies, conducting periodic reviews on the Company’s performance and approving the
disclosures set out in the Company’s Environmental, Social and Governance Report. The report has been reviewed and
approved to publish by the Board.
094 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Strategic Planning Department of the Group is responsible for the overall planning of the “Environmental, Social and
Governance Report” as well as the forming of working group together with the relevant departments of the headquarter and
companies at the provincial level, which is responsible for the implementation of the environmental, social and governance
strategies of the Company. The Strategic Planning Department is also responsible for the management and monitoring of the
effectiveness and preparation for information disclosure of the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” as well as the
fundamental management works.

The Group has established an information collection system for the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” and
keeps improving such system, some items of which are subject to performance appraisal. The Group promotes
communication with its stakeholders, including the government, shareholders, employees, customers and suppliers, by means
of announcement, periodic report, meeting, symposium, interview, special communication and activity to hear their
expectations and requests carefully. Opinions and suggestions from all parties are collected and addressed by the Group in a
proactive manner.

                           Mechanism and          Expectation on
 Stakeholders                                                                         Company Response
                           Means of communication the Company
                           Meeting                      Abide by laws and regulations Comply with laws and operate in good faith
                                                        Fulfill requirement of the    Pay tax in accordance with law and promote
                           Report and statement
                                                        government                    employment
   Government and                                       Promote construction of
                        Report and visit                                              Innovate smart products and services
 Regulatory Authorities                                 industrial ecosystem
                           Periodic report and          Preserve and increase asset   Operate in a stable and healthy manner and
                           announcement                 value                         continuously create values for shareholders
                                                        Regulate corporate            Improve corporate governance and continuously
                           Special report and visit
                                                        governance                    improve internal control

    Shareholders and                                                                  Protect interests of investors, particularly minority
                           Daily communication          Prevent operating risks
                                                                                      shareholders in accordance with the laws
        Investors
                                                        Regulate information          Disclose corporate information in strict accordance
                           Investor meeting
                                                        disclosure                    with rules
                           Staff representative
                                                        Protect legal interests       Regulate labour management
                           supervisor and staff meeting
                           Employee symposium with                                    Strengthen employee training and streamline career
                                                        Realize career development
                           management                                                 development path
                                                                                      Improve income distribution and benefit package
       Employees           Employee questionnaire       Participate in management
                                                                                      mechanism
                                                                                      Care about employees’ physical and mental health
                           Letter and visit             Care about employees
                                                                                      and improve working condition
                                                                                       Establish a synergistic and lawful procurement
                                                        Establish a clear procurement
                           Supplier selection and                                      management system with separated supplier
                                                        system, a strict process and a
                           engagement                                                  selection function, procurement function and
                                                        set of regulated conduct
                                                                                       monitoring function

        Suppliers                                                                     Set up a supplier resource pool, ensure supplier
                                                        Show explicit requirement
                                                                                      qualification and service capability, provide
                           Subcontract management       and implement transparent
                                                                                      necessary trainings and intensify full-process
                                                        management
                                                                                      management on a project basis
                                                        Provide high cost-
                                                        performance value solutions   Further understand customer needs, innovate smart
                           Contract fulfillment
                                                        (services and products) to    products and satisfy customer-tailored demand
                                                        cater for customer needs
       Customers                                                                      Realize full life cycle business management through
                           Visit and conference         Provide excellent services
                                                                                      project report, regular meeting and project feedback
                           Roadshow and exhibition      Respond quickly               Respond immediately to customers
                           Community communication                                    Implement energy saving and emission reduction
                                                   Protect environment
                           activity                                                   and reduce water and electricity consumption
                           Community construction       Secure emergency              Actively respond to disaster relief and
                           activity                     communications                communications safeguard
       Community                                        Care about the                Conduct poverty-alleviation activities and help the
                           Public welfare activity
                                                        underprivileged               disabled and the poor
                                                                            China Communications Services Corporation Limited     Annual Report 2019    095



                       ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AND RESOURCES UTILISATION
As an informatization communications services enterprise, the Group has always complied with relevant national laws,
regulations and standards on emission during the course of service provision. We have established an internal management
system in respect of environmental protection and resources utilisation, and embarked on energy saving and emission
reduction activities to ensure that we can meet our energy conservation and emission reduction goals and strive to minimize
the impact on the environment and natural resources in production operations. In 2019, the total energy consumption of the
Group was approximately 162,000 tons of standard coal (2018: approximately 150,000 tons of standard coal).

According to the energy report of the Group, the emission of greenhouse gases arising from energy consumption of the
Group in 2019 pursuant to the Greenhouse Gas Protocol was approximately 415,800 tons (2018: approximately 388,300
tons).

 Type of Emissions                                                                                                          2019                      2018

 Total greenhouse gas emissions (10,000 T)                                                                                 41.58                      38.83
 Direct emissions (Scope 1)                                                                                                27.15                      25.28
 Indirect emissions (Scope 2)                                                                                              14.43                      13.55
Note: Scope 1 direct greenhouse gas emissions include greenhouse gas emissions from the consumption of natural gas, coal, gasoline and diesel fuel.
       Scope 2 indirect greenhouse gas emissions include greenhouse gas emissions from the purchase of electricity and heating.
       Total greenhouse gas emissions are the sum of Scope 1 direct greenhouse gas emissions and Scope 2 indirect greenhouse gas emissions.




Direct/Indirect energies by type 		




   Electricity (GWh)                                                   Diesel fuel (Million L)
       2019: 213.51                                                             2019: 15.29
        2018: 200.63                                                             2018: 13.20




                                      Gasoline (Million L)                                                           Natural gas
                                             2019: 98.76                                                   (Million standard cubic meter)
                                              2018: 93.21                                                                   2019: 7.73
                                                                                                                             2018: 7.21
096 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


As for water consumption, the Group’s water supply is provided by the owner or property manager of the office building,
thus the Group does not have direct control over the water consumption. However, the Group attaches great importance to
the reasonable and efficient usage and reduce the consumption of water resource. We also strive to promote and advocate
water conservation by regular public service announcements to raise our employees’ awareness of water conservation.

The Group takes various steps, including posting water conservation notice, advocating multi-usage of water, installing
water-saving taps, and checking for water leaks, to further intensify the management of water resource utilization.

The Group has made great efforts to promote water conservation in our provincial companies. The Group proposes to adopt
effective measures to reduce squandering of water resource and each provincial company made active responses. The
Group’s total water consumption for 2019 was approximately 5.90 million tons.

As a “New Generation Integrated Smart Service Provider”, the Group firmly follows the principle of green development,
implements various energy saving and emission reduction policies and regulations issued by the government, improves energy
conservation awareness within the Group, performs reasonable control over total energy consumption and endeavors to
realize green and high-quality development. The Group provides integrated green services to the external customers. It
integrates the energy conservation concept into each service including consultation, design, construction, maintenance,
general facilities management and supply chain and renders energy saving services during the process of infrastructures
construction, joint construction and sharing, energy saving reform and big data application by leveraging on the advanced
energy-saving technologies and products to help customers with energy saving and emission reduction.

The Group realized energy saving and consumption reduction and achieved its energy saving target in a full manner by
adopting various measures. In 2019, the Group’s energy consumption was 13.77 kg of standard coal equivalent per revenue
of RMB10,000, representing a year-on-year decrease of 2.8%.
                                                            China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   097



                  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Group further improves the organizational system, management system and work process relevant to energy saving and
emission reduction and the informatization level in monitoring and controlling its energy saving and emission reduction,
through which the Group’s energy consumption has been effectively reduced. The Group uses various methods, both online
and offline, to minimize the energy consumption within the Group, including the implementation of a paperless office to
effectively reduce the consumption of paper-made resources, using a vehicle management system to strictly control fuel
charges and effectively reduce oil consumption, and installing GPS on vehicles to help to find the shortest route for driving
while ensuring safety and reducing oil consumption and vehicle exhaust.

Our provincial companies and professional companies organized diversified trainings on energy saving and emission
reduction, promoted new technologies and new businesses in relation to energy saving. The companies also actively
participated in seminars in relation to energy-saving and environment-friendly products and businesses to share energy saving
experience and results and promote energy-saving products in collaboration with its partners.

The Group also proactively helps customers in implementing energy saving and emission reduction. The energy saving
elements are integrated into each part of services provided to customers. The Group makes strong efforts to promote the
establishment of green base stations and green data centers and facilitate the recycling of waste materials. During the new
construction and reconstruction of equipment rooms, IDCs and other infrastructures, the Group follows the advanced
development principle of green and energy saving, adopts the form of contracted energy management and entrusted energy
management, provides green consultation, design, construction, maintenance, general facilities management and other
services to promote the application of energy-saving products, energy consumption monitoring platform and big data
applications, enabling customers to save energy while raising efficiency.

China Comservice Energy Saving Technology Co., Ltd. (中通服節能技術服務有限公司), a subsidiary of the Group, collects
returned network equipment and inefficient equipment of high–energy consumption for recycling and disposal via a green
auction platform, which is supported by 26 warehouses & logistics systems, 1,100 reliable recyclers and 16 valuation
techniques. In 2019, waste and obsolete products of approximately RMB10.69 billion were disposed of through auction at a
total price of approximately RMB1.1 billion, which not only helped its customers to improve economic efficiency but also
minimized the risk of waste emission.
098 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Group will continue to increase investment in the research and development of new energy saving technologies and
businesses, further follow and implement the development principles of innovation, coordination, green, openness and
sharing and establish a green ecosystem and green Comservice to achieve digital life. While ensuring energy saving and
emission reduction within the Group, we assume more social responsibilities related to energy saving and emission reduction.
Together with its customers and partners, the Group will intensify the application of 5G, Big Data, Cloud Computing, Internet
of Things and other new technologies to inject new momentum into energy saving and emission reduction. Through
innovation of management and technology, the Group is committed to improving efficiency in all aspects, realizing energy
saving target and making a better life.


Consumption of Packaging Materials
The Group operates in the informatization communications services industry and is mainly engaged in design, construction
and supervision, management of infrastructure for information technology, etc. There is no substantial usage of packaging
materials in the course of production and operation.


Climate Change
Climate change not only has profound effects on the global ecosystem, but also has significant impacts on the global
economy. The carbon dioxide emission is adopted by the PRC as an important indicator for the evaluation of enterprises’
performance in production and operation, which is certain to bring some pressure on the enterprises to adapt to climate
change. Enterprises must realize the effects of risks and policies associated with climate change on their operations, and
capture the opportunities arising therefrom.

Consensus on the control of greenhouse gas emission, promotion of green and low-carbon development and responding to
climate change and greenhouse gas emission has been reached worldwide. In 2019, the Group had active studies and
discussions on the target and system in relation to the control of greenhouse gas emission, promotion of green and low-
carbon development and adaption to climate change and organized relevant capabilities construction, scientific research and
publicity work in fighting against climate change and endeavored to improve its capability in environmental management to
assist in containing the rise in global temperatures.
                                                             China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   099



                   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGEMENT

Employment
The Group had approximately 91,000 employees as at 31 December 2019. We are committed to ensuring equal development
opportunities for both genders, protecting and enhancing the rights of female employees. Our employees are located
primarily in the PRC with certain number of them located in the other districts such as Africa, Middle East and Southeast Asia.
Our employees are divided into contract employees, dispatched employees, part-time employees and other employees.

 Indicator                                                                                                 2019                   2018

 Total employees (As at the end of the year)                                                             91,564                93,087
 By type
   Contract employees                                                                                    87,706                88,930
   Dispatched employees                                                                                   3,500                 3,713
   Part-time employees                                                                                       99                   166
   Others                                                                                                   259                   278

 By geographic location (%)
   Mainland China                                                                                           96.4                  96.4
   Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan and overseas                                                                     3.6                   3.6




                               Total number of                                         Total number of
                               newly hired employees                                   resigned employees
                               2019: 10,024                                            2019: 11,547
                               2018: 10,619                                            2018: 16,733
100 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Contract + Dispatched
		

    By gender                                                        By age
        2019                                                               2019
        2018                                                               2018

                                                                             30 or below             31-40             41-50           51 and above




                  73.7%                  26.3%                               17.9%                42.6%             28.2%               11.3%
                       73.9%               26.1%                                  19.8%             43.3%             26.0%                 10.9%



    By education level                                                             By nature
        2019                                                                              2019
        2018                                                                              2018


                  12.2%                              6.4%                                    12.6%                             20.2%
                       12.3%                         6.1%                                                                           18.4%
                                                                                                 12.4%
            5.7%
               6.4%                                         50.6%
                                                               48.4%
                                                                                                                                              41.2%
                                                                                                                                                   42.0%
                                                                                   26.0%
            25.1%                                                                    27.2%
               26.8%




       Post-graduate           University graduate     College graduate           Administration          Telecommunications           Business process
       or above                                                                   and management          infrastructure services      outsourcing services
       Technical school graduate           High school graduate or below          Applications, content
                                                                                  and other services




Contract 		

    Employees attending                              Employees of
    the trade union                                  ethnic minority                                      Female management
        2019                                            2019                                                 2019
        2018                                            2018                                                 2018




                               100%                                               2.4%                                                  1.7%
                                 100%                                              2.2%                                                     1.5%
                                                                     China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   101



                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


As a state-owned enterprise, the Group assumes its important social responsibilities for stabilizing employment in the society
by providing large number of job opportunities and encouraging the upstream and downstream enterprises to provide
numerous job opportunities every year, which plays a significant role in attracting talents and addressing the problem of
graduates employment.

The Group helps its employees to enhance personal capabilities and raise social value by offering trainings and exercises on
their skills such as technical skills and management expertise. Meanwhile, the Group actively responds to the call of the
government of “mass entrepreneurship and innovation”, and for employees who are ambitious in setting up their own
businesses, the Group provides favourable policies and support their innovation and entrepreneurship.

We consider our employees as an important resource and attach much importance to safeguarding their interests. We have
various internally equitable and externally competitive remuneration system in place to cater for different positions and pay
the relevant insurance for our employees. We have established a corporate annuity system.

We are committed to the career development of our employees and offer dual promotion paths for them — “promotion for
management functions” and “promotion for technical expertise”. We implement a system that links our employees’
remuneration and promotion to their work experience, capabilities and performance, which incentivizes their proactivity.




        The Group held various trainings to enhance the skills and capabilities of employees
102 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Labor Standards
The Group has always complied with laws and regulations on recruitment and dismissal, working hours and anti-
discrimination. Our employees are entitled to national holidays. The Group strictly abides by and implements the laws and
regulations in relation to labor employment and labor rights protection, including the PRC Labor Law, the PRC Labor Contract
Law and the PRC Trade Union Law, pursuant to which, the Group protects the labor rights, democracy and spiritual and
cultural rights of its employees. It strengthens labor employment management in a lawful and standard manner and ensures
the entering into labor contracts with contract employees and makes contributions to the social security fund. It also
stipulates the form and contents of contracts entered into with the labor dispatching institutions and checks if labor contracts
are duly entered into by the labor dispatching institutions and contributions for the dispatched employees are made to the
social security fund in order to protect the interests of the dispatched employees.

The Group stands on various labor policies, including but not limited to, the gender equality and equal pay for equal work. It
protects employee privacy in compliance with laws and implements a paid holiday system. Child labor and forced labor are
strictly forbidden in the Group. In 2019, there was no child labor and forced labor in the Group. The Group also supports the
trade union to perform its duties and responsibilities lawfully and encourages employee engagement to maintain a
harmonious and stable labor relationship.

Development and Training
We attach great importance to trainings and have established a three-tier training system covering the headquarter, provincial
companies and professional companies. By leveraging the advantageous strengths of the training centers under the
Company, the Group strives to build a categorized and centralized training system with high efficiency so as to become a
learning organization.

In 2019, a wide range of trainings were provided by the Group. It organized relevant leadership trainings for the management
of its provincial companies and an industry leader training camp for the management reserves of its provincial companies to
improve the integrity and leadership of the management. In respect of core business products, it organized marketing elites
training camps, a speech training class on advanced products, a smart airport training camp, a smart emergency management
product training class, an Internet of Things pre-sale consultation training camp, an advanced cloud engineer training class
and a Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei collaborative development training camp. In order to improve professional abilities, the Group
organized an advanced training class for frontline project managers and key 5G technologies and network evolvement
seminars for its technical experts. Through various targeted and diversified trainings, the Group continuously improves the
overall employee quality, enhances its competitive edge and capabilities for high-quality development. The Group also
organized various lectures on mental health, seminars targeted for female employees and seminars in other themes.
                                                                China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   103



                ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Overall training situation




                              Total training expense                Total number of trainings
                                  (RMB million)                           (Person-time)
                                        2019: 175                              2019: 569,252
                                         2018: 144                              2018: 491,358




     Total training hours                 Average training expense                         Average training hours
            (Hour)                           (RMB/person-time)                              (Hour/person-time)
        2019: 16,698,979                             2019: 307                                          2019: 29
         2018: 13,311,916                            2018: 294                                          2018: 27
       Types of Training                                  Unit                                        2019               2018
       Safe production training                           No. of trainings                          14,040            12,378
                                                          Person-time                              219,057           185,710
       Anti-corruption training and activities            No. of trainings                           1,628             1,490
                                                          Person-time                               46,193            39,299
       Operation management training                      No. of trainings                           3,446             3,058
                                                          Person-time                               60,267            52,730
       Technical expertise training                       No. of trainings                          13,179            12,294
                                                          Person-time                              192,374           174,622
       Other training                                     No. of trainings                           2,259             1,496
                                                          Person-time                               51,361            38,997

       Training Description by
       Position/Gender                                    Unit                                         2019              2018
       Senior management                                  Person-time                                1,376             1,446
       Middle management                                  Person-time                               39,481            30,750
       General employees                                  Person-time                              528,395           459,162
       Male employees                                     Person-time                              429,935           368,970
       Female employees                                   Person-time                              139,317           122,388




       The Group put emphasis on training management reserves
104 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


In 2019, the Group launched a new series of industry leader training camp, participated by 41 management reserves from
the provincial companies of the Group. Through continuous innovation on the scenarios, contents and forms of training, the
industry leader training camp further improves the leadership awareness of the cadres, assists the provincial companies and
professional companies of the Group in discovering and identifying talents and continuously expands the management
reserves team and strengthens the development of the Group’s human resources.

In 2019, the Group targeted to improve the capability of the marketing team and organized three “China Comservice
Training Camp for the Elite of Marketing” to provide trainings to 161 marketing elites from the provincial companies, which
effectively improved the cognitive competence on marketing, customer insight and presentation and expression skills of the
trainees and developed many marketing elites who have market awareness, understand customer needs, are good at
communication and expression, have influence and are familiar with sales procedures.

In 2019, by focusing on the frontline 5G technology talents of professional companies, designers and engineering technicians
from the designing institute from each province, the Group organized three “China Comservice key 5G Technologies and
Network Evolvement Seminars” to 172 technical experts. Through trainings on 5G origination, application scenarios and
networks, the participants mastered key 5G network technologies, wireless network planning and station solutions
deployment, improved their capabilities in working out solutions to 5G planning and construction as well as product delivery.
The trainings play an important role in promoting and implementing company policies, improving technology strengths and
expanding talent pool for 5G business development of the Group.

The Group attaches great importance to the training of its frontline employees. By spreading and inheriting the “Comservice
Craftsmanship Spirit”, the Group endeavors to develop employees with high-level expertise in different fields and professions
to fuel the development of the Group. In 2019, the Group won a number of awards including all the three grand prizes in
the “Information System Wiring & Smart Family Occupational Skill Competition” jointly organized by China Association of
Communication Enterprises and China National Defense and Post & Telecommunication Trade Union.




  The Group showed the “Comservice Craftsmanship Spirit” in industry competitions
                                                                 China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   105



                  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Our international subsidiary organized a safety training to 341 employees in Nepal, which
     improved the safe production awareness, safe production capabilities and communications
     infrastructure construction capability of the communication contractors in Nepal.

     Thanks for the training given by the China Communications Services International Limited. In the past, I
     didn’t know the importance of safe production. Through this training, I feel safe production not only
     protects my own work but also ensures a happy life of my family. In the future work, I will change my
     bad habits, follow the safe production procedures and always produce in a safe manner.

                                                                       —— Narendra Kunwar, a local employee in Nepal




OPERATING PRACTICES

Health and Safety
The Group is committed to safe production, consistently complies with the requirements of laws and regulations such as the
PRC Labor Law, PRC Safe Production Law and PRC Fire Services Law as well as the requirements of the government, and has
established a sound work safety management department and safety management rules. The provincial companies under the
Group are required to make a standard provision for safe production expenses to ensure sufficient funds are invested in safe
production. Each professional company is required to provide necessary protective equipment in special work scenarios and
to the frontline construction employees to ensure their life security.




                       The Group adopted competitions instead of trainings to enhance safe production
106 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Group launched “Safe Production Month” activities to carry out promotions and trainings on safe production, aiming to
continuously improve safe production management and raise safety awareness of employees in workplace. Periodic self-
inspection and irregular checks were conducted by the provincial companies within the Group on safe production to eliminate
potential safety threats and prevent significant risks. The provincial companies formulated emergency management measures
and conducted safety production drills in different scenarios in order to improve their emergency management and response
capabilities.

The Group made an overall plan to address the problem of imbalanced development of safe production management in the
construction segment of the Group. It invited an expert group to formulate the Manual for Safe Production of Information
Communications Engineering, which was published and issued in May 2019. Being the first manual elaborating the
management and operation of safe production of information communications engineering in a systematic manner in the
industry, it does not only provide standards of construction management and operation for the whole process of the Group’s
safe production, but also provides standards for the whole communications industry and drives the implementation of safe
production in the industry. The headquarter of the Group organized two faculty trainings nationwide to provide top-down
trainings on safe production to its provincial companies. About tens of thousands of employees attended the trainings,
driving the education and training on safe production to be effectively conducted throughout the Group. Besides, the Group
increased the frequency of inspection and innovated inspection method to make sure safe production is duly implemented at
the basic level of the Group.

                                                        In 2019, no significant accident in respect of safe production occurred
                                                        within the Group.


                                                                      Indicator of Health
                                                                      and Safety                 Unit            2019     2018

                                                                      Safe production training   Time           14,040   12,378
                                                                      Safe production training   Person-time   219,057 185,710
                                                                      Workplace Fatalities       Person             0        0


The Group formulated safe production
standard for the industry




         The Group organizes safety drills regularly
                                                                            China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   107



                       ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Supply Chain Management
We have formulated the relevant administrative rules on procurement in compliance with relevant laws and regulations such
as the PRC Contract Law and the Regulation on the Implementation of the PRC Tender Law, strengthened the monitoring
and control over key procedures of, among other things, contract execution, safety management, financial settlement,
monitoring and supervision. Meanwhile, we conducted trainings on specific skills and safety education to personnel in the
supply chain and regulated the management on safe production, ensuring that the suppliers comply with the national and
local regulations on salary payment and employment management.

The Group adopts a hierarchical supplier approval system and formulated the China Comservice Engineering Service
Procurement Management Measures, the Group strictly controls the eligibility of suppliers with stringent selection based on
their general information. Routine and annual assessments are conducted on supplier performance and an exit system and a
blacklist system was established. The assessment results are used for the selection of suppliers in order to promote the
suppliers to improve their service quality and safety management.

The Group follows five procurement principles: legal compliance principle (to abide by national laws and regulations and
relevant industry rules); fair, open and just principle (to insist on a transparent system, strict procedure, standardized
operation and scientific selection); cost reduction and efficiency improvement principle (to reduce operating costs and realize
high-quality development); tolerable risk principle (to prohibit “outsourcing substituting management”, focus on project
quality and safe management and prevent risks related to laws, employment and safety) and integrity principle (to prevent
the rules and discipline violation, including the abuse of power for its own profit and interests conveyance).




Numbers of suppliers by geographic location in 2019
                                                  Unit
  Geographic Location                     (Number)

  ●Northeast region                               717
  ●Northwest region                              1,905
  ●Mid-South region                              4,152
  ●Southwest region                              2,286
  ●North China region                            1,109
  ●East China region                             5,027
  ●Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan                      2
     Overseas                                      19

     Total                                   15,217
Note: Suppliers operating in more than one region are counted repeatedly.
       The number of repeated counts is 1,864.
108 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Group implements hierarchical management over its headquarter, provincial companies and professional companies. The
headquarter is responsible for the establishment of a synergistic procurement system, preparation of procurement
management measures and IT management requirements, and inspection and assessment of the procurement management
of the provincial companies. A provincial company is responsible for the establishment of a provincial procurement system
and implementation of centralized management over the suppliers within its province by IT means and also responsible for
the establishment of implementation measures for procurement management, improvement of corresponding internal
controls, and inspection and assessment of the procurement management of professional companies. A professional
company is responsible for the specific implementation of its own procurement management, establishment of management
standards or specific measures and is subject to inspection and assessment by the headquarter and the provincial company of
the Group.

The Group has considered business subcontracting as the key area for auditing and supervision. We conducted audits and
reviews on supplier admission, tendering and bidding, subcontracting pricing, signing of subcontracting contracts, materials
procurement and settlement of subcontracting costs, with the aim to prevent illegal and non-compliant activities such as
violation of the administrative measures of the Company and interests conveyance.

Through continuous amendments and improvement on the mechanism, the Group drives the implementation of procurement
system and further improves management, implementation and monitoring capabilities. It strictly follows the selection and
examination procedures to kick out the disqualified suppliers, instructs suppliers to improve their awareness of safe
production, provides full insurance coverage for the working personnel of subcontractors, eliminates hidden risks and
promotes the healthy development of the Company through the establishment of IT systems and standardization of
management processes.


Product Liability and Customers
The Group has committed to providing high-quality, efficient and safe informatization services to customers and makes
contributions to “Building Smart Society, Boosting Digital Economy, Serving a Good Life”. The Group has complied with
applicable laws and regulations in relation to product liability.

The Group always focuses on customers and provides them with quality products and services. Relying on its smart products
and services, the Group helps the government to improve urban management, emergency management and ecological and
environmental control. With established local supporting teams all over the country, the Group keeps active communications
with customers, makes timely response and provides services subject to customer needs and emphasizes the protection of
customer information, which has been well received by the broad customers.

In Sichuan, the Group established an integrated government service platform for the government of Sichuan province, the
first in the country covering province, cities and counties. The platform provides online services to the public, whereby people
can “stay at home and just click the mouse” to handle government affairs. In 2019, over hundreds of millions of cases were
processed online and the big data about government services was also collected for analysis through the platform to support
the decision-making process of the government.

In Ningxia, the Group established a “Safety Alert and Risk Control Platform” for the government of Shizuishan, Ningxia. The
platform has been applied to over 200 local hazardous chemicals manufacturers to assist the government to make real-time
analysis and assessment on the production condition and risks of such enterprises. It formed a looped management over the
full life cycle of the risks associated with the enterprises and improved the alert management of the enterprises in aspects of
“people, machine, material, environment and management”.
                                                               China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   109



                  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


In Zhejiang, the Group completed the comprehensive environmental improvement project for 1,075 small towns in Zhejiang
Province by leveraging on its smart pipeline management system, smart light poles and smart cloud booths. Through data
integration, the smart small-town comprehensive environment management system made analysis on the omissions and
difficulties of human control, addressed the problems that existed in environmental governance, improved environmental
governance prejudgment, extended the scope of ecological environment governance and effectively improved the quality of
production, living and ecological environment in small towns.

In 2019, the Group provided integrated informatization construction service for many significant national events, including
the Beijing International Horticultural Exhibition and the 7th CISM Military World Games, and also provided information
communications network construction and communication security protection services for other important events, including
“The 2nd Digital China Summit”, “Boao Forum for Asia Annual Conference 2019”, the “Sixth World Internet Conference
(Wuzhen Summit)”, “The Second Western China International Fair for Investment and Trade”, “The 14th FINA World
Swimming Championships (25m)” and “2019 Guangxi Pingnan International Half Marathon”, showing the brand of
“Comservice” in the new era.

The China Telecom Prime IP Backbone Network (CN2) Construction Project undertaken by China Communications
Technology Co., Ltd (a subsidiary of the Group) garnered the “Classic Project” by China Association of Construction
Enterprise Management. The Company insists on “365 days safe production & compliant operation” to drive the substantive
change in and facilitate the safety and quality work of the Company.




                           The Group provided communication support for major events
110 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Group has participated in the natural disaster relief and telecommunications network restoration during and after major
disasters and public safety incidents to fulfil our corporate social responsibilities. We assist in the repair of communications
lines to ensure smooth communications network.

In 2019, more than 39,000 person-times of the Group with more than 12,000 vehicle-times participated in disaster-relief
work for a total of over 53,000 hours and repaired more than 32,000 communication facilities. It also actively participated in
post-disaster epidemic prevention and disinfection and environmental cleaning, fully demonstrating our corporate capabilities
and commitment to social responsibility in disaster relief.




        On 17 June 2019, a 6.0-magnitude earthquake hit Changning in Yibin, Sichuan province, which caused
        a large area of breakdown of base stations, outage of several optical cables and shutdown of various
        transformer substations and dozens of communication lines. Immediately after the earthquake, our
        Sichuan subsidiary dispatched 48 rescue teams consisting of over 160 workers with 54 vehicles, 95 oil
        engines, 15 welding machines and a large number of optical cables, splice closures and other logistics
        materials for the earthquake relief. The Group made outstanding contribution to the resumption of
        the operators’ communications with great efforts and successfully completed the 6•17 communications
        repair task. In response to the catastrophe, the excellent attitude and professional quality showed by
        the rescue team of our Sichuan subsidiary was highly recognized by the authorities and customers and
        also received attentions from media.
                                               China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   111



         ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



The flood brought by the consecutive rainstorms in Guangdong, Jiangxi and many other regions
caused a large area of power outage and breakdown of base stations, affected more than ten
thousand broadband users and resulted in direct economic loss of tens of millions of RMB. Our
Guangdong subsidiary and Jiangxi subsidiary immediately organized several rescue teams for the
repair of optical cables and mobile base stations and logistics support to be engaged in disaster
relief work as arranged by the “emergency communications command center”. The Group
dispatched more than 600 person-times with rescue vehicles of 151 vehicle-times, oil engines of 340
engine-times and other equipment to support the full recovery of communications in the disaster-
affected areas and was highly recognized by the local governments and telecommunications
operators.




                                                     Due to rainy and snowy weather in different
                                                     regions of Gansu province, heavy snow
                                                     knocked down high-voltage power lines and
                                                     caused large areas of power outage in
                                                     Longnan, Gannan, Qingyang and Pingliang.
                                                     More than 700 power outages occurred at
                                                     peak, and the disaster caused over 1,200
                                                     cumulative power outages.

                                                     Immediately after the occurrence, our Gansu
                                                     subsidiary launched a snowstorm emergency
                                                     plan and dispatched a total of 620 person-
                                                     times, 290 vehicle-times and oil engines of
                                                     more than 780 machine-times to ensure the
                                                     resumption of communications network. The
                                                     emergency response was not only a test for
                                                     our emergency management plan, but also an
                                                     on-site emergency drill. It achieved desired
                                                     effect and received recognition and praise
                                                     from the operators.
112 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Information Security and Privacy Protection/Network Security
The Group attaches great importance to the information, privacy and data security of the Company, its employees and
customers. It strictly abides by the PRC Network Security Law, the Rules Protecting Personal Information of
Telecommunications and Internet Users and other laws and regulations, keeps improving each network and information-
related systems, intensifies controls over various network and information security risks, addresses network security
vulnerabilities in time and ensures contents and information security. For customer-oriented APPs, the Group makes individual
assessment on its ability in protecting personal information, carries out specific rectification work and ensures requirement of
each department is duly satisfied and users’ personal information is effectively protected.

The Group strengthens the relevant trainings on information security and privacy protection for its employees. It improves the
employees’ awareness of network information security by utilizing online promotional videos and organizing lectures on
network information security. In 2019, the Group organized 5 trainings on network and information security knowledge such
as policy interpretation, cutting-edge technologies and solutions to the relevant management and technical personnel, with a
total of 302 person-times participation. The Group also organized 5,398 employees to attend the network information
security contest to improve their know-how and skills on network and information security.

The Group proactively attended China Cybersecurity Week & Cybersecurity Expo and set up a Q&A section for cybersecurity
knowledge in order to spread the theme that “cybersecurity aims for people and relies on people”.

In 2019, no occurrence of leakage of customer privacy and information was identified within the Group. In line with customer
needs, the Group enters into relevant agreements on information security and signs confidentiality agreements with relevant
employees, if necessary, and strictly complies with the terms under such agreements. For data involving confidential
information of government or other customers, the Group adopts Internet isolation and data encryption to prevent
information leakage.

Intellectual Property Protection
The Group strictly complies with all the laws and regulations in relation to the protection of intellectual property rights, such
as the PRC Contract Law, PRC Trademark Law, PRC Patent Law, PRC Copyright Law and PRC Anti-Unfair Competition Law,
while continuously enhancing its awareness of intellectual property rights protection, handling and resolving infringement
disputes on a timely basis. The Group strengthens trademark management to regulate the use of registered trademarks. It
pays attention to brand protection while promoting the brands and enhancing the value of its brands; it conducts research
on intellectual property in respect of the emerging businesses of the Group. The Group organizes law-enforcement seminars
from time to time to enhance its employees’ awareness of, knowledge of, compliance with and usage of relevant laws and
regulations and intellectual property rights protection.

In the process of its research and development of smart society products, the Group attaches great importance to the
protection of intellectual properties and the application of corresponding patents or software copyrights.



In 2019


                         Received  355
                                                                                           408
                         new authorized patents
                                                                             Applied for               new patents




                                                           Obtained   962      new software copyrights
                                                              China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   113



                   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Anti-corruption
The Group consistently complies with laws and regulations, social integrity, commercial ethics and industrial standards. We
have been devoted to safeguarding the interests of shareholders, creditors, customers and partners and executing contracts
in good faith. We honour commercial credibility and oppose improper competition with a view to preventing corruption in
business activities.

We focus on strengthening anti-corruption and disciplinary education in various ways, such as seminars, training programmes,
themed conferences and new internet media to procure our management and employees to comply with relevant laws and
regulations. In addition, we further reinforce our daily supervision in respect of anti-corruption and focus on priorities to
conduct supervision and inspection by combined internal efforts such as the audit department and discipline inspection
department, and strictly prevent activities such as bribery, blackmail, fraud and money laundering. The Group intensifies peer
supervision and actively promotes joint supervision and particularly keeps a close watch on major festivals or holidays. It sets
up a smooth channel for identifying and resolving existing problems in a timely manner. We have attached great importance
to the establishment of an anti-corruption system. An accountability system was established to clearly define responsibilities
with anti-corruption responsibility letters signed with the relevant responsible parties. The Group will duly address relevant
illegal and non-compliant activities according to the requirements of laws, regulations, rules and disciplines, with a view to
safeguarding the normal operation of its businesses.

Each provincial company and professional company of the Group also organized different anti-corruption trainings and
activities for a large number of people to make anti-corruption training available for everyone and improve their anti-
corruption awareness.




                                                                2019
                                                                                                          2018
                                Anti-
                             Corruption
                            Training and
                                                      1,628                 Times                1,490               Times

                              Activities
                                                      46,193 Person-times
                                                                                                 39,299
                                                                                                      Person-times




The Group has established a whistle-blowing mechanism. When business partners and internal employees discover corruption
and bribery of China Comservice’s personnel, they can report by real-name or anonymously through the post office box (Beijing,
100033 mailbox 33 bin) or Internet mail. The Company will investigate the report, and the information of the whistleblower
will be kept strictly confidential.
114 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



COMMUNITY PARTICIPATION
The Group carefully implements the poverty relief tasks from the government, sticks to the fundamental principle of targeted
poverty relief, combines poverty relief with education and training, keeps a balance between development-oriented poverty
relief and protection-oriented poverty relief, focuses on the 6 poverty-stricken counties and organizes poverty relief activities
in various forms, including education and training, industrial development, public welfare and consumption. The Group fulfills
its social responsibility by promoting the poverty relief program and assisting the central government and local government in
achieving their poverty relief tasks in all aspects. In 2019, the Group issued the “2019 China Comservice Poverty Relief
Implementation Scheme”. The provincial companies of the Group have aggregately enrolled 77 registered impoverished
households; and post colleges owned by the provincial companies have enrolled totally 27 registered impoverished students,
granted student subsidies of RMB0.21 million and organized skill trainings and career talks participated by 695 person-times.
The Group’s investment in consumption-led poverty relief amounted to RMB14.79 million.




       In view of the requirement of the local poverty-
       relief office and its parent company, our Guangxi
       subsidiary focused on poverty relief through
       training. It focused on the most urgent problem
       to be settled through training during the poverty
       relief campaign and organized various training
       programs. By organizing e-commerce-themed
       trainings in rural areas, it focused on problem
       solving, relied on its technology training resources
       and adopted a theory and on-site teaching
       method in a top-down manner, i.e., providing
       trainings to cadres responsible for poverty relief
       first and then bringing them to the villages and
       fields, which were well-received by the public. A
       total of 345 households joined the e-commerce
       industry chain, and 142 registered poverty-stricken
       households were encouraged to commence online
       marketing and 16 of them concluded transactions
       during on-site e-commerce marketing practices.
       Various leaders stood out during the e-commerce-
       led poverty relief campaign, driving the increase
       of the poverty-stricken people’s income. The
       poverty relief training program received
       unanimous recognition from the local poverty-
       relief office and cadres who received training and
       made great contributions to the poverty relief of
       Guangxi.
                                                          China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   115



                   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




                                                                           The management of our Chongqing
                                                                           subsidiary brought daily necessities to
                                                                           the Special Child Service Center in
                                                                           Chongqing. It expressed its willingness to
                                                                           continue to pay close attention to the special
                                                                           group. Meanwhile, the positive energy from the
                                                                           children channeled to the company, which
                                                                           inspired and encouraged more kind-hearted
                                                                           people and enterprises to bring warmth and
                                                                           care to the children.

Our Xinjiang subsidiary aligned poverty relief campaign to its
operation development to improve the production skills and
fortune-making capabilities of the minorities. During project
construction, it firstly hired the nearby impoverished minority
villagers in Jiayi Village, Jiayi Town, Yutian County and
Akeqima Village, Ruokeya County, Minfeng County and
provided them with pre-job trainings on construction and
production safety. Aiming to drive poverty relief undertaking,
it has provided 60 jobs with monthly salary no less than
RMB3,500. It helped the impoverished minority villagers in
south Xinjiang to master professional skills and realize
poverty relief of both individuals and households and
improved the fortune-making ability of the surplus labors in
rural areas, and received local appreciation.




                                                                                    Our international subsidiary actively
                                                                                    participated in various local public
                                                                                    welfare activities. In the theme of “Love
                                                                                    Without Borders”, the South Africa
                                                                                    Branch made a donation of 74,000 South
                                                                                    African Rand (approximately RMB36,000)
                                                                                    to a local school for the deaf. The
                                                                                    donation was used to purchase hearing-
                                                                                    aids for the deaf students and helped
                                                                                    them to solve practical difficulties, which
                                                                                    showed the Group’s fulfillment of social
                                                                                    responsibility.
116 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



            Since its establishment over ten
          years ago, as a fulfillment of its
        social responsibility, our Saudi Arabia
        subsidiary has always respected the
        local belief and culture. It has
        organized the “Warm Ramadan”
        activity for many consecutive years.
        During the year, the subsidiary
        mobilized all the staff to donate their
        old clothes and sundries to the
        refugees in the surrounding war-torn
        countries.




                                                                     The vice president of the Group
                                                                     and the general manager of China
                                                                     Telecom (Beijing) invited 8
                                                                     manufacturer representatives to visit
                                                                     the industry-based poverty relief
                                                                     project in Shufu County, Xinjiang, a
                                                                     targeted poverty alleviation project.
                                                                     They paid visits to local manufacturers
                                                                     and orchard bases in which they have
                                                                     invested together with the
                                                                     manufacturer representatives and
                                                                     organized the representatives to
                                                                     negotiate with the government of
                                                                     Shufu County in respect of cooperation
                                                                     intentions and also expressed their
                                                                     solicitude to local poverty-stricken
                                                                     households.
                                                                 China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   117



                   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Caring about Employees
The Group upholds the philosophy of “Dignity within the Company and Respect to Employees” and shows sincere and
enhanced care about its employees. In 2019, the Group endeavored to become an outstanding enterprise trusted by the
employees and recognized by the society. It learns about the thoughts of employees in a timely manner. Throughout the
year, it resolved requests from them, made significant input in renovating, constructing and purchasing new properties to
improve the production and living condition of employees, and set up the “Four Small Facilities” including the “Small
Canteens, Small Restrooms, Small Shower Rooms and Small Activity Rooms” in a timely manner. During 2019, 562 “Four
Small Facilities” were newly constructed and 1,449 were renovated with total investment of RMB24.13 million to fulfill its
social responsibility for caring about employees.

The Group cares about its employees stationed outside of the province, enhances rights protection for female employees, and
frequently helps and supports the poor, ensuring that students from poverty-stricken families can go to school and keeps
them warm in winter and cool in summer. It focuses on the basic problems existed within the Group, such as the
improvement of dining conditions, working environment and healthy drinking water supply, and helps to alleviate the
economic burdens of employees who suffered from serious illnesses or chronic diseases. It spent a total amount of RMB5.82
million in poverty alleviation throughout the year.




        The Group showed care for employees through multiple measures
118 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




          The diversified cultural and sport activities of the Group




The provincial companies and professional companies of the Group organized various group activities with its customers, for
instance, skills competition and safety drills depending on different profession and business nature, as well as Spring Festival
parties with customers and partners, which improved customer recognition, boosted the brand image of “China Comservice”
and enhanced the Group’s human-based management and its reputation in the industry.

The Group seeks to create a good environment characterized by “happy work and healthy life” for its employees. The
headquarter, provincial companies and professional companies of the Group organized a series of diversified cultural and
sports activities beneficial to the physical and mental health of employees and conducive to the Group’s culture construction,
including spring sports games, brisk walk competitions, balls competitions, singing activities, art performance, and lectures on
mental health, which relieved the mental stress of employees arising from busy work, enhanced staff’s sense of identity with
enterprise and employee happiness and improved enterprise cohesion.
                                                            China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   119



                                                                          INVESTOR RELATIONS


The Company attaches great importance to maintaining close and effective communication with the capital market, and
builds sound relationship with investors through proactive interaction of various means. In 2019, the Company further
strengthened its investor relations’ initiatives under the principle of high transparency, accuracy, timeliness, fairness and
effectiveness.

The Company keeps improving the two-way communication channels with the capital market in order to maintain favourable
and long-term interaction with its shareholders and investors. On one hand, the Company endeavours to provide diversified
communication channels for capital market, while proactively responding to the major issues that it concerns and explaining
our strategies, development measures, transformation progress, latest industry development and related information, thereby
facilitating investors to conduct a more comprehensive analysis and have better knowledge of the investment value of the
Company. On the other hand, the investor relations team of the Company closely monitors the feedback from the capital
market and reports the opinions, suggestions and expectation to the management in a timely manner. Such action is
beneficial to the formulation of operation, management and development strategies of the Company, and makes great
contributions to promote sustainable development and enhance corporate value of the Company.



INVESTOR RELATIONS ACTIVITIES
In 2019, the Company maintained direct and close communications with its investors through diverse channels including
investor and press conferences, non-deal roadshows, investor forums organized by investment banks, one-on-one meetings,
teleconferences and video conferences to achieve effective interactions with investors. During the year, the Company held
meetings and communicated with analysts and investors through the above channels over 660 person-times, which increased
by over 40% year-on-year. The Company proactively conducted good communications with analysts to enhance their
understandings on the current and future development direction of the Company which also raised the awareness of the
Company among investors. As of the date of this report, nine more investment banks in the capital market initiated coverage
or resumed coverage of the Company with the issuance of research reports as compared with the end of 2018. All such
analysts from the investment banks rated the Company positively with “Buy”, “Overweight” and “Hold” ratings. At the
same time, through the new coverage and research by mainland brokers, the Company also proactively participated in
investor forums held by mainland brokers to connect with more mainland investors. The increased coverage by the capital
market on the Company and our more proactive communications with the market effectively facilitated our stock trading
that daily average trading volume in 2019 exceeded 13.5 million shares, increased by 57% year-on-year.

Moreover, the Company also promptly disseminates important information such as operation, development updates and
release of results of the Company to the capital market through various channels including announcements, circulars, press
releases and investor relations website, etc.




         2019 Interim Results Presentation
120 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



INVESTOR RELATIONS



ATTENDANCE ANALYSIS OF INVESTOR RELATIONS ACTIVITIES IN 2019

                                                         4%
                                                                                   37%
                                                38%




                                                                             21%




                      Results presentation     Meeting and conference call    Investor forum   Non-deal roadshow




List of Investor Relations Activities of the Company in 2019
  Date          Event                                                                                          Venue

  1/2019        UBS Greater China Conference 2019                                                              Shanghai
  1/2019        Crosby Peacock Series Corporate Day                                                            Hong Kong
  3/2019        2018 Annual Results Announcement                                                               Hong Kong
                — Analyst Briefing
                — Press Conference
  3/2019        Non-deal Roadshow                                                                              Hong Kong
  4/2019        Nomura Greater China TMT Corporate Day 2019                                                    Hong Kong
  5/2019        The 15th BOCI Investors Conference                                                             Beijing
  5/2019        J.P. Morgan Global China Summit 2019                                                           Beijing
  5/2019        HSBC 6th Annual China Conference                                                               Shenzhen
  5/2019        Macquarie Greater China Conference 2019                                                        Hong Kong
  5/2019        Goldman Sachs TechNet Conference — Asia Pacific 2019                                           Hong Kong
  5/2019        Morgan Stanley Fifth Annual China Summit                                                       Beijing
  6/2019        UBS Asia TMI Conference 2019                                                                   Hong Kong
  7/2019        Haitong TMT Corporate Day                                                                      Hong Kong
  8/2019        2019 Interim Results Announcement                                                              Hong Kong
                — Analyst Briefing
                — Press Conference
  8/2019        Non-deal Roadshow                                                                              Hong Kong
  11/2019       Goldman Sachs China Conference 2019                                                            Shenzhen
  11/2019       Citi 14th China Investor Conference                                                            Macau
  11/2019       Morgan Stanley Eighteenth Annual Asia Pacific Summit                                           Singapore
  12/2019       Nomura Corporate Day                                                                           Hong Kong
  12/2019       Everbright Securities 2020 Annual Conference                                                   Shanghai
                                                                             China Communications Services Corporation Limited      Annual Report 2019      121



                                                                                                          INVESTOR RELATIONS



SHAREHOLDING STRUCTURE
In 2019, the Company continued to appoint an international survey company to conduct two comprehensive surveys on the
shareholding structure to keep abreast of the information on its shareholders, including structure and position changes of
shareholders, shareholder type, geographical distribution and investment styles. When organizing its roadshows, the
Company would develop a targeted visiting list of shareholders and potential investors by referencing on the above
information. Such practice facilitated a more proactive and targeted interactive communications between the Company and
investors, thereby significantly enhancing the efficiency and effectiveness of investor relations initiatives.

The Company’s shares have been admitted in the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock
Connect Programmes which are open for trading by investors from Mainland China. According to the information from the
Central Clearing and Settlement System operated by the Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited, as at 31 December
2019, 3.25% of the issued H share capital of the Company was held by the investors from Mainland China through China
Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited.



SHAREHOLDING STRUCTURE1 AT OF 31 DECEMBER 2019


                                                                                                             51.39%
                                                                                                             China Telecommunications Corporation

                                                                                                             8.78%
                                                                                                             China Mobile Communications Group Co., Ltd.

                                                                                                             3.41%
                                                                                                             China United Network Communications
                                                                                                             Group Company Limited

                                                                                                             1.89%
                                                                                                             China National Postal and
                                                                                                             Telecommunications Appliances Co., Ltd.

                                                                                                             3.43%
                                                                                                             Hermes Investment Management Ltd

                                                                                                             3.15%
                                                                                                             Citigroup Inc.

                                                                                                             2.76%
                                                                                                             BlackRock, Inc.

                                                                                                             25.19%
                                                                                                             Other public shareholders




1
     For details of the material interests and short positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company, please refer to “Report of the Directors”.
122 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



INVESTOR RELATIONS



INFORMATION DISCLOSURE
The Company has strictly complied with the information disclosure requirements for listed companies and has considered
information disclosure as the responsibility and obligation that must be discharged for the protection of investors’ interest.
We have made information disclosure with consistent adherence to the principle of accuracy, timeliness, openness and
fairness and dedicate to improving the transparency of the Company in respect of information disclosure and facilitating the
capital market to gain a better understanding of the Company.

In 2019, in accordance with the Listing Rules, the Company published approximately 15 corporate communications such as
announcements and circulars on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company. Such publications have objectively
and comprehensively disclosed information regarding the Company’s results, operating performance, financial information,
dividend payment, connected transactions, poll results for general meetings and change of principal place of business in
Hong Kong, details of which are as follows:


1/02/2019       Audit committee charter
1/02/2019       Announcement relating to continuing connected transactions and discloseable transactions under the financial
                services framework agreement
27/02/2019      Circular relating to the continuing connected transactions under the financial services framework agreement
                and notice of the EGM
27/02/2019      Notice of extraordinary general meeting to be held on 18 April 2019, form of proxy and attendance slip
12/03/2019      Announcement relating to the date of board meeting to approve the 2018 annual results
28/03/2019      Announcement of annual results for the year ended 31 December 2018
18/04/2019      Announcement of poll results of the extraordinary general meeting held on 18 April 2019
24/04/2019      2018 annual report
24/04/2019      Notice of annual general meeting to be held on 21 June 2019, form of proxy and attendance slip
21/06/2019      Announcement of poll results of the 2019 annual general meeting held on 21 June 2019 and payment of
                dividend
1/08/2019       Announcement of the list of directors and their role and function
14/08/2019      Announcement relating to the date of board meeting to approve the 2019 interim results
27/08/2019      Announcement of interim results for the six months ended 30 June 2019
13/09/2019      2019 interim report
23/09/2019      Announcement of change of principal place of business in Hong Kong


Other than announcements and circulars, the Company’s website (www.chinaccs.com.hk) is also one of the important
channels for corporate information disclosure and provides capital market, media, shareholders and potential investors with a
more convenient and efficient access to the detailed information. The financial information, stock information, investment
value, business strategies and related information, annual reports and investor activities of the Company as well as hot topics
concerned by investors are systematically disclosed in the Investor Relations’ section of the website. The Company also
updates the content of the website in a timely manner to keep the capital market abreast of the Company’s latest
development.
                                                              China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   123



                                                                                         INVESTOR RELATIONS


In the beginning of 2019, the Company published the upgraded corporate website and added “Digital and Informatization
Solutions” page to introduce various smart services that the Company offers for different industries. Such upgrade is honored
with international awards, such as the Silver Award in “Websites — Investor Relations” and the Bronze Award in “Websites
— Corporate Web Sites” in the 2019 “Galaxy Awards” and the “Best IR Website (small to mid-cap)” award in the IR
Magazine Awards — Greater China 2019 organized by IR Magazine, a renowned international magazine focusing on investor
relations. The website is recognized for its creativity, effective enhancement of users’ experience, engaging content for users’
needs as well as multiplatform access.




          The Company's website




Annual report is not only an important document for information disclosure of a listed company in accordance with the
regulatory requirement, the Company can also disclose more comprehensive information to investors through the annual
report, such as its operating philosophy, strategies, current operating performance, development trends, corporate
governance and social responsibility. The Company therefore puts great emphasis on the preparation of annual report.
Through the detailed disclosures in the annual report, investors are able to have more adequate and comprehensive
understanding of the Company.

In 2019, the preparation and design of the 2018 annual report of the Company were again recognized by international
award organizations and received Platinum Award and ranked 24th in the Top 100 Reports Worldwide of the “Vision
Awards” in “The League of American Communications Professionals” (LACP) and 3 Gold Awards in “Cover Photo &
Design”,“Traditional Annual Report” and “Infographics” in “International ARC Awards”.
124 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



INVESTOR RELATIONS



DIVIDEND
The Company always values the interests and returns to shareholders since its listing, and distributes relatively stable and
sustainable dividend to shareholders. The Company determines the dividend payment for the year with reference to factors
such as the Company’s results performance, financial position, cash flow, long-term development and business needs and
other investment opportunities in the year. In 2019, the Group achieved satisfactory operating results and free cash flow for
the year. In view of the Company’s confidence in operating performance and future development, the Board has proposed to
distribute a final dividend of RMB0.1321 per share (equivalent to a payout ratio of 30%) and a special dividend of
RMB0.0264 per share. Total dividend for 2019 is RMB0.1585 per share (equivalent to a payout ratio of 36%).

Dividend distribution of the Company since its listing is set out in the chart below.


                                                                          Dividend Payout Ratio

                              40%2   40%    40%     40%        40%        40%        40%        30%        33%        36%        36%       36%        36%




     Dividend (RMB million)
                                                                                                                                                      1,0983
                                                                                                                                           1,044
                                                                           963                                                   977
                                                                                      896                             913
                                                                846
                                                                                                           770
                                                     727
                                            640                                                  645
                                     527
                              394




                              2007   2008   2009     2010       2011      2012       2013       2014       2015       2016       2017       2018       2019




2
             The 2007 dividend payout ratio is calculated after deducting the net profit contributed by the business in 13 provinces before 31 August 2007(being the
             completion date of the acquisitions) when such business was acquired by the Company.
3
             Subject to the approval at the 2019 annual general meeting to be held on 15 June 2020.
                                                             China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   125



                                                                                        INVESTOR RELATIONS



SHARE PRICE PERFORMANCE
The H shares issued by the Company were listed on the Stock Exchange on 8 December 2006 at an offer price of HK$2.2 per
share. Since its listing, the Company has captured market opportunities and adapted to the industry development trend, and
thereby achieved sustainable and steady development through the implementation of forward-looking development
strategies, enhancing competitiveness continuously by innovation and transformation, as well as adhering to the principle of
sound corporate governance. Besides, the Company implemented practical and effective investor relations initiatives. The
price of the Company’s H shares has been maintaining a favourable overall performance since its listing.


Share Price Performance Since Listing
From 8 December 2006 to 31 December 2019

400

350

300

250

200

150

100

 50

  0
  2007   2008   2009   2010    2011   2012   2013   2014   2015    2016     2017     2018    2019

      The Company (+163.9%)        HSI (+50.4%)     HSCEI (+29.4%)


In 2019, global stock markets benefited from the expansionary monetary policy of the Europe and the United States in
general while they were volatile due to the US-China trade negotiation. In the beginning of 2019, relevant department of
Chinese government stated that temporary 5G license would be issued in certain cities and the market focused on 5G related
stocks. Such news significantly stimulated the share price of the Company which reached the new high (HK$8.50) since
listing as the market expected that the results of the Company would benefit from 5G network construction during the year.
The stock price of the Company then retreated due to several factors, including a gap between market’s high expectation
while domestic telecommunications operators did not significantly increase investment in 2019, and performance indicators
of the Company pending further improvement in short-term during transformation etc. Thus, the Company’s stock
performance was relatively weak in the first three quarters. Entering the fourth quarter, the Company’s stock price stabilized
and then increased as Ministry of Industry and Information Technology announced the official commercial use of 5G,
stimulating the stock prices of 5G related companies. As at 31 December 2019, stock price of the Company decreased by
12.3% year-on-year (In 2018, stock price of the Company increased by 23.7% year-on-year).

  2019                                                                             Highest              Lowest                Closing

  Price per H share of the Company (HK$)                                              8.50                  4.31                  5.68
126 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



INVESTOR RELATIONS


Share Price Performance in 2019
From 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019

140

130

120

110

100

 90

 80

 70

 60

 50

 40


       The Company (–12.3%)          HSI (+9.1%)        HSCEI (+10.3%)


As at 31 December 2019, the total number of shares of the Company was 6,926,018,400 shares, including 4,534,598,160
domestic shares and 2,391,420,240 H shares, both at nominal value of RMB1.00 each. All the H shares of the Company are
listed on the Stock Exchange, representing approximately 34.5% of the total number of shares of the Company. Based on
the closing price as of 31 December 2019, the Company’s total market capitalization was about HK$39.3 billion.
                                                         China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   127



                                                                                    INVESTOR RELATIONS



MAJOR AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS IN 2019
1.   “15th Asian ESG Awards” by                              6.     “IR Magazine Awards — Greater
     Corporate Governance Asia                                      China 2019” by IR Magazine
     • The Best of Asia — Icon on Corporate Governance              • Best IR Website (small to mid-cap)
     • Asian Corporate Director
     • ESG Influencer                                        7.     “2019 Galaxy Awards”
                                                                    • Silver Award in “Websites — Investor Relations”
2.   “9th Asian Excellence Recognition                              • Bronze Award in “Websites — Corporate Web
     Awards” by Corporate Governance                                  Sites”
     Asia
     • Best CEO                                              8.     “Vision Awards” by LACP
     • Best Investor Relations                                      • Platinum Award
                                                                    • Rank 24th in the Top 100 Annual Reports
3.   “The Asset ESG Corporate Awards                                  Worldwide

     2019” by The Asset
     • Gold Award — Corporate Governance, Social             9.     “International ARC Awards”
       Responsibility and Investor Relations                        • Gold Award in “Cover Photo & Design”
     • Best CEO                                                     • Gold Award in “Traditional Annual Report”
                                                                    • Gold Award in “Infographics”

4.   “Best Multinational CEO List” by
                                                             10. “100 Most Competitive Software & IT
     Forbes China
     • Mr. Si Furong, an Executive Director and the              Service Enterprises 2019” coordinated
       President of the Company                                  by China Information Technology
                                                                 Industry Federation
5.   “Golden Hong Kong Equities                                     • Rank 5th
     Awards” by Zhitong Finance and
     Tonghuashun Finance                                     11. “2019 FORTUNE China 500” by
     • Best TMT Company                                          FORTUNE China
     • Most Socially Responsible Listed Company                     • Rank 86th


                                                             12. “2019 Forbes Global 2000 — World’s
                                                                 Largest Public Companies” by Forbes
                                                                    • Rank 1502nd
128 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



INVESTOR RELATIONS



RECOGNITIONS AND HONOURS IN THE CAPITAL MARKET
The Company has always been well recognized by the capital market. It has been admitted in certain indices in Hong Kong,
including the “Hang Seng Composite Index”, “Hang Seng Composite LargeCap & MidCap Index”, “Hang Seng China State-
holding Enterprises Index”, “Hang Seng Internet & Information Technology Index”, “Hang Seng Composite Industry Index —
Information Technology”, “Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong Composite Index“ and “Hang Seng SCHK China
Technology Index”.

As of the date of this report, approximately 18 international and mainland investment banks and institutions prepared and
published research reports for the Company on a regular basis, among which nine investment banks initiated or resumed
coverage on the Company in this year and significantly raised awareness of the Company in the capital market. Since its
listing, the Company’s investment value has also been recognized by the capital market. As of the date of this report, major
research institutions maintained positive investment ratings such as “Buy”, “Overweight”or “Hold” on the Company.

The Company has been dedicated to improving its management and operation in all aspects. In 2019, the Company was
recognized by many domestic and overseas organizations and institutions. Authoritative institutions such as Corporate
Governance Asia and The Asset offered recognitions and awards to the Company in respect of its ESG, corporate governance
and investor relations. Corporate Governance Asia awarded “Asian Corporate Director” to the Chairman, Mr. Zhang Zhiyong
while the President, Mr. Si Furong was awarded the “Best CEO”. Mr. Si was also awarded the “Best CEO” by The Asset and
entered the 2019 Forbes China “Best Multinational CEO List”. These awards demonstrated the capital market’s recognition
to our management. At “Golden Hong Kong Equities Awards”, the Company was granted “Best TMT Company” and “Most
Socially Responsible Listed Company”. Furthermore, the Company received various awards from international assessment
institutions in respect of the Company’s annual report and website.



OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS

Shareholder services
Any matters relating to shareholding, such as transfer of shares, change of name or address, and loss of share certificates
should be addressed in writing to the Registrar:

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712–1716, 17/F., Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong
Telephone: (852) 2862 8628
Facsimile: (852) 2529 6087

Shareholder enquiries
Enquiry hotline during normal office hours (Monday to Friday: 09:00–18:00):
Telephone: (852) 3699 0000

Investor relations enquiries
For enquiries from institutional investors and securities analysts, please contact:

Investor Relations Department, China Communications Services Corporation Limited
Room 1101–1102, 11/F., Great Eagle Centre, 23 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong
Telephone: (852) 3699 0000
Facsimile:    (852) 3699 0120
Email:        ir@chinaccs.com.hk
                                                               China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   129



                                           INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
CHINA COMMUNICATIONS SERVICES CORPORATION LIMITED
(Established in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)



OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Communications Services Corporation Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 134 to 234 which comprise the
consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2019, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity
and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements,
including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at 31 December 2019, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) and have been properly prepared in
compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.



BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the
Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.



KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
on these matters.
130 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

  Key audit matter                                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter


  Revenue recognition of construction service from non-telecom operators

  We identified revenue recognition of construction service                Our audit procedures in relation to revenue recognition of
  from non-telecom operators as a key audit matter due to                  construction service from non-telecom operators included:
  the judgement of recognising revenue over time or at a
  point in time since there is no standard contract terms                  •    Understanding and testing the key controls related
  with non-telecom operators and some contracts might                           to recognising revenue over time or at a point in
  not meet the criteria for recognising revenue over time.                      time;

  Revenue from construction contracts with non-telecom                     •    Testing the completeness and accuracy of the list of
  operators for construction services signed in 2019 and not                    the construction contracts with non-telecom
  yet completed on 31 December 2019 amounts to                                  operators for construction services signed in 2019
  RMB5,733 million.                                                             and not yet completed on 31 December 2019; and

  Details of revenue recognised on construction service and                •    Reviewing the terms of construction contracts, on a
  the related accounting policy of contract revenue are                         sample basis, to evaluate whether one of the
  disclosed in notes 4 and 2(s) to the consolidated financial                   following criteria for recognising revenue over time
  statements, respectively.                                                     is met:

                                                                                1.    The customer simultaneously receives and
                                                                                      consumes the benefits provided by the
                                                                                      Group’s performance as the Group performs;

                                                                                2.    The Group’s performance creates or enhances
                                                                                      an asset that the customer controls as the
                                                                                      Groups performs; or

                                                                                3.    The Group’s performance does not create an
                                                                                      asset with an alternative use to the Group and
                                                                                      the Group has an enforceable right to
                                                                                      payment for performance completed to date.
                                                              China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   131



                                                            INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or
our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have
performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
We have nothing to report in this regard.



RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE
FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for
such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements
that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but
to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.



AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion solely
to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high
level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
consolidated financial statements.
132 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or
      error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
      appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
      higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
      misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s
      internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
      disclosures made by the directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
      evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
      on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
      to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
      disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
      date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
      concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
      disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
      manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
      within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction,
      supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
                                                            China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   133



                                                         INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Ip Yat Hung.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong
31 March 2020
134 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




                                                                                            2019            2018
                                                                              Notes      RMB’000         RMB’000


  Revenues                                                                      4      117,413,089    106,176,637
  Cost of revenues                                                              5     (103,726,130)   (93,291,671)


  Gross profit                                                                          13,686,959     12,884,966
  Other operating income                                                        6        1,554,755      1,244,889
  Selling, general and administrative expenses                                         (11,494,404)   (10,611,071)
  Other operating expenses                                                      7         (333,299)      (173,722)
  Finance costs                                                                 8          (68,888)       (25,179)
  Share of profits of associates and joint ventures                                        148,478        105,421


  Profit before tax                                                              9       3,493,601      3,425,304
  Income tax                                                                    10        (463,802)      (497,405)


  Profit for the year                                                                    3,029,799      2,927,899


  Attributable to:
    Equity shareholders of the Company                                                   3,049,229      2,901,324
    Non-controlling interests                                                              (19,430)        26,575


  Profit for the year                                                                    3,029,799      2,927,899


  Basic earnings per share (RMB)                                                15           0.440          0.419




The notes on pages 142 to 234 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                             China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   135

        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
               AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2019




                                                                                                         2019                   2018
                                                                                    Note              RMB’000                RMB’000


  Profit for the year                                                                                3,029,799              2,927,899


  Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year (after tax)

  Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss (after tax):
  Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income:
     Net movement in the fair value reserve                                           11               263,452               (205,066)

  Item that may be subsequently reclassified
     to profit or loss (after tax):
  Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of
     subsidiaries outside Mainland China                                                                 (2,646)                 9,968


                                                                                                       260,806               (195,098)


  Total comprehensive income for the year                                                            3,290,605              2,732,801


  Attributable to:
    Equity shareholders of the Company                                                               3,309,973              2,706,214
    Non-controlling interests                                                                          (19,368)                26,587


  Total comprehensive income for the year                                                            3,290,605              2,732,801




The notes on pages 142 to 234 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
136 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
FINANCIAL POSITION
At 31 December 2019




                                                                                   31 December   31 December
                                                                                          2019          2018
                                                                           Notes       RMB’000       RMB’000


  Non-current assets
   Property, plant and equipment, net                                       16       4,369,251     4,384,700
   Right-of-use assets                                                      17       1,895,996             –
   Investment properties                                                    18         563,820       606,065
   Construction in progress                                                 19         282,365       342,427
   Lease prepayments                                                        20               –       722,672
   Goodwill                                                                 21         103,005       103,005
   Other intangible assets                                                  22         505,278       355,339
   Interests in associates and joint ventures                               23         418,336       318,059
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                    31         818,268             –
   Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income      24       4,088,204     3,737,553
   Deferred tax assets                                                      25         690,341       622,202
   Other non-current assets                                                 26         553,819     1,220,145


  Total non-current assets                                                          14,288,683    12,412,167


  Current assets
    Inventories                                                             27       1,974,150     2,253,027
    Accounts and bills receivable, net                                      28      19,092,825    18,668,024
    Contract assets, net                                                    29      17,153,529    15,664,758
    Prepayments and other current assets                                    30       8,771,768     8,646,123
    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                   31       4,567,824     5,046,898
    Restricted deposits                                                     32       2,471,515     2,128,757
    Cash and cash equivalents                                               33      19,220,764    16,106,246


  Total current assets                                                              73,252,375    68,513,833


  Total assets                                                                      87,541,058    80,926,000


  Current liabilities
    Interest-bearing borrowings                                             34         511,234       462,003
    Accounts and bills payable                                              35      30,674,619    28,279,533
    Current portion of lease liabilities                                    36         343,281             –
    Contract liabilities                                                    37      10,087,102     8,648,060
    Accrued expenses and other payables                                     38       8,730,235     9,017,427
    Income tax payable                                                                 337,372       323,514


  Total current liabilities                                                         50,683,843    46,730,537


  Net current assets                                                                22,568,532    21,783,296


  Total assets less current liabilities                                             36,857,215    34,195,463
                                                           China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   137



                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                               At 31 December 2019




                                                                                              31 December             31 December
                                                                                                     2019                    2018
                                                                                  Notes           RMB’000                 RMB’000


  Non-current liabilities
   Interest-bearing borrowings                                                      34                     –                  8,922
   Lease liabilities                                                                36               690,172                      –
   Other non-current liabilities                                                    39               295,527                617,488
   Deferred tax liabilities                                                         25               833,744                740,192


  Total non-current liabilities                                                                    1,819,443              1,366,602


  Total liabilities                                                                              52,503,286             48,097,139


  Equity
    Share capital                                                                   40            6,926,018              6,926,018
    Reserves                                                                                     27,637,892             25,405,305


  Equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                                      34,563,910             32,331,323
  Non-controlling interests                                                                         473,862                497,538


  Total equity                                                                                   35,037,772             32,828,861


  Total liabilities and equity                                                                   87,541,058             80,926,000


The notes on pages 142 to 234 form part of these consolidated financial statements.

The consolidated financial statements on pages 134 to 234 were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors
on 31 March 2020 and are signed on its behalf by:




                       Zhang Zhiyong                                                      Zhang Xu
                          Chairman                                              Executive Vice President and
                                                                          Chief Financial Officer, Executive Director
138 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31 December 2019



                                                                          Equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company

                                                                                  Statutory                                                                                   Non-
                                              Share          Share     Capital      surplus      Specific Fair value Exchange         Other   Retained                  controlling       Total
                                             capital     premium       reserve      reserve      reserve    reserve    reserve      reserve   earnings        Total       interests      equity
                                      Notes RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000            RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                           (note a)    (note b)      (note c)    (note d)    (note e)   (note f)


  Balance as at 31 December 2018
     (audited)                                6,926,018 4,529,310 1,851,936 1,219,710           225,299 2,197,233        15,575     (68,310) 15,434,552 32,331,323         497,538 32,828,861
  Adjustments                          3              –         –         –         –                 –         –             –           –     (32,754)   (32,754)           (341)   (33,095)


  Balance as at 1 January 2019
     (restated)                               6,926,018 4,529,310 1,851,936 1,219,710           225,299 2,197,233        15,575     (68,310) 15,401,798 32,298,569         497,197 32,795,766
  Changes in equity for the year
     ended 31 December 2019
     Profit for the year                             –           –           –             –           –           –          –          –    3,049,229    3,049,229       (19,430) 3,029,799
     Other comprehensive income/
         (expense) for the year                      –           –           –             –           –    263,452      (2,708)         –            –     260,744             62      260,806


  Total comprehensive income/
     (expense) for the year                          –           –           –             –           –    263,452      (2,708)         –    3,049,229    3,309,973       (19,368) 3,290,605


  Dividend declared                   14(b)          –           –           –             –           –           –          –          – (1,044,444) (1,044,444)                – (1,044,444)
  Distribution to non-controlling
       interests                                     –           –           –            –            –           –          –          –            –            –        (4,155)       (4,155)
  Appropriation                                      –           –           –      119,831            –           –          –          –     (119,831)           –             –             –
  Appropriation of specific reserve                  –           –           –            –      681,925           –          –          –     (681,925)           –             –             –
  Utilisation of specific reserve                    –           –           –            –     (636,950)          –          –          –      636,950            –             –             –
  Others                                             –           –        (188)           –            –           –          –          –            –         (188)          188             –


  Balance as at 31 December 2019              6,926,018 4,529,310 1,851,748 1,339,541           270,274 2,460,685        12,867     (68,310) 17,241,777 34,563,910         473,862 35,037,772


  Balance as at 1 January 2018                6,926,018 4,529,310 1,852,461 1,051,256           198,140 2,402,299         5,619     (68,310) 13,706,102 30,602,895         490,166 31,093,061
  Changes in equity for the year
     ended 31 December 2018
     Profit for the year                             –           –           –             –           –           –          –          –    2,901,324    2,901,324        26,575     2,927,899
     Other comprehensive (expense)/
         income for the year                         –           –           –             –           –    (205,066)     9,956          –            –     (195,110)           12      (195,098)


  Total comprehensive (expense)/
     income for the year                             –           –           –             –           –    (205,066)     9,956          –    2,901,324    2,706,214        26,587     2,732,801


  Dividend declared                   14(b)          –           –           –             –           –           –          –          –     (977,261)    (977,261)             –     (977,261)
  Distribution to non-controlling
       interests                                     –           –           –            –            –           –          –          –            –            –       (13,589)      (13,589)
  Appropriation                                      –           –           –      168,454            –           –          –          –     (168,454)           –              –             –
  Appropriation of specific reserve                  –           –           –            –      570,948           –          –          –     (570,948)           –              –             –
  Utilisation of specific reserve                    –           –           –            –     (543,789)          –          –          –      543,789            –              –             –
  Others                                             –           –        (525)           –            –           –          –          –            –         (525)        (5,626)       (6,151)


  Balance as at 31 December 2018              6,926,018 4,529,310 1,851,936 1,219,710           225,299 2,197,233        15,575     (68,310) 15,434,552 32,331,323         497,538 32,828,861
                                                                                 China Communications Services Corporation Limited     Annual Report 2019    139



                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2019



Notes:


(a)      Share premium


         The share premium represents the difference between the total amount of the par value of shares issued and the amount of the net proceeds received
         from the initial public offering in 2006 and subsequent share issuance in 2008 and 2012 respectively.


(b)      Capital reserve


         The capital reserve mainly represents the difference between the total amount of the par value of shares issued and the amount of the net assets
         transferred from China Telecommunications Corporation (“CTC”), Guangdong Telecom Industry Group Corporation and Zhejiang Telecom Industry
         Corporation upon the formation of the Company and the difference between the consideration for the acquisition of Target Business (as defined in note
         1(b)) and the net assets value of the Target Business in 2007.


(c)      Statutory surplus reserve


         According to the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) Company Law and the Articles of Association of the Company and its PRC subsidiaries, these
         companies are required to transfer 10% of their respective net profit as determined in accordance with the PRC Accounting Rules and Regulations to the
         statutory surplus reserve until the reserve balance reaches 50% of the registered capital. The transfer to this reserve must be made before distribution of
         a dividend to shareholders.


         Statutory surplus reserve can be used to make good previous years’ losses, if any, or to expand the business, and may be converted into share capital by
         the issuance of new shares to shareholders in proportion to their existing shareholdings or by increasing the par value of the shares currently held by
         them, provided that the balance after such issue is not less than 25% of the registered capital.


         The amount represents the statutory surplus reserve appropriated by the Company and the statutory surplus reserve appropriated by the Company’s
         subsidiaries is not presented.


         For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Company transferred RMB120 million (2018: RMB168 million) being 10% of the profit for the current year as
         determined in accordance with the PRC Accounting Rules and Regulations to this reserve.


(d)      Specific reserve


         Pursuant to the relevant PRC regulations, the Group appropriated and utilised the provision for production safety. The Group is required to make a
         transfer for the provision for production safety from retained earnings to a specific reserve. The provision for production safety could be utilised when
         expenses or capital expenditures on production safety measures are incurred. The amount of the provision for production safety utilised would be
         transferred from the specific reserve back to retained earnings.


(e)      Fair value reserve


         The fair value reserve represents the net change in the fair value of equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income held at the end
         of the reporting period.


(f)      Exchange reserve


         The exchange reserve represents all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of subsidiaries located outside
         Mainland China.




The notes on pages 142 to 234 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
140 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




                                                                                  2019          2018
                                                                               RMB’000       RMB’000


  Operating activities
  Profit before tax                                                           3,493,601     3,425,304
  Adjustments for:
    Depreciation and amortisation                                             1,251,618       838,137
    Impairment losses on accounts receivable, other receivables and
       contract assets, net                                                     264,630       289,992
    Impairment losses on inventories, net                                        37,988        27,944
    Impairment losses on associates                                               8,815              –
    Interest income                                                            (245,370)     (181,612)
    Finance costs                                                                68,888        25,179
    Share of profits of associates and joint ventures                          (148,478)     (105,421)
    Dividend income                                                            (143,868)        (1,575)
    Investment income and fair value gains of financial instruments at fair
       value through profit or loss                                            (220,203)     (252,058)
    Gain on disposal of associates and subsidiaries                                (687)       (20,206)
    Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment, construction
       in progress, other intangible assets, leasehold lands and
       termination of lease, net                                                (44,845)       (48,588)
    Exchange differences, net                                                    11,944         23,899
    Write-back of non-payable liabilities                                       (54,806)       (37,184)


  Operating profit before changes in working capital                          4,279,227     3,983,811


  Decrease in inventories                                                        240,889         5,078
  Increase in accounts and bills receivable                                     (583,035)     (188,956)
  Increase in contract assets                                                 (1,518,487)   (4,208,117)
  Increase in prepayments and other current assets                              (507,502)     (166,367)
  Increase in accounts and bills payable                                       2,395,086     3,693,666
  Increase in contract liabilities                                             1,439,042       358,185
  (Decrease)/increase in accrued expenses and other payables                    (557,856)    1,177,350


  Net cash inflow from operations                                             5,187,364     4,654,650


  Interest paid                                                                 (67,312)      (20,598)
  Interest received                                                             221,854       206,616
  Income tax paid                                                              (530,255)     (579,697)


  Net cash generated from operating activities                                4,811,651     4,260,971
                                                           China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   141



                                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




                                                                                                       2019                   2018
                                                                                  Note              RMB’000                RMB’000


  Investing activities
    Payments for purchase of property, plant and equipment, construction
      in progress, other intangible assets and investment properties                              (1,025,735)              (932,087)
    Payments for leasehold lands                                                                    (154,474)                (55,292)
    Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment and
      other intangible assets                                                                         71,005                201,428
    Proceeds from disposal of leasehold lands                                                         15,416                 66,716
    Restricted bank deposits (paid)/received                                                         (95,460)               626,116
    Dividends received                                                                               207,608                 55,928
    Proceeds from disposal of investments                                                              1,869                 17,270
    Payments for acquisition of wealth management products and
      structured deposits                                                                         (9,950,000)          (10,650,000)
    Proceeds from disposal of wealth management products and
      structured deposits                                                                        10,450,000             10,650,000
    Payments for acquisition of investments                                                         (88,965)              (759,359)
    Other cash paid related to investing activities                                                    (176)                (21,237)
    Other cash received related to investing activities                                             257,596                249,631


  Net cash used in investing activities                                                             (311,316)              (550,886)


  Financing activities
    Proceeds from bank and other loans                                                               125,945                793,786
    Repayments of bank and other loans                                                               (98,603)              (660,823)
    Repayments of leases liabilities                                                                (350,303)                      –
    Dividends paid                                                                                (1,062,172)            (1,013,058)
    Other cash paid related to financing activities                                                        –                  (5,768)
    Other cash received related to financing activities                                                    –                     153


  Net cash used in financing activities                                                           (1,385,133)              (885,710)


  Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                       3,115,202              2,824,375
  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                                 16,106,246             13,266,631
  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                              (684)                15,240


  Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                          33           19,220,764             16,106,246




The notes on pages 142 to 234 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
142 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




1. PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND ORGANISATION

      (a) Principal activities
             China Communications Services Corporation Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively
             referred to as the “Group”) is a leading service provider in the PRC that provides integrated comprehensive smart
             solutions in the field of informatisation and digitalization. The Group offers telecommunications infrastructure
             services, including design, construction and project supervision and management; business process outsourcing
             services, including management of infrastructure for information technology, general facilities management,
             supply chain and products distribution; and applications, content and other services, including system integration,
             software development and system support, and value-added services.


      (b) Organisation
             The Company was established in the PRC on 30 August 2006 as a joint stock limited company under the
             Company Law of the PRC as part of the Restructuring (as defined below) of CTC, a state-owned enterprise under
             the direct supervision of the State Council of the PRC. Pursuant to the Restructuring, the Group assumed the
             telecommunications support services previously carried on by various subsidiaries wholly-owned or controlled by
             CTC in six provinces and municipality in the PRC, namely, Guangdong Province, Zhejiang Province, Shanghai
             Municipality, Fujian Province, Hubei Province and Hainan Province (collectively, the “Predecessor Operations”)
             from CTC. The Company was founded by CTC, Guangdong Telecom Industry Group Corporation and Zhejiang
             Telecom Industry Corporation by ways of the injection of those subsidiaries carrying on the Predecessor
             Operations and cash contributions.

             In connection with the Restructuring, the Predecessor Operations together with the related assets and liabilities
             that were to be transferred to the Group were segregated from CTC effective on 31 March 2006 (the
             “Restructuring”). The Restructuring comprised the following:

             (i)     CTC underwent a restructuring programme in connection with its full range of telecommunications related
                     services, namely (1) telecommunications infrastructure design, construction and project supervision and
                     management; (2) business process outsourcing (including management of infrastructure for information
                     technologies business, general facilities management and distribution of telecommunications services and
                     products); and (3) a variety of other services including applications, content and others.

             (ii)    The net assets were injected into the Company by ways of asset injection of those subsidiaries carrying on
                     the Predecessor Operations in consideration of approximately 3,623.4 million ordinary shares with a par
                     value of RMB1.00 each.

             (iii)   The Group, immediately after the Restructuring, contains substantially all of the operating assets and
                     liabilities relating to the Predecessor Operations, comprising (1) telecommunications infrastructure design,
                     construction and project supervision and management; (2) business process outsourcing (including
                     management of infrastructure for information technologies business, general facilities management,
                     distribution of telecommunications services and products); and (3) a variety of other services including
                     applications, content and others.

             (iv)    In connection with the Restructuring, certain assets and liabilities historically associated with the Predecessor
                     Operations were not transferred to the Company and were retained by CTC.

             The above Restructuring procedures primarily resulted in an effect of the transfer from CTC to the Company of
             the operating assets and liabilities relating to the telecommunications related services carried on by the
             Predecessor Operations, which were previously owned or controlled by CTC prior to the Restructuring.
                                                        China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   143


                                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019




1. PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND ORGANISATION (continued)

   (b) Organisation (continued)
       In December 2006, the Company issued 1,291,293,000 H shares with a par value of RMB1.00 each, at a price of
       HKD2.20 per H share by way of an initial public offering (the “IPO”) to Hong Kong and overseas investors. In
       connection with the IPO, 129,129,300 domestic state-owned shares of RMB1.00 each owned by CTC and its
       subsidiaries were converted into H shares and transferred to the National Council for Social Security Fund of the
       PRC (“SSF”). In December 2006, the Company also issued 193,693,000 H shares with a par value of RMB1.00
       each, at a price of HKD2.20 per H share upon the exercise of the over-allotment option. In connection with the
       exercise of the over-allotment option, 19,369,300 domestic state owned shares of RMB1.00 each owned by CTC
       and its subsidiaries were converted into H shares and transferred to SSF. In April 2008, the Company completed
       the placing of 326,696,000 H shares with a par value of RMB1.00 each at a price of RMB5.25 (the “Placing”). In
       connection with the Placing, 32,669,600 domestic legal person shares of RMB1.00 each owned by SSF was
       converted into H shares. On 8 February 2012, the Company issued 398,570,040 H shares on the basis of 2 H
       rights shares for every 10 existing H shares at a price of HKD3.19 per H rights share, and issued 755,766,360
       domestic shares on the basis of 2 domestic rights shares for every 10 existing domestic shares at a price of
       RMB2.59 per domestic rights share. A total of 2,391,420,240 H shares have been listed on The Stock Exchange
       of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

       Pursuant to the acquisition agreement dated 15 June 2007, the Company acquired the telecommunications
       infrastructure services, business process outsourcing services and applications, content and other services located
       in Jiangsu Province, Anhui Province, Jiangxi Province, Hunan Province, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region,
       Chongqing Municipality, Sichuan Province, Guizhou Province, Yunnan Province, Shaanxi Province, Gansu
       Province, Qinghai Province and Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, together with the equity interests in
       Guangdong Nanfang Communication GSM Intelligent Card System Co., Ltd and Ningbo Public Information
       Industry Co., Ltd (the “Target Business”) from CTC. Such acquisition was completed on 31 August 2007.

       Pursuant to the Equity Transfer Agreements entered into by the Company and CTC and its subsidiaries on 26 May
       2009, the Company acquired a 95.945% equity interest in Shanghai Tongmao Import & Export Co. Ltd (“Shanghai
       Tongmao”) and a 51% equity interest in Guoxin Lucent Technologies Network Technologies Co., Ltd (“Guoxin
       Lucent”, now renamed as “Guoxun Innovation Software Technology Co., Ltd”) for a total purchase price of
       RMB98.05 million.

       Pursuant to the Equity Transfer Agreements entered into by the Group and CTC’s subsidiaries on 20 June 2012,
       the Group completed acquisition on 30 June 2012 of (i) 100% equity interest in each of Ningxia Communications
       Constructions Co., Ltd. (“Ningxia Construction”) and Ningxia Telecom Constructions Supervision Consultancy
       Co., Ltd. (“Ningxia Supervision”); and (ii) 100% equity interest in Xinjiang Communications Planning & Designing
       Institute Co., Ltd. (“Xinjiang Planning & Designing”) (collectively the “Target Interests”), for a consideration of
       RMB51.07 million.

       Pursuant to the Equity Transfer Agreements entered into by the Group and China Telecommunications
       Corporation Industrial Assets Management Centre (a directly wholly-owned subsidiary of CTC) on 20 June 2012,
       the Group completed acquisition on 26 July 2012 of 51% equity interest in Sino-British Submarine Systems Co.,
       Ltd. (“SBSS”) and all the associated rights and obligations for a total consideration of RMB264.60 million.
144 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




1. PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND ORGANISATION (continued)

      (b) Organisation (continued)
             The Company established China Comservice Supply Chain Management Company Ltd. in July 2015. The initial
             registered capital was RMB50 million. The Company paid the capital contribution of RMB10 million and RMB40
             million respectively on 24 August 2015 and 30 March 2017. In December 2017, the registered capital of China
             Comservice Supply Chain Management Company Ltd was increased to RMB108.41 million. In 2018, the
             registered capital of China Comservice Supply Chain Management Company Ltd was increased to RMB928.73
             million.

             The Company established Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Communications Services Company Limited in
             January 2016. The registered capital was RMB10 million. The Company paid the initial capital contribution of
             RMB5 million on 24 March 2016.

             The Company established Comservice Capital Holding Company Limited in May 2017. The registered capital is
             RMB500 million. The Company paid the capital contribution of RMB100 million and RMB400 million respectively
             on 29 June 2017 and 29 June 2018.

             In 2017, the Company’s subsidiaries, Fujian Communications Services Company Limited, Hubei Communications
             Services Company Limited and Guizhou Communications Services Company Limited, made capital reduction of
             RMB30.41 million, RMB20 million and RMB8 million, respectively.

             In 2018, the Company’s subsidiaries, Guangdong Communications Services Company Limited, Zhejiang
             Communications Services Holdings Group Company Limited, Shanghai Communications Services Company
             Limited and Jiangsu Communications Services Company Limited, made capital reduction of RMB120 million,
             RMB100 million, RMB100.32 million and RMB100 million, respectively.



2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

      (a) Statement of compliance
             The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with International Financial
             Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). IFRSs include
             all applicable individual IFRSs, International Accounting Standards (“IASs”) and related interpretations. The
             consolidated financial statements also comply with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
             Ordinance (“CO”) and the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The
             Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”). A summary of the significant accounting policies adopted
             by the Group is set out below.

             The IASB has issued certain new and revised IFRSs that are first effective or available for early adoption for the
             current year of the Group. Note 3 provides information on any changes in accounting policies resulting from
             initial application of these developments to the extent that they are relevant to the Group for the current and
             prior years reflected in these consolidated financial statements.
                                                           China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   145


                                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

   (b) Basis of preparation of the consolidated financial statements
       The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 comprise the Group and its interests
       in associates and joint ventures.

       The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain financial
       instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting
       policies set out below.

       Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.

       Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
       between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or
       estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes
       into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into
       account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure
       purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based
       payment transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment, leasing transactions that are
       within the scope of IFRS 16 Leases (since 1 January 2019) or IAS 17 Leases (before application of IFRS 16), and
       measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in IAS 2
       Inventories or value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets.

       In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based
       on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the
       inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

       •     Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity
             can access at the measurement date;

       •     Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset
             or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

       •     Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

       The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRSs requires management to make
       judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and reported amounts
       of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical
       experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of
       which form the basis of making the judgements about carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not
       readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

       The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
       are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the
       period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

       Judgements made by management in the application of IFRSs that have significant effect on the consolidated
       financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in note 44.
146 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      (c) Basis of consolidation
             (i)   Business combinations involving enterprises under common control
                   A business combination involving enterprises under common control is a business combination in which all
                   of the combining enterprises are ultimately controlled by the same party or parties both before and after
                   the business combination, and that control is not transitory. The assets and liabilities obtained are measured
                   at the carrying amounts as recorded by the enterprise being combined at the combination date. The
                   difference between the carrying amount of the net assets obtained and the carrying amount of
                   consideration paid for the combination (or the total face value of shares issued) is adjusted to capital
                   reserve. The combination date is the date on which one combining enterprise effectively obtains control of
                   the other combining enterprises.


             (ii) Business combinations involving entities not under common control
                   A business combination involving entities not under common control is a business combination in which all
                   of the combining entities are not ultimately controlled by the same party or parties before the business
                   combination.

                   The acquirer, at the acquisition date, allocates the cost of the business combination by recognising the
                   acquiree’s identifiable asset, liabilities and contingent liabilities at their fair value at that date.


             (iii) Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests
                   The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
                   controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

                   a.     has power over the investee;

                   b.     is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

                   c.     has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

                   The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there
                   are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

                   Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when
                   the Group loses control of the subsidiary.

                   Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate
                   share of the entity’s net assets in the event of liquidation may be initially measured either at fair value or at
                   the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable
                   net assets. The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis. Other types of
                   non-controlling interests are measured at their fair value or, when applicable, on the basis specified in
                   another IFRS.

                   Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company
                   and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners
                   of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests
                   having a deficit balance.
                                                          China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   147


                                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

   (c) Basis of consolidation (continued)
       (iii) Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (continued)
           When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting
           policies into line with the Group’s accounting policies.

           All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
           between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

           Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the
           subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant
           components of equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative
           interests in the subsidiaries, including re-attribution of relevant reserves between the Group and the non-
           controlling interests according to the Group’s and the non-controlling interests’ proportionate interests. Any
           difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair value of
           the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.

           When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary and non-controlling
           interests (if any) are derecognised. A gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is calculated as the
           difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value of any
           retained interest and (ii) the previous carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill), and liabilities of
           the subsidiary attributable to the owners of the Company. All amounts previously recognised in other
           comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed
           of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another
           category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable IFRSs). The fair value of any investment retained in
           the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for
           subsequent accounting under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments, or when applicable, the cost on initial
           recognition of an investment in an associate or a joint venture.


       (iv) Investments in associates and joint ventures
           Associates are entities in which the Group has significant influence, but not control or joint control, over its
           management, including participation in the financial and operating decisions.

           A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have
           rights to the net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control
           of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous
           consent of the parties sharing control.
148 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      (c) Basis of consolidation (continued)
             (iv) Investments in associates and joint ventures (continued)
                   Investments in associates or joint ventures are accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under
                   the equity method. Under the equity method, the investments are initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any
                   excess of the Group’s share of the acquisition-date fair values of the investees’ identifiable net assets over
                   the cost of the investment (if any, after reassessment) which is recognised in the consolidated statement of
                   profit or loss. Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of
                   the investee’s profit or loss and other comprehensive income. The Group’s share of the post-acquisition,
                   post-tax results of the investees and any impairment losses for the year are recognised in the consolidated
                   statement of profit or loss, whereas the Group’s share of the post-acquisition post-tax items of the
                   investees’ other comprehensive income is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
                   other comprehensive income. Changes in net assets of associates or joint ventures other than profit or loss
                   and other comprehensive income are not accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes in
                   ownership interest held by the Group.

                   When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or joint venture (which includes any
                   long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate or joint
                   venture), the Group’s interest is reduced to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to
                   the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the
                   investee.

                   Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates or joint
                   ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses
                   provide evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately
                   in profit or loss.

                   When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate or a joint venture but the Group continues
                   to use the equity method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that had
                   previously been recognised in other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in ownership interest
                   if that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities.
                                                            China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   149


                                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

   (d) Goodwill
       Goodwill represents the excess of

       (i)    the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest
              in the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree; over

       (ii)   the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.

       When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain
       purchase after reassessment.

       Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill arising on a business combination
       involving entities not under common control is allocated to each cash-generating unit, or group of cash
       generating units, which is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination and is tested annually for
       impairment, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management
       purposes and not larger than an operating segment (see note 2(l)).

       On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of cash-
       generating units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount of profit or
       loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the cash-generating unit (or a cash-generating
       unit within a group of cash-generating units), the amount of goodwill disposed of is measured on the basis of the
       relative values of the operation (or the cash-generating unit) disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating
       unit (or the group of cash-generating units) retained.


   (e) Investment properties
       Investment properties are buildings which are owned to earn rental income and/or for capital appreciation.

       Investment properties are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less accumulated
       depreciation and impairment losses (see note 2(l)). Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost less estimated
       residual value if applicable and is charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives
       ranging from 20 years to 30 years.

       When an item of property, plant and equipment is transferred to investment property evidenced by end of
       owner-occupation or when an investment property commencement of owner-occupation and reclassified as
       property, plant and equipment, its costs at the date of reclassification becomes its cost for accounting purposes.
150 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      (f) Property, plant and equipment
             Property, plant and equipment are initially recorded at cost, less subsequent accumulated depreciation and
             impairment losses (see note 2(l)). The cost of an asset comprises its purchase price, any directly attributable costs
             of bringing the asset to working condition and location for its intended use and the cost of borrowed funds used
             during the periods of construction. Expenditure incurred after the asset has been put into operation, including
             cost of replacing part of such an item, is capitalised only when it increases the future economic benefits embodied
             in the item of property, plant and equipment and the cost can be measured reliably. All other expenditure is
             expensed as it is incurred.

             Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are
             determined as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the item and are
             recognised in profit or loss on the date of retirement or disposal.

             Depreciation is provided to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment, less their estimated
             residual value, if any, using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives as follows:

             Buildings                                                            20–30 years
             Building improvements                                                    5 years
             Motor vehicles                                                        5–10 years
             Furniture, fixtures and other equipment                               3–20 years

             The useful life of an asset and its residual value, if any, and depreciation method are reviewed annually.


      (g) Construction in progress
             Construction in progress is stated at cost less impairment losses (see note 2(l)). Cost comprises direct costs of
             construction, capitalisation of interest charge and foreign exchange differences on related borrowed funds to the
             extent that they are regarded as an adjustment to interest charges, during the period of construction.

             Capitalisation of these costs ceases and the construction in progress is transferred to property, plant and
             equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the asset for its intended use are completed.
             No depreciation is provided in respect of construction in progress until it is completed and ready for its intended
             use.


      (h) Lease prepayments (before application of IFRS 16 on 1 January 2019)
             Lease prepayments represent land use rights paid to the PRC’s government authorities. Land use rights are carried
             at cost and are charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the respective periods of the rights.
                                                            China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   151


                                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

   (i) Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
       Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

       An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development phase of
       an internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

       a.    the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;

       b.    the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

       c.    the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;

       d.    how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

       e.    the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use
             or sell the intangible asset; and

       f.    the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development.

       The expenditure capitalised includes the costs of materials, direct labour and an appropriate proportion of
       overheads and borrowing costs, where applicable (see note 2(v)). Capitalised development costs are stated at cost
       less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses (see note 2(l)). Other development expenditure is recognised
       as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

       Other intangible assets that are acquired by the Group are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation (where
       the estimated useful life is finite) and impairment losses (see note 2(l)).

       Amortisation of intangible assets with finite useful lives is charged to profit or loss from the date they are available
       for use on a straight-line basis over the assets’ estimated useful lives.

       Both the period and method of amortisation are reviewed annually.


   (j) Leases
       Definition of a lease (upon application of IFRS 16 in accordance with transitions in note 3.1)
       A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a
       period of time in exchange for consideration.

       For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application, the Group assesses whether a
       contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under IFRS 16 at inception, or modification date or
       acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the
       contract are subsequently changed.
152 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      (j) Leases (continued)
             The Group as a lessee (upon application of IFRS 16 in accordance with transitions in note 3.1)
             Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
             For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the
             Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-
             alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

             Non-lease components are separated from lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone prices.


             Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
             The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of buildings, motor vehicles and other
             equipment that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a
             purchase option. It also applies the recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets. Lease payments on short-
             term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.


             Right-of-use assets
             The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

             •     the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

             •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;

             •     any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

             •     an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets,
                   restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the
                   terms and conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce inventories.

             Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted
             for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

             Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased assets
             at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life. Otherwise,
             right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the
             lease term.

             The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.
                                                         China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   153


                                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

   (j) Leases (continued)
       The Group as a lessee (upon application of IFRS 16 in accordance with transitions in note 3.1)
       (continued)
       Refundable rental deposits
       Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (“IFRS 9”) and initially measured
       at fair value. Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and
       included in the cost of right-of-use assets.


       Lease liabilities
       Except for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability
       at the present value of lease payments that are unpaid at the commencement date of the lease. In calculating the
       present value of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement
       date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

       The lease payments include:

       •     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;

       •     variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at
             the commencement date;

       •     amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;

       •     the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise the option; and

       •     payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising an option to
             terminate the lease.

       After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

       The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use assets)
       whenever:

       •     the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in
             which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised
             discount rate at the date of reassessment;

       •     the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review/expected
             payment under a guaranteed residual value, in which cases the related lease liability is remeasured by
             discounting the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate.

       The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.
154 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      (j) Leases (continued)
             The Group as a lessee (upon application of IFRS 16 in accordance with transitions in note 3.1)
             (continued)
             Lease modifications
             The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

             •     the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying assets;
                   and

             •     the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price for the
                   increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the circumstances of
                   the particular contract.

             For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability
             based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount
             rate at the effective date of the modification.

             The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities and lease incentives from lessor by making
             corresponding adjustments to the relevant right-of-use asset. When the modified contract contains a lease
             component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in
             the modified contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease
             component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.


             The Group as a lessor (upon application of IFRS 16 in accordance with transitions in note 3.1)
             Classification and measurement of leases
             Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. Whenever the terms of the
             lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to the lessee,
             the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases.

             Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognised as receivables at commencement date at amounts
             equal to net investments in the leases, measured using the interest rate implicit in the respective leases. Initial
             direct costs (other than those incurred by manufacturer or dealer lessors) are included in the initial measurement
             of the net investments in the leases. Interest income is allocated to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant
             periodic rate of return on the Group’s net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.

             Rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term of the
             relevant lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the
             carrying amount of the leased asset, and such costs are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the
             lease term.

             Rental income which are derived from the Group’s ordinary course of business are presented as revenue.
                                                         China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   155


                                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

   (j) Leases (continued)
       The Group as a lessor (upon application of IFRS 16 in accordance with transitions in note 3.1)
       (continued)
       Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
       When a contract includes both leases and non-lease components, the Group applies IFRS 15 Revenue from
       Contracts with Customers to allocate consideration in a contract to lease and non-lease components. Non-lease
       components are separated from lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone selling prices.


       Refundable rental deposits
       Refundable rental deposits received are accounted under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments
       to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments from lessees.


       Sublease
       When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for the head lease and the sublease as two separate
       contracts. The sublease is classified as a finance or operating lease by reference to the right-of-use asset arising
       from the head lease, not with reference to the underlying asset.


       Lease modification
       The Group accounts for a modification to an operating lease as a new lease from the effective date of the
       modification, considering any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to the original lease as part of the lease
       payments for the new lease.


   (k) Leased assets (prior to 1 January 2019)
       An arrangement, comprising a transaction or a series of transactions, is or contains a lease if the Group
       determines that the arrangement conveys a right to use a specific asset or assets for an agreed period of time in
       return for a payment or a series of payments. Such a determination is made based on an evaluation of the
       substance of the arrangement and is regardless of whether the arrangement takes the legal form of a lease.

       Assets that are held by Group under leases which do not transfer to the Group substantially all the risks and
       rewards of ownership are classified as being held under operating leases.

       Lease payments made under an operating lease are charged to profit or loss in equal installments over the
       accounting periods covered by the lease term, except where an alternative basis is more representative of the
       pattern of benefits to be derived from the leased asset. Lease incentives received are recognised in profit or loss
       as an integral part of the aggregate net lease payments made. Contingent rentals are charged to profit or loss in
       the accounting period in which they are incurred.
156 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      (l) Impairment of long-lived assets
             Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at each end of the reporting period to identify
             indications that the following long-lived assets may be impaired, except in the case of goodwill:

             –     property, plant and equipment;

             –     right-of-use assets/lease prepayments (before application of IFRS 16);

             –     investment properties;

             –     construction in progress;

             –     goodwill; and

             –     other intangible assets with finite useful lives.

             If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In addition, for goodwill, intangible
             assets that are not yet available for use and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives, the recoverable
             amount is estimated annually whether or not there is any indication of impairment.


             –      Calculation of recoverable amount
                   The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In
                   assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
                   discount rate that reflects current market assessments of time value of money and the risks specific to the
                   asset for which the future cash flow estimates have not been adjusted. Where an asset does not generate
                   cash inflows largely independent of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the
                   smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit).


             –      Recognition of impairment losses
                   An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss if the carrying amount of an asset, or the cash-generating
                   unit to which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount.

                   Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying
                   amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) and then,
                   to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of cash-generating units) on a pro
                   rata basis, except that the carrying value of an asset will not be reduced below its individual fair value less
                   costs of disposal, or value in use, if determinable or zero.
                                                            China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   157


                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

   (l) Impairment of long-lived assets (continued)
       –      Reversals of impairment losses
             In respect of assets other than goodwill, an impairment loss is reversed if there has been a favourable
             change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss in respect of
             goodwill is not reversed.

             A reversal of impairment losses is limited to the asset’s carrying amount that would have been determined
             had no impairment loss been recognised in prior years. Reversals of impairment losses are credited to profit
             or loss in the year in which the reversals are recognised.


   (m) Inventories
       Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

       Cost is calculated using the weighted average cost formula and comprises all costs of purchase and other costs
       incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.

       Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs
       necessary to make the sale.

       When inventories are sold, the carrying amount of those inventories is recognised as an expense in the period in
       which the related revenue is recognised. The amount of any write-down of inventories to net realisable value and
       all losses of inventories are recognised as an expense in the period the write-down or loss occurs. The amount of
       any reversal of any write-down of inventories is recognised as a reduction in the amount of inventories recognised
       as an expense in the period in which the reversals occurs.


   (n) Financial instruments
       Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual
       provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and
       derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that
       require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.

       Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for accounts receivable arising
       from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15. Transaction costs that are
       directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets
       or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)) are added to or deducted from the fair value of
       the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly
       attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in
       profit or loss.
158 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      (n) Financial instruments (continued)
             The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability
             and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the
             rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or
             received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or
             discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter
             period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.


             Financial assets
             Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
             Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

             •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and

             •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                    interest on the principal amount outstanding.

             All other financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss, except that at the date of
             initial application of IFRS 9/initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present
             subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in other comprehensive income (“OCI”) if that equity
             investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business
             combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.

             (i)    Amortised cost and interest income
                    Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently
                    at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying
                    amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see
                    below). For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised
                    by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting
                    period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no
                    longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross
                    carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the
                    determination that the asset is no longer credit impaired.

             (ii)   Equity instruments designated as at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)
                    Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and losses
                    arising from changes in fair value recognised in OCI and accumulated in the fair value reserve; and are not
                    subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on
                    disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to retained earnings.

                    Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s
                    right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the
                    cost of the investment. Dividends are included in the “other operating income” line item in profit or loss.
                                                           China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   159


                                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

   (n) Financial instruments (continued)
       Financial assets (continued)
       Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)
       (iii)   Financial assets at FVTPL
               Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or designated as FVTOCI
               are measured at FVTPL.

               Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair value
               gains or losses recognised in profit or loss.


       Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9
       The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit losses (“ECL”) model on financial assets
       (including accounts and bills receivable, financial assets included in prepayments and other current assets, long
       term receivables, restricted deposits and cash and cash equivalents), lease receivables and contract assets which
       are subject to impairment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes
       in credit risk since initial recognition.

       Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the
       relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is
       expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessment
       are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the
       debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as
       well as the forecast of future conditions.

       The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for accounts receivable, lease receivables and contract assets. The ECL
       on these assets are assessed individually for debtors with significant balances, and collectively using a provision
       matrix with appropriate groupings based on shared credit risk characteristics and type of customers, such as
       receivables from telecommunications operators and non-telecom operators.

       For all other instruments, i.e. financial assets included in prepayments and other current assets, the Group
       measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when there has been a significant increase in credit risk
       since initial recognition, the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be
       recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

       (i)     Significant increase in credit risk
               In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares
               the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default
               occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the
               Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including
               historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.
160 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      (n) Financial instruments (continued)
             Financial assets (continued)
             Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9
             (continued)
             (i)  Significant increase in credit risk (continued)
                  In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
                  increased significantly:

                    •     failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;

                    •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available);

                    •     existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to
                          cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

                    •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and

                    •     an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                          environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt
                          obligations.

                    The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a
                    significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of
                    identifying significant increase in credit risk.

             (ii)   Definition of default
                    For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information
                    developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its
                    creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).
                                                            China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   161


                                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

   (n) Financial instruments (continued)
       Financial assets (continued)
       Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9
       (continued)
       (iii) Credit-impaired financial assets
             A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
             estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-
             impaired includes observable data about the following events:

              •     significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

              •     a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

              •     the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial
                    difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise
                    consider;

              •     it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or

              •     the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.

       (iv)   Write-off policy
              The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe
              financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the counterparty has
              been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off may
              still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal
              advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are
              recognised in profit or loss.

       (v)    Measurement and recognition of ECL
              The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of
              the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and
              loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL
              reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default
              occurring as the weights.

              Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
              accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the
              effective interest rate determined at initial recognition. For a lease receivable, the cash flows used for
              determining the ECL is consistent with the cash flows used in measuring the lease receivable in accordance
              with IFRS 16 (since 1 January 2019) or IAS 17 (prior to 1 January 2019).
162 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      (n) Financial instruments (continued)
             Financial assets (continued)
             Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9
             (continued)
             (v)  Measurement and recognition of ECL (continued)
                  Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial
                  asset is credit impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of the financial
                  asset.

                   The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting
                   their carrying amount, with the exception of accounts receivable, contract assets, lease receivables and
                   other receivables where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.


             Derecognition of financial assets
             The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire,
             or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to
             another entity.

             On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying
             amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

             On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition/initial
             application of IFRS 9 to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the fair value
             reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained earnings.


             Financial liabilities and equity
             Classification as debt or equity
             Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the
             substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.


             Equity instruments
             An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all
             of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct
             issue costs.
                                                               China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   163


                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

   (n) Financial instruments (continued)
       Financial liabilities and equity (continued)
       Financial liabilities
       All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at FVTPL or at amortised cost using the effective interest
       method.

       (i)     Financial liabilities at FVTPL
               Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) contingent consideration of an
               acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 applies, (ii) held for trading or (iii) it is designated as at
               FVTPL.

               A financial liability is held for trading if:

               •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or

               •     on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group
                     manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

               •     it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and
                     effective hedging instrument.

       (ii)    Financial liabilities at amortised cost
               Financial liabilities including interest-bearing borrowings, accounts and bills payable, financial liabilities
               included in accrued expenses and other payables are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the
               effective interest method.

       (iii)   Derecognition of financial liabilities
               The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
               cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised
               and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.


   (o) Cash and cash equivalents
       Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other financial
       institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash
       and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three months of original
       maturity at acquisition.
164 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      (p) Employee benefits
             (i)   Short-term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution
                   retirement plans
                   Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution retirement plans and the
                   cost of non-monetary benefits are accrued in the year in which the associated services are rendered by
                   employees.


             (ii) Termination benefits
                   A liability for a termination benefit is recognised at the earlier of when the group entity can no longer
                   withdraw the offer of the termination benefit and when it recognised any related restructuring costs.


      (q) Income tax
             Income tax for the year comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Current tax
             and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that they
             relate to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the relevant
             amounts of tax are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively. Where current
             tax or deferred tax arises from the initial recognition for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the
             accounting for the business combination.

             Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or
             substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous
             years.

             Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences respectively, being the
             differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their tax
             bases. Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits.

             Apart from certain limited exceptions, all deferred tax liabilities, and all deferred tax assets to the extent that it is
             probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised, are recognised.
             Future taxable profits that may support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary
             differences include those that will arise from the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, provided those
             differences relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse either
             in the same period as the expected reversal of the deductible temporary difference or in periods into which a tax
             loss arising from the deferred tax asset can be carried back or forward. The same criteria are adopted when
             determining whether existing taxable temporary differences support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising
             from unused tax losses and credits, that is, those differences are taken into account if they relate to the same
             taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse in a period, or periods, in which the
             tax loss or credit can be utilised.
                                                           China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   165


                                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

   (q) Income tax (continued)
       The limited exceptions to recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities are those temporary differences arising
       from goodwill not deductible for tax purposes, the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither
       accounting nor taxable profit (provided they are not part of a business combination).

       The amount of deferred tax recognised is measured based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of
       the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the
       reporting period. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted.

       For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the right-of-
       use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are attributable
       to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

       For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies IAS
       12 Income Taxes requirements to the leasing transaction as a whole. Temporary differences relating to right-of-
       use assets and lease liabilities are assessed on a net basis. Excess of depreciation on right-of-use assets over the
       lease payments for the principal portion of lease liabilities resulting in net deductible temporary differences.

       The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at each end of the reporting period and is reduced to the
       extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the related tax benefit
       to be utilised. Any such reduction is reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient taxable profits
       will be available.

       Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from each
       other and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets against
       deferred tax liabilities, if the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current
       tax liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:

       –     in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise
             the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or

       –     in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
             authority on either:

             –     the same taxable entity; or

             –     different taxable entities which, intend either to realise the current tax assets and settle the current
                   tax liabilities on a net basis or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each
                   future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be
                   settled or recovered.
166 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      (r) Provisions and contingent liabilities
             Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group has a legal or constructive
             obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required
             to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money is material,
             provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditure expected to settle the obligation.

             Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
             estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of
             economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or
             non-occurrence of one or more future events, are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of
             outflow of economic benefits is remote.


      (s) Revenue from contracts with customers
             The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied. i.e. when “control” of the
             goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

             A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series
             of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

             Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards
             complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

             •     the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as
                   the Group performs;

             •     the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Groups performs;
                   or

             •     the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has
                   an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

             As such, revenues from contracts with customers of major telecommunications support services, including
             construction, management of infrastructure for information technology and design are generally recognised over
             time during which the services are provided to customers.

             Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or
             service. As such, revenues from products distribution are recognised at a point in time when the control over the
             products have been transferred to customers. Some construction service contracts with non-telecom operators do
             not meet any of the criteria for recognising revenue over time and thus revenues from these contracts are
             recognised at a point in time when the control over the services have been transferred to customers.

             A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group
             has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance with IFRS 9.
             In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time
             is required before payment of that consideration is due.
                                                        China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   167


                                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

   (s) Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
       A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the
       Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

       A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented on a net
       basis.


       Contracts with multiple performance obligations (including allocation of transaction
       price)
       For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations, the Group allocates the transaction price to
       each performance obligation on relative stand-alone selling price basis.

       The stand-alone selling price of the distinct good or service underlying each performance obligation is determined
       at contract inception. It represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised good or service separately
       to a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the Group estimates it using appropriate
       techniques such that the transaction price ultimately allocated to any performance obligation reflects the amount
       of consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or
       services to the customer.


       Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete
       satisfaction of a performance obligation
       The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is mainly measured based on output
       method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the goods or services
       transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services promised under the contract, that
       best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or services.


       Warranties
       If a customer has the option to purchase a warranty separately, the Group accounts for the warranty as a
       separate performance obligation and allocates a portion of the transaction price to that performance obligation.

       If a customer does not have the option to purchase a warranty separately, the Group accounts for the warranty in
       accordance with IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets unless the warranty provides the
       customer with a service in addition to the assurance that the product complies with agreed-upon specification (i.e.
       service-type warranties).

       For service-type warranties, the promised service is a performance obligation. In that case, the Group allocates a
       portion of the transaction price to the warranty.
168 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      (s) Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
             Existence of significant financing component
             In determining the transaction price, the Group adjusts the promised amount of consideration for the effects of
             the time value of money if the timing of payments agreed (either explicitly or implicitly) provides the customer or
             the Group with a significant benefit of financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer. In those
             circumstances, the contract contains a significant financing component. A significant financing component may
             exist regardless of whether the promise of financing is explicitly stated in the contract or implied by the payment
             terms agreed to by the parties to the contract.

             For contract where the period between payment and transfer of the associated goods or services is less than one
             year, the Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the transaction price for any significant financing
             component.


      (t) Government grants
             Government grants are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position initially when there is
             reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to
             them. Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognised as income in profit or loss on a
             systematic basis in the same periods in which the expenses are incurred. Grants that compensate the Group for
             the cost of an asset are recognised in profit or loss over the useful life of the asset.


      (u) Translation of foreign currencies
             The functional currency of the Company and the presentation currency of the Group is Renminbi (“RMB”).
             Foreign currency transactions during the year are translated at the applicable rates of exchange quoted by the
             People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) prevailing on the transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated
             in foreign currencies are translated at the applicable rates ruling at the end of the reporting period. Foreign
             currency differences, other than those capitalised as construction in progress (see note 2(g)), are recognised in
             profit or loss. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency
             are translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. Non-monetary assets and liabilities
             denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at fair value are translated using the foreign exchange rates
             ruling at the dates the fair value was determined.

             The results of foreign operations are translated into RMB at the exchange rates approximating the foreign
             exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. Assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated
             into RMB at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the end of the reporting period. The resulting exchange
             differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in equity in the exchange
             reserve. On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating to that
             foreign operation is reclassified from equity to profit or loss when the profit or loss on disposal is recognised.
                                                          China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   169


                                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

   (v) Borrowing costs
       Borrowing costs that directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset which
       necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part of the
       cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

       The capitalisation of borrowing costs as part of the cost of a qualifying asset commences when expenditure for
       the asset is being incurred, borrowing costs are being incurred and development activities that are necessary to
       prepare the asset for its intended use or sale are in progress. Capitalisation of borrowing costs is suspended or
       ceases when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the qualifying asset for its intended use or sale are
       interrupted or complete.


   (w) Segment reporting
       Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial statements,
       are identified from the financial information provide regularly to the Group’s most senior executive management
       for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s various lines of
       business and geographical locations.

       Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the segments
       have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and services, the nature
       of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute the products or provide
       the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not individually
       material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.

       The Group principally has one operating segment and hence no segment information is provided (see note 46).


   (x) Dividends or profit distributions
       Dividends or profit distributions are recognised as a liability in the period in which they are declared.
170 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      (y) Related parties
             (a)   A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

                   (i)     has control or joint control of the Group;

                   (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

                   (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.

             (b)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                   (i)     The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary
                           and fellow subsidiary is related to the others);

                   (ii)    One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a
                           member of a group of which the other entity is a member);

                   (iii)   Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party;

                   (iv)    One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;

                   (v)     The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

                   (vi)    A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                           management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

             Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be
             influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.



3. CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      The Group has applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs issued by IASB for the first time in the current year:

      IFRS 16                                               Leases
      IFRIC 23                                              Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments
      Amendments to IFRS 9                                  Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation
      Amendments to IAS 19                                  Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement
      Amendments to IAS 28                                  Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures
      Amendments to IFRSs                                   Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2015–2017 Cycle

      Except for IFRS 16 Leases as described below, the application of the new and amendments to IFRSs in the current year
      has had no material impact on the Group’s financial performance and positions for the current and prior years and/or
      on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.
                                                          China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   171


                                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019




3. CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

   3.1 IFRS 16 Leases
      The Group has applied IFRS 16 for the first time in the current year. IFRS 16 superseded IAS 17 Leases and the
      related interpretations.


      Definition of a lease
      The Group has elected the practical expedient to apply IFRS 16 to contracts that were previously identified as
      leases applying IAS 17 and IFRIC 4 Determining whether an Arrangement contains a Lease and not apply this
      standard to contracts that were not previously identified as containing a lease. Therefore, the Group has not
      reassessed contracts which already existed prior to the date of initial application.

      For contracts entered into or modified on or after 1 January 2019, the Group applies the definition of a lease in
      accordance with the requirements set out in IFRS 16 in assessing whether a contract contains a lease.


      As a lessee
      The Group has applied IFRS 16 retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognised at the date of initial
      application, 1 January 2019.

      As at 1 January 2019, the Group recognised additional lease liabilities and measured right-of-use assets at the
      carrying amounts as if IFRS 16 had been applied since commencement dates, but discounted using the
      incremental borrowing rates of the relevant group entities at the date of initial application by applying IFRS 16
      transition. Any difference at the date of initial application is recognised in the opening retained earnings and
      comparative information has not been restated.

      When applying the modified retrospective approach under IFRS 16 at transition, the Group applied the following
      practical expedients to leases previously classified as operating leases under IAS 17, on lease- by-lease basis, to
      the extent relevant to the respective lease contracts:

      i.     relied on the assessment of whether leases are onerous by applying IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities
             and Contingent Assets as an alternative of impairment review;

      ii.    elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for leases with lease term ends within 12
             months of the date of initial application;

      iii.   excluded initial direct costs from measuring the right-of-use assets at the date of initial application;

      iv.    applied a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases with a similar remaining terms for similar class of
             underlying assets in similar economic environment. Specifically, discount rate for certain leases of buildings,
             motor vehicles and other equipment in the PRC was determined on a portfolio basis; and

      v.     used hindsight based on facts and circumstances as at date of initial application in determining the lease
             term for the Group’s leases with extension and termination options.

      When recognising the lease liabilities for leases previously classified as operating leases, the Group has applied
      incremental borrowing rates of the relevant group entities at the date of initial application. The weighted average
      lessee’s incremental borrowing rate applied is 3.6%.
172 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




3. CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      3.1 IFRS 16 Leases (continued)
             As a lessee (continued)

                                                                                                       At 1 January
                                                                                                               2019
                                                                                                           RMB’000


               Operating lease commitments disclosed as at 31 December 2018                              1,301,802


               Lease liabilities discounted at relevant incremental borrowing rates                      1,098,638
               Less: Recognition exemption – short-term leases                                             132,759
                     Recognition exemption – low-value assets                                                  509
                     Others                                                                                 14,462


               Lease liabilities relating to operating leases recognised upon application of IFRS 16       950,908


               Lease liabilities as at 1 January 2019                                                      950,908


               Analysed as
                 Current                                                                                   269,303
                 Non-current                                                                               681,605


                                                                                                           950,908
                                                                      China Communications Services Corporation Limited    Annual Report 2019   173


                                                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019




3. CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

   3.1 IFRS 16 Leases (continued)
       As a lessee (continued)
       The carrying amount of right-of-use assets as at 1 January 2019 comprises the following:

                                                                                                                                  Right-of-use
                                                                                                                                        assets
                                                                                                                    Note              RMB’000


             Right-of-use assets relating to operating leases recognised
               upon application of IFRS 16                                                                                              914,331
             Reclassified from lease prepayments                                                                     (a)                722,672
             Reclassified from prepayments and other current assets                                                                      22,578


                                                                                                                                      1,659,581


             By class:
               Leasehold lands                                                                                                          722,672
               Buildings                                                                                                                869,722
               Motor vehicles                                                                                                             8,946
               Other equipment                                                                                                           58,241


                                                                                                                                      1,659,581


       Note:


       (a)      Upfront payments for leasehold lands in the PRC were classified as lease prepayments as at 31 December 2018. Upon application of IFRS
                16, lease prepayments amounting to RMB723 million were reclassified to right-of-use assets.



       As a lessor
       In accordance with the transitional provisions in IFRS 16, except for sub-leases in which the Group acts as an
       intermediate lessor, the Group is not required to make any adjustment on transition for leases in which the Group
       is a lessor but account for these leases in accordance with IFRS 16 from the date of initial application and
       comparative information has not been restated. These changes has had no material impact on the consolidated
       financial statements of the Group.
174 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




3. CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      3.1 IFRS 16 Leases (continued)
             The net effects arising from the initial application of IFRS 16 resulted in a decrease in the opening balance of
             retained earnings at an amount of approximately RMB33 million.

             As a result of the changes in the Group’s accounting policies above, the consolidated statement of financial
             position at 1 January 2019 had to be restated. The following table shows the adjustments recognised for each of
             the line items affected.

                                                                                    31 December                                      1 January
                                                                                           2018            Adjustments                     2019
                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                        (audited)                                     (restated)


               Non-current Assets
                Lease prepayments                                                          722,672              (722,672)                    –
                Right-of-use assets                                                              –             1,659,581             1,659,581
                Deferred tax assets                                                        622,202                 3,482               625,684

               Current Assets
                 Prepayments and other current assets                                    8,646,123                (22,578)           8,623,545

               Current liabilities
                 Current portion of lease liabilities                                               –            269,303                269,303

               Non-current liabilities
                Lease liabilities                                                                   –            681,605                681,605

               Equity
                 Equity attributable to equity shareholders of
                   the Company                                                         32,331,323                 (32,754)          32,298,569
                 Non-controlling interests                                                497,538                    (341)             497,197

             Note: For the purposes of reporting cash flows from operating activities under indirect method for the year ended 31 December 2019,
                   movements in working capital have been computed based on opening consolidated statement of financial position as at 1 January 2019
                   as disclosed above.
                                                        China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   175


                                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019




4. REVENUES
  Revenues are derived from the provision of integrated comprehensive smart solutions, net of sales taxes and after
  allowance for sales discounts. The Group’s revenues by business nature can be summarised as follows:


  Disaggregation of revenue
                                                                                                    2019                   2018
                                                                                                 RMB’000                RMB’000


    Revenue from telecommunications infrastructure services                                   64,688,815             57,359,436
    Revenue from business process outsourcing services                                        36,637,180             35,102,822
    Revenue from applications, content and other services                                     16,087,094             13,714,379


                                                                                             117,413,089           106,176,637


  The Group’s major customers are telecommunications operators which include CTC and its subsidiaries (excluding the
  Group) (“CTC Group”) and China Mobile Communications Group Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries (“CM Group”), each
  contributing a revenue exceeding 10% of the Group’s total revenues. Revenues from the provision of integrated
  telecommunications support services to CTC Group and CM Group for the year ended 31 December 2019 amounted
  to RMB40,633 million and RMB23,881 million, respectively (2018: RMB41,279 million and RMB21,219 million,
  respectively), being 34.6% and 20.3% of the Group’s total revenues, respectively (2018: 38.9% and 20.0%,
  respectively). The revenues derived from areas outside Mainland China for the year ended 31 December 2019
  amounted to RMB3,266 million (2018: RMB3,155 million).

  For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group’s first three businesses that contributed to the overall revenues were
  construction, management of infrastructure for information technology and supply chain, the revenues from which
  amounted to RMB50,735 million, RMB15,827 million and RMB10,320 million, respectively (2018: The Group’s first
  three businesses that contributed to the overall revenues were construction, management of infrastructure for
  information technology and telecommunications infrastructure design, the revenues from which amounted to
  RMB42,863 million, RMB14,793 million and RMB10,605 million, respectively).

  The Group’s rental income for the year ended 31 December 2019 amounted to RMB714 million (2018: RMB691
  million).

  Revenue from construction contracts with non-telecom operators for construction services signed in 2019 and not yet
  completed on 31 December 2019 amounted to RMB5,733 million.

  The Group generally recognises major telecommunications support services, including construction, management of
  infrastructure for information technology, design, logistics and warehousing in supply chain, as a performance
  obligation satisfied over time as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the
  Group’s performance as the Group performs, or the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the
  customer controls as the Groups performs. Revenue is recognised for these services by measuring the progress towards
  complete satisfaction of each performance obligation mainly using output method.
176 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




4. REVENUES (continued)

      The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied) as at 31
      December 2019 and 2018 and the expected timing of recognising revenue are as follows:

                                                                                                  Business    Applications,
                                                                       Telecommunications          process         content
                                                                             infrastructure    outsourcing      and other
                                                                                    services       services        services
                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000


         As at 31 December 2019
         Within one year                                                         27,780,074      1,548,614       2,287,248
         More than one year but not more than two years                           9,039,588        705,149         576,260
         More than two years                                                      7,045,049        177,752         378,213


                                                                                 43,864,711      2,431,515       3,241,721


         As at 31 December 2018
         Within one year                                                         24,689,360      1,157,455       1,218,627
         More than one year but not more than two years                           7,121,432        190,762         317,312
         More than two years                                                      7,417,621         86,278         230,202


                                                                                 39,228,413      1,434,495       1,766,141


      These amounts disclosed above do not include contracts with an original expected duration of one year or less.



5. COST OF REVENUES

                                                                                                     2019            2018
                                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000


         Depreciation and amortisation                                                             756,976         466,096
         Direct personnel costs                                                                  9,111,016       8,747,317
         Lease charges (2018: Operating lease charges)                                           1,117,275       1,603,223
         Materials costs                                                                        12,838,003       9,783,239
         Direct costs of products distribution                                                   4,167,579       4,629,177
         Subcontracting charges                                                                 64,462,508      57,555,216
         Others                                                                                 11,272,773      10,507,403


                                                                                               103,726,130      93,291,671
                                                          China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   177


                                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019




6. OTHER OPERATING INCOME

                                                                                                      2019                   2018
                                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000

     Interest income                                                                                245,370                181,612
     Dividend income from equity instruments                                                        143,868                  1,575
     Government grants                                                                              283,910                279,285
     Gain on disposal of associates and subsidiaries                                                    687                 20,206
     Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment, other intangible assets,
        leasehold lands, construction in progress and termination of lease                           61,295                 78,641
     Penalty income                                                                                   3,001                  3,929
     Management fee income                                                                          370,324                329,335
     Write-back of non-payable liabilities                                                           54,806                 37,184
     Investment income and fair value gains on wealth
        management products and structured deposits                                                 216,349                252,609
     Others                                                                                         175,145                 60,513

                                                                                                  1,554,755              1,244,889



7. OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES

                                                                                                      2019                   2018
                                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000

     Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment,
       construction in progress and other intangible assets                                          16,450                 30,053
     Donations                                                                                        2,430                  1,264
     Penalty charge and compensation                                                                199,790                 33,780
     Net foreign exchange loss                                                                       11,944                 23,899
     Others                                                                                         102,685                 84,726

                                                                                                    333,299                173,722



8. FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                                      2019                   2018
                                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000

     Interest on bank and other borrowings                                                            32,478                25,179
     Interest on lease liabilities                                                                    36,410                     –

                                                                                                      68,888                25,179


   For the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018, no borrowing costs were capitalised in relation to construction in
   progress.
178 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




9. PROFIT BEFORE TAX
      Profit before tax has been arrived at after charging (crediting) the following items:

                                                                                                  2019           2018
                                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000


         (a) Staff costs:
             Salaries, wages and other benefits                                               14,948,888    14,213,728
             Contributions to defined contribution retirement schemes                          1,708,579     1,395,705


                                                                                              16,657,467    15,609,433


         (b) Other items:
             Depreciation
               – Property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                        682,691       659,181
               – Right-of-use assets (note 17)                                                  388,392             –
               – Investment properties (note 18)                                                 43,585        44,355
             Amortisation
               – Lease prepayments (note 20)                                                           –        26,727
               – Other intangible assets (note 22)                                               136,950       107,874
             Auditors’ remuneration                                                               34,695        34,495
             Materials costs (note 27)                                                        12,838,003     9,783,239
             Direct costs of products distribution (note 27)                                   4,167,579     4,629,177
             Write-down of inventories (note 27)                                                  56,174        30,819
             Reversal of write-down of inventories (note 27)                                     (18,186)        (2,875)
             Impairment losses on accounts receivable, other receivables and
               contract assets                                                                  560,178       611,430
             Reversal of impairment losses on accounts receivable, other receivables
               and contract assets                                                              (295,548)     (321,438)
             Investment income and fair value gains of financial instruments
               at fair value through profit or loss                                             (220,203)     (252,058)
             Lease charges (2018: Operating lease charges)                                     1,329,436     1,905,172
             Research and development costs                                                    3,275,915     2,798,327


      The selling expenses, general and administrative expenses and other expenses of the Group are RMB2,306 million,
      RMB8,482 million and RMB706 million (2018: RMB2,071 million, RMB7,818 million and RMB722 million), respectively
      for the year ended 31 December 2019. Research and development costs include RMB2,604 million (2018: RMB2,290
      million) relating to staff costs, amount of which is also included in the staff costs disclosed in note 9(a).
                                                                          China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019    179


                                                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2019




10. INCOME TAX
   (a) Income tax in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:
                                                                                                                        2019                     2018
                                                                                                                     RMB’000                  RMB’000


              Current tax
                PRC enterprise income tax                                                                             466,882                 521,154
                Overseas enterprise income tax                                                                         55,224                  34,782
              Deferred tax
                Origination and reversal of temporary differences (note 25)                                            (58,304)                (58,531)


              Total income tax                                                                                        463,802                 497,405


   (b) Reconciliation between income tax expense and accounting profit at
       applicable tax rates:
                                                                                                                        2019                     2018
                                                                                                                     RMB’000                  RMB’000


              Profit before tax                                                                                     3,493,601                3,425,304


              Expected income tax expense at a statutory tax rate of 25%
                (2018: 25%) (note (i))                                                                                873,400                  856,326
              Differential tax rates on subsidiaries’ income (note (i))                                              (203,262)                (214,189)
              Non-deductible expenses (note (ii))                                                                     137,586                  132,397
              Non-taxable income                                                                                      (73,091)                  (58,741)
              Tax losses not recognised                                                                                93,957                    51,879
              Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                                                       (25,231)                    (4,719)
              Over provision in respect of prior years                                                                (30,567)                  (28,737)
              Others (note (iii))                                                                                    (308,990)                (236,811)


              Income tax                                                                                              463,802                 497,405

       Notes:


       (i)       The provision for income tax of the Group is calculated based on a statutory rate of 25% of the assessable profit of the Group as
                 determined in accordance with the relevant PRC income tax rules and regulations for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018,
                 except for certain domestic subsidiaries of the Group, which are taxed at preferential rates of 15% and 10%, where applicable; and for
                 certain overseas subsidiaries of the Group, which are taxed at respective statutory rates.


       (ii)      The amount includes personnel and other miscellaneous expenses in excess of statutory deductible limits for tax purposes.


       (iii)     The amounts primarily represent the effect of additional deductions in research and development expense.
180 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




11. OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(EXPENSE)

                                                                                         2019       2018
                                                                                      RMB’000    RMB’000


         Changes in fair value of equity instruments at FVTOCI recognised
           during the year                                                            350,651    (271,052)
         Net deferred tax (charged)/credited to other comprehensive income            (87,199)     65,986


         Net movement in the fair value reserve during the year recognised in other
           comprehensive income/(expense)                                             263,452    (205,066)
                                                    China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   181


                                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2019




12. DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ EMOLUMENTS
   The names of the directors and the supervisors of the Company and their remuneration for the year ended 31
   December 2019 are as follows:

                                                          Salaries,
                                                       allowances
                                                        and other                     Pension                 Share
                                                       benefits in Discretionary      scheme            appreciation      2019
                                                   Fee        kind        bonus contributions                 rights     Total
                                               RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000                RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                           (note)


    Executive Directors
    Zhang Zhiyong (chairman)                         –            –              –                –               –              –
    Si Furong                                        –          280            917              128               –          1,325
    Zhang Xu                                         –          167            448               83               –            698


                                                     –          447           1,365             211               –          2,023


    Non-Executive Directors
    Li Zhengmao (resigned on 20 March 2020)          –             –              –               –               –             –
    Shao Guanglu (resigned on 20 March 2020)         –             –              –               –               –             –


                                                     –             –              –               –               –             –


    Independent Non-Executive Directors
    Siu Wai Keung, Francis                         300             –              –               –               –           300
    Lv Tingjie                                     170             –              –               –               –           170
    Wu Taishi                                      170             –              –               –               –           170
    Liu linfei                                     170             –              –               –               –           170


                                                   810             –              –               –               –           810


    Supervisors
    Han Fang                                         –            –              –                –               –             –
    Hai Liancheng                                   85            –              –                –               –            85
    Si Jianfei                                       –          183            517              102               –           802


                                                    85          183            517              102               –           887


    Total directors’ and
       supervisors’ emoluments                                                                                               3,720
182 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




12. DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ EMOLUMENTS (continued)

      The names of the directors and the supervisors of the Company and their remuneration for the year ended 31
      December 2018 are as follows:

                                                                               Salaries,
                                                                           allowances
                                                                            and other                        Pension          Share
                                                                           benefits in Discretionary          scheme    appreciation     2018
                                                                    Fee            kind       bonus     contributions         rights      Total
                                                                RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                               (note)


         Executive Directors
         Zhang Zhiyong (chairman, appointed on 16 March 2018)         –            –               –               –              –          –
         Sun Kangmin (chairman, resigned on 16 March 2018)            –            –               –               –              –          –
         Si Furong                                                    –          259             768              98              –      1,125
         Zhang Xu (appointed on 13 December 2018)                     –           25              46              13              –         84
         Hou Rui (resigned on 13 December 2018)                       –          165             662              84              –        911


                                                                      –          449           1,476             195              –      2,120


         Non-Executive Directors
         Li Zhengmao                                                  –             –              –               –              –          –
         Shao Guanglu                                                 –             –              –               –              –          –


                                                                      –             –              –               –              –           –


         Independent Non-Executive Directors
         Zhao Chunjun (resigned on 13 December 2018)                150             –              –               –              –        150
         Siu Wai Keung, Francis                                     280             –              –               –              –        280
         Lv Tingjie                                                 150             –              –               –              –        150
         Wu Taishi                                                  150             –              –               –              –        150
         Liu linfei                                                 150             –              –               –              –        150


                                                                    880             –              –               –              –        880


         Supervisors
         Han Fang                                                     –            –               –               –              –          –
         Hai Liancheng                                               75            –               –               –              –         75
         Si Jianfei                                                   –          172             452              84              –        708


                                                                     75          172             452              84              –        783


         Total directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments                                                                                    3,783
                                                                           China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   183


                                                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




12. DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ EMOLUMENTS (continued)
   Note:


   The discretionary bonus is determined based on the performance of the directors and supervisors and the Group’s operating results.


   The emoluments of executive directors, Mr. Zhang Zhiyong and Mr. Sun Kangmin, non-executive directors, Mr. Li Zhengmao and Mr. Shao Guanglu and
   supervisor, Ms. Han Fang, were not borne by the Group.


   The emoluments of executive directors, Mr. Si Furong, Ms. Zhang Xu and Ms. Hou Rui, were for their services in connection with the management of the
   affairs of the Group.


   The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were in connection with their services as directors of the Company.


   The emoluments of a supervisor, Mr. Hai Liancheng were in connection with his services as a supervisor of the Company and the emoluments of a
   supervisor, Mr. Si Jianfei, were for his services as an employee of the Group.




13. INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S
    REMUNERATION

   (a) The five highest paid employees of the Group
           The five highest paid employees of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                                         2019                   2018


             Directors and supervisors                                                                                         –                    –
             Non-director and non-supervisor employees                                                                         5                    5


                                                                                                                               5                    5


           The remuneration paid to the above highest paid employees are as follows:

                                                                                                                       2019                   2018
                                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000


             Salaries, allowances and other benefits in kind                                                             2,514                 2,420
             Discretionary bonuses                                                                                       4,265                 4,420
             Pension scheme contributions                                                                                  744                   504


                                                                                                                         7,523                 7,344
184 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




13. INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S
    REMUNERATION (continued)

      (a) The five highest paid employees of the Group (continued)
             The number of these highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following bands:

                                                                                                 2019             2018


               RMB equivalent
               1,000,001 to 1,500,000                                                               3                3
               1,500,001 to 2,000,000                                                               2                2


      (b) Senior management’s remuneration
             The number of the senior management (not including non-director and non-supervisor employees presented in
             note 13(a)) whose remuneration fell within the following bands:

                                                                                                 2019             2018


               RMB equivalent
               Nil to 1,000,000                                                                    16               16
               1,000,001 to 2,000,000                                                               5                5



14. DIVIDENDS

      (a) Dividends attributable to the year
                                                                                               2019               2018
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


               Final dividend proposed after the end of reporting period of
                  RMB0.1321 per share (2018: RMB0.1257 per share)                             914,927          870,601
               Special dividend proposed after the end of reporting period of
                  RMB0.0264 per share (2018: RMB0.0251 per share)                             182,847          173,843


                                                                                            1,097,774         1,044,444
                                                          China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   185


                                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019




14. DIVIDENDS (continued)

   (b) Dividends attributable to the previous financial year, approved and paid
       during the year
                                                                                                      2019                   2018
                                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000


           Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year,
              approved and paid during the year, of RMB0.1257 per share
              (2018: RMB0.1176 per share)                                                           870,601                814,500
           Special dividend in respect of the previous financial year,
              approved and paid during the year, of RMB0.0251 per share
              (2018: RMB0.0235 per share)                                                           173,843                162,761


                                                                                                  1,044,444                977,261



15. EARNINGS PER SHARE
   The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company for
   the year ended 31 December 2019 of RMB3,049,229 thousand (2018: RMB2,901,324 thousand) and number of shares
   in issue during the year ended 31 December 2019 of 6,926,018 thousand shares (2018: 6,926,018 thousand shares).
186 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET

                                                                                                      Furniture,
                                                                                                   fixtures and
                                                                          Building      Motor             other
                                                      Buildings      improvements      vehicles      equipment        Total
                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000


         COST
         As at 1 January 2019                         3,754,659            697,101    1,597,369      3,966,196     10,015,325
         Transfer to investment
           properties (note 18)                               (80)               –            –               –           (80)
         Transfer from investment
           properties (note 18)                              817                 –            –               –          817
         Transfer from construction
           in progress (note 19)                        170,303             13,639        2,078         48,982        235,002
         Additions                                       32,622             56,991      114,926        301,855        506,394
         Disposals                                      (38,270)            (2,958)    (157,131)      (327,066)      (525,425)


         As at 31 December 2019                       3,920,051            764,773    1,557,242      3,989,967     10,232,033


         ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
           AND IMPAIRMENT LOSSES
         As at 1 January 2019                         1,395,313            529,375    1,045,247      2,660,690      5,630,625
         Transfer to investment
           properties (note 18)                               (39)               –            –               –           (39)
         Transfer from investment
           properties (note 18)                             399                  –           –               –           399
         Depreciation charge                            139,402             74,664     135,276         333,349       682,691
         Depreciation written back
           on disposals                                   (5,010)           (1,905)    (146,304)      (297,675)      (450,894)


         As at 31 December 2019                       1,530,065            602,134    1,034,219      2,696,364      5,862,782


         NET CARRYING VALUE
         As at 31 December 2019                       2,389,986            162,639     523,023       1,293,603      4,369,251


         As at 1 January 2019                         2,359,346            167,726     552,122       1,305,506      4,384,700
                                                           China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   187


                                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET (continued)

                                                                                                        Furniture,
                                                                                                     fixtures and
                                                                Building              Motor                 other
                                              Buildings    improvements              vehicles         equipment               Total
                                              RMB’000          RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000


     COST
     As at 1 January 2018                    3,425,185           629,049           1,608,769          3,944,527           9,607,530
     Transfer to investment
       properties (note 18)                     (57,855)                  –                   –                (225)         (58,080)
     Transfer from investment
       properties (note 18)                      20,340                   –                   –                   –          20,340
     Transfer from construction
       in progress (note 19)                   378,072              3,944              6,102              28,003            416,121
     Additions                                  41,904             76,935            129,435             295,085            543,359
     Disposals                                 (52,987)           (12,827)          (146,937)           (301,194)          (513,945)


     As at 31 December 2018                  3,754,659           697,101           1,597,369          3,966,196         10,015,325


     ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
       AND IMPAIRMENT LOSSES
     As at 1 January 2018                    1,294,001           481,318           1,035,009          2,606,827          5,417,155
     Transfer to investment
       properties (note 18)                     (24,080)                  –                   –                   –          (24,080)
     Transfer from investment
       properties (note 18)                      8,059                  –                  –                   –              8,059
     Depreciation charge                       140,855             61,029            147,545             309,752            659,181
     Depreciation written back
       on disposals                             (23,522)          (12,972)          (137,307)           (252,211)          (426,012)
     Impairment loss eliminated
       on disposals                                    –                  –                   –            (3,678)            (3,678)


     As at 31 December 2018                  1,395,313           529,375           1,045,247          2,660,690          5,630,625


     NET CARRYING VALUE
     As at 31 December 2018                  2,359,346           167,726             552,122          1,305,506          4,384,700


     As at 1 January 2018                    2,131,184           147,731             573,760          1,337,700          4,190,375


   All the Group’s buildings are located in the PRC.

   Up to the date of issue of these consolidated financial statements, the Group is still in the process of applying for or
   changing registration of the title certificates of certain of its properties with an aggregate carrying amount of
   approximately RMB286 million as at 31 December 2019 (2018: RMB218 million). The directors of the Company are of
   the opinion that the Group is entitled to lawfully and validly occupy or use the above mentioned properties.
188 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                        Leasehold                        Motor         Other
                                                            lands          Buildings   vehicles   equipment         Total
                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000


         As at 1 January 2019
         Carrying amount                                   722,672          869,722      8,946        58,241     1,659,581

         As at 31 December 2019
         Carrying amount                                   872,116          983,708      1,757        38,415     1,895,996

         For the year ended
           31 December 2019
         Depreciation charge                                 24,448         329,118      1,260        33,566       388,392

         Expense relating to short-term leases
           and other leases with lease terms
           end within 12 months of the date of
           initial application of IFRS 16                                                                        1,223,446

         Expense relating to leases of low-value
           assets, excluding short-term leases of
           low value assets                                                                                        105,990

         Total cash outflow for leases                                                                           1,867,601

         Additions to right-of-use assets                                                                          769,652


      The Group leases leasehold lands, buildings, motor vehicles and other equipment for its operations. Lease terms are
      negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease
      term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and
      determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.

      The Group entered into short-term leases mainly for buildings, motor vehicles and other equipment. As at 31 December
      2019, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the short-term lease
      expense disclosed above in this note.

      As at 31 December 2019, the Group entered into new leases for buildings, motor vehicles and other equipment that
      have not yet commenced, the total future undiscounted cash flows over the non-cancellable period amounted to
      RMB1,519 million.
                                                           China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   189


                                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                                       2019                   2018
                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000


     Cost
     As at 1 January                                                                               1,209,506              1,185,369
     Additions                                                                                         1,717                       –
     Transfer from property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                                80                  58,080
     Transfer to property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                                (817)                (20,340)
     Disposals                                                                                             –                (13,603)


     As at 31 December                                                                             1,210,486              1,209,506


     Accumulated depreciation
     As at 1 January                                                                                 603,441                547,502
     Transfer from property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                                39                 24,080
     Transfer to property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                                (399)                (8,059)
     Depreciation charge                                                                              43,585                 44,355
     Depreciation written back on disposals                                                                –                  (4,437)


     As at 31 December                                                                               646,666                603,441


     Net carrying value
     As at 31 December                                                                               563,820                606,065


     As at 1 January                                                                                 606,065                637,867


     Fair value                                                                                    2,641,598              2,390,014


   All the Group’s investment properties are located in the PRC.

   The fair value measurement of the Group’s investment properties is categorised into Level 3 of fair value measurement.
   The fair value was determined based on the income approach, where the market rentals of all lettable units of the
   properties are assessed and discounted at the market yield expected by investors for this type of properties. The market
   rentals are assessed by reference to the rentals achieved in the lettable units of the properties as well as other lettings
   of similar properties in the neighbourhood. The discount rate is determined by reference to the yields derived from
   analysing the sales transactions of similar commercial properties in the PRC and adjusted to take into account the
   market expectation from property investors to reflect factors specific to the Group’s investment properties.

   The current use of the investment properties is their highest and best use.
190 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)

      The Group leases out its properties under operating leases. The leases typically run for period of one year to ten years,
      with an option to renew the lease after that date at which time all terms are renegotiated. None of the leases includes
      contingent rentals. At the end of the reporting period, the total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable
      operating leases were as follows:

                                                                                                                       2019
                                                                                                                    RMB’000


         Within one year                                                                                             120,525
         In the second year                                                                                           75,742
         In the third year                                                                                            61,088
         In the fourth year                                                                                           36,643
         In the fifth year                                                                                            26,750
         After five years                                                                                             90,170


         As at 31 December                                                                                           410,918


                                                                                                                        2018
                                                                                                                     RMB’000


         Within one year                                                                                             109,734
         After one year but within five years                                                                        289,064
         After five years                                                                                             74,880


         As at 31 December                                                                                           473,678


      During the year ended 31 December 2019, RMB146 million (2018: RMB143 million) has been recognised as rental
      income in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and RMB57 million (2018: RMB53 million) in respect of direct
      operating expenses relating to investment properties has been recognised as expenses in the consolidated statement of
      profit or loss.

      Up to the date of issuance of these consolidated financial statements, the Group is still in the process of applying for or
      changing registration of the title certificates of certain of its properties with an aggregate carrying value of
      approximately RMB25 million as at 31 December 2019 (2018: RMB32 million). The directors of the Company are of the
      opinion that the Group is entitled to lawfully and validly occupy or use the above mentioned properties.
                                                           China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   191


                                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




19. CONSTRUCTION IN PROGRESS

                                                                                                       2019                   2018
                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000


     Cost:
     As at 1 January                                                                                 342,427                539,359
     Additions                                                                                       304,235                286,700
     Disposals                                                                                        (6,873)                 (1,424)
     Transfer to other intangible assets (note 22)                                                  (120,622)                (61,587)
     Transfer to property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                            (235,002)              (416,121)
     Transfer to leasehold lands (note 20)                                                            (1,800)                 (4,500)


     As at 31 December                                                                               282,365                342,427



20. LEASE PREPAYMENTS

                                                                                                                              2018
                                                                                                                           RMB’000


     Cost:
     As at 1 January                                                                                                      1,016,044
     Additions                                                                                                                20,409
     Transfer from construction in progress (note 19)                                                                          4,500
     Disposals                                                                                                               (18,694)


     As at 31 December                                                                                                    1,022,259


     Released to profit or loss:
     As at 1 January                                                                                                        277,158
     Amortisation charge                                                                                                     26,727
     Disposals                                                                                                               (4,298)


     As at 31 December                                                                                                      299,587


     Net carrying value:
     As at 31 December                                                                                                      722,672


     As at 1 January                                                                                                        738,886


   Lease prepayments represent payments for land use rights paid to the PRC authorities. The Group’s land use rights are
   located in the PRC and are with remaining terms ranging from 10 to 62 years as at 31 December 2018.
192 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




21. GOODWILL

                                                                                               2019              2018
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000


         Cost and carrying amount                                                            103,005           103,005


                                                                                               2019              2018
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000


         Impairment tests for cash-generating units containing goodwill
           China International Telecommunications Construction Corporation (“CITCC”)         103,005           103,005


      The recoverable amounts of cash-generating units containing goodwill arising from the acquisition of CITCC are
      determined based on value in use calculation. The calculation uses cash flow projection based on financial budget
      approved by management covering a five-year period and pre-tax discount rates is 12.07% (2018: 10.44%).

      Cash flows beyond the five years period are extrapolated using zero growth rate. Management believes any reasonably
      possible change in the key assumptions on which these entities’ recoverable amount are based would not cause these
      entities’ carrying amounts to exceed their recoverable amounts.

      Key assumptions used for the value in use calculations for these entities are the gross margin and revenue.
      Management determined the budgeted gross margin based on the gross margin achieved in the period immediately
      before the budget period and its expectation of the trend of major telecommunication operators’ capital expenditure.
      Revenue was based on the revenue in the period immediately before the budget period.
                                                           China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   193


                                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




22. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                                       2019                   2018
                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000

     Cost:
     As at 1 January                                                                                 978,116                864,157
     Additions                                                                                       171,473                  76,707
     Transfer from construction in progress (note 19)                                                120,622                  61,587
     Disposals                                                                                       (15,649)                (24,335)

     As at 31 December                                                                             1,254,562                978,116

     Accumulated amortisation:
     As at 1 January                                                                                 622,777                538,467
     Amortisation charge                                                                             136,950                107,874
     Written back on disposals                                                                       (10,443)               (23,564)

     As at 31 December                                                                               749,284                622,777

     Net carrying value:
     As at 31 December                                                                               505,278                355,339

     As at 1 January                                                                                 355,339                325,690


   Other intangible assets mainly represent computer software used in telecommunications infrastructure projects.



23. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES

                                                                                                       2019                   2018
                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000

     Share of net assets                                                                             418,336                318,059


   The Group’s associates and joint ventures are unlisted, established and operated in the PRC. The Group’s interests in
   associates and joint ventures are individually and in aggregate not material to the Group’s financial condition or results
   of operation for the year.



24. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
    INCOME
   The equity instruments mainly represent ordinary shares of entities listed in mainland China. These investments are not
   held for trading, instead, they are held for long-term strategic purposes. The directors of the Company have elected to
   designate these investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations
   in these investments’ fair value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding these
   investments for long-term purposes and realizing their performance potential in the long run.
194 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




25. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are attributable to the following:

                                                   Assets                       Liabilities                 Net balance
                                        31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December
                                               2019        2018        2019        2018        2019        2018
                                            RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000


         Impairment losses,
           primarily for receivables
           and inventories                   346,229         308,864               –                 –    346,229         308,864
         Revaluation of property,
           plant and equipment                     –               –             (68)              (68)        (68)        (68)
         Unused tax losses (note (i))         49,726          30,343               –                 –      49,726      30,343
         Changes in fair value                     –               –        (833,399)         (741,215)   (833,399)   (741,215)
         Unpaid expenses                     290,904         282,995               –                 –     290,904     282,995
         Others                                3,482               –            (277)            1,091       3,205       1,091


         Deferred tax assets
           (liabilities)                     690,341         622,202        (833,744)         (740,192)   (143,403)   (117,990)


      Movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018 are as follows:

                                                                                                      Recognised
                                               As at                            As at                     in other      As at
                                        31 December                        1 January Recognised in comprehensive 31 December
                                               2018 Adjustments                 2019 profit or loss        income       2019
                                            RMB’000    RMB’000              RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                        (note 3)           (restated)  (note 10(a))     (note 11)


         Impairment losses,
           primarily for receivables
           and inventories                   308,864                –       308,864            37,365            –        346,229
         Revaluation of property,
           plant and equipment                   (68)              –             (68)                –           –         (68)
         Unused tax losses (note (i))         30,343               –          30,343           19,383            –      49,726
         Changes in fair value              (741,215)              –        (741,215)           (4,985)    (87,199)   (833,399)
         Unpaid expenses                     282,995               –         282,995             7,909           –     290,904
         Others                                1,091           3,482           4,573            (1,368)          –       3,205


         Deferred tax assets
           (liabilities)                    (117,990)          3,482        (114,508)          58,304      (87,199)   (143,403)
                                                                               China Communications Services Corporation Limited       Annual Report 2019     195


                                                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2019




25. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (continued)

                                                                                                                        Recognised
                                                                               As at                                        in other                   As at
                                                                           1 January          Recognised in          comprehensive              31 December
                                                                               2018            profit or loss                income                    2018
                                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000                 RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                (note 10(a))              (note 11)


          Impairment losses, primarily for receivables
            and inventories                                                  280,555                   28,309                          –              308,864
          Revaluation of property, plant
            and equipment                                                         (68)                      –                        –                     (68)
          Unused tax losses (note (i))                                        26,850                    3,493                        –                 30,343
          Changes in fair value                                             (796,139)                 (11,062)                  65,986               (741,215)
          Unpaid expenses                                                    241,085                   41,910                        –                282,995
          Others                                                               5,210                   (4,119)                       –                  1,091


          Deferred tax assets (liabilities)                                 (242,507)                  58,531                   65,986               (117,990)


   Notes:


   (i)        Expiry of recognised tax losses


                                                                                                                                    2019                    2018
                                                                                                                               RMB’000                  RMB’000


                Year of expiry
                2019                                                                                                                    –                 17,092
                2020                                                                                                               1,558                    2,439
                2021                                                                                                              43,123                  43,719
                2022                                                                                                              78,715                  79,068
                2023                                                                                                              35,408                  56,856
                2024                                                                                                            172,650                         –


                                                                                                                                331,454                  199,174


   (ii)       As at 31 December 2019, the Group has not recognised deferred tax assets in respect of tax losses of RMB860.1 million (2018: RMB840.6 million)
              as it is not probable that future taxable profits against which the losses can be utilised will be available. The tax losses can be carried forward for
              five years from the year incurred and hence will be expired from 2020 to 2024 (2018: 2019 to 2023).




26. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
   Other non-current assets mainly represent the long-term receivables arising from provision of telecommunications
   infrastructure services.
196 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




27. INVENTORIES

                                                                                                     2019          2018
                                                                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000


         Construction materials                                                                    755,919       817,973
         Finished goods                                                                            998,133     1,333,760
         Spare parts and consumables                                                               220,098       101,294


                                                                                                  1,974,150    2,253,027


      The analysis of the amount of inventories recognised as costs and expenses is as follows:

                                                                                                     2019          2018
                                                                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000


         Carrying amount of inventories consumed and sold
           – Materials costs                                                                 12,838,003        9,783,239
           – Direct costs of products distribution                                            4,167,579        4,629,177
         Reversal of write-down of inventories                                                  (18,186)           (2,875)
         Write-down of inventories                                                               56,174           30,819


                                                                                             17,043,570       14,440,360



28. ACCOUNTS AND BILLS RECEIVABLE, NET

                                                                                                     2019          2018
                                                                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000


         Bills receivable                                                                       363,350          276,034
         Accounts receivable                                                                 20,287,259       19,806,523


                                                                                             20,650,609       20,082,557
         Less: allowance for credit losses                                                   (1,557,784)      (1,414,533)


                                                                                             19,092,825       18,668,024


      As at 1 January 2018, accounts and bills receivable from contracts with customers amounted to RMB18,620 million.


      (a) Included in accounts and bills receivable are amounts due from CTC Group, associates of the Group and
             associates of CTC Group of RMB9,286 million (2018: RMB10,620 million) as at 31 December 2019. The amounts
             due from CTC Group, associates of the Group and associates of CTC Group are unsecured, interest-free and are
             expected to be recovered within one year.
                                                           China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   197


                                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




28. ACCOUNTS AND BILLS RECEIVABLE, NET (continued)

   (b) The ageing analysis of accounts and bills receivable (net of allowance for credit losses) based on credit terms is as
         follows:

                                                                                                       2019                   2018
                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000


           Current                                                                                  844,908              1,736,665
           Within 1 year                                                                         15,413,416             14,839,588
           After 1 year but less than 2 years                                                     2,038,087              1,376,626
           After 2 years but less than 3 years                                                      454,502                435,583
           After 3 years                                                                            341,912                279,562


                                                                                                 19,092,825             18,668,024


   (c) Credit losses of accounts and bills receivable
         Credit losses in respect of accounts and bills receivable are recorded using an allowance account unless the Group
         is satisfied that recovery of the amount is remote, in which case the credit loss is written off against accounts and
         bills receivable directly (see note 2(n)).

         Details of impairment assessment of accounts receivable are set out in note 43(a).



29. CONTRACT ASSETS, NET

                                                                                                       2019                   2018
                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000


     Telecommunications infrastructure services                                                  14,540,160             13,219,615
     Business process outsourcing services                                                          671,738                647,111
     Applications, content and other services                                                     2,201,628              2,028,796


                                                                                                 17,413,526             15,895,522
     Less: allowance for credit losses                                                             (259,997)              (230,764)


                                                                                                 17,153,529             15,664,758


   As at 1 January 2018, contract assets amounted to RMB11,637 million.

   The contract assets relate to the Group’s rights to consideration for work completed and not billed because the rights
   are conditional on the Group’s future performance in achieving specified milestones at the reporting date on
   construction, design and other service contracts. The contract assets are transferred to accounts receivable when the
   rights become unconditional. The Group typically transfers the contract assets to accounts receivable within one year.
198 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




30. PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS

                                                                                            2019              2018
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000


         Advances to staff                                                                 97,340            86,002
         Amounts due from CTC Group, associates of the Group and associates of
           CTC Group                                                                    1,960,684         1,726,998
         Prepayments in connection with construction work and equipment purchases       2,665,403         2,722,854
         Prepaid expenses and deposits                                                  1,399,747         1,397,136
         Others                                                                         2,648,594         2,713,133


                                                                                        8,771,768         8,646,123


      The amounts due from CTC Group, associates of the Group and associates of CTC Group are unsecured, interest-free
      and are expected to be recovered within one year.



31. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                            2019              2018
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000


         Wealth management products                                                       703,420                 –
         Structured deposits                                                            3,864,404         5,046,898
         Equity instruments                                                               818,268                 –


                                                                                        5,386,092         5,046,898


         Analysed for reporting purpose as:
           Current assets                                                               4,567,824         5,046,898
           Non-current assets                                                             818,268                 –


                                                                                        5,386,092         5,046,898


      As at 31 December 2019 and 2018, the wealth management products and structured deposits were issued by banks in
      the PRC with variable returns linked to gold price, foreign exchange rates or floating interest rates.

      As at 31 December 2019 and 2018, the Group has the rights to redeem the wealth management products and
      structured deposits at expected maturity dates within 12 months after the end of reporting period.
                                                            China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   199


                                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019




32. RESTRICTED DEPOSITS
   Restricted deposits represent cash in bank pledged as deposits for bills payable and cash held in dedicated bank
   accounts for certain construction projects, and deposits with original maturity over three months. Restricted deposits
   carry interest at prevailing market interest rates.



33. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

                                                                                                        2019                   2018
                                                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000


     Cash at bank and in hand                                                                     16,276,210             16,011,556
     Cash at China Telecom Group Finance Co., Ltd. (“China Telecom Finance”)                       2,147,014                      –
     Deposits at bank with original maturity less than three months                                  797,540                 94,690


     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                    19,220,764             16,106,246


   Bank balances carry interest at prevailing market interest rates.

   RMB is not a freely convertible currency and the remittance of funds out of the PRC is subject to the exchange
   restrictions imposed by the PRC government.



34. INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS
   The Group’s short-term interest-bearing borrowings comprise:

                                                                                                        2019                   2018
                                                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000


     RMB denominated
     Loan from CTC Group
       – unsecured                                                                                      13,280                13,280

     USD denominated
     Borrowings from banks
       – unsecured                                                                                    350,903                393,947

     Other denominated
     Borrowings from banks
       – unsecured                                                                                    147,051                 54,776


                                                                                                      511,234                462,003
200 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




34. INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS (continued)

      The Group’s short-term borrowings bearing interest rate per annum are as follows:

                                                                                                   2019             2018


         RMB denominated
         Loan from CTC Group
           – unsecured                                                                           2.39%             2.39%

         USD denominated
         Borrowings from banks
           – unsecured(fixed interest rate)                                           3.43%–4.90%           3.43%–4.90%
           – unsecured(floating interest rate)                                     London Interbank                 Libor
                                                                                       Offered Rate        +1.00%–1.35%
                                                                                           (“Libor”)
                                                                                     +1.00%–1.70%

         Other denominated
         Borrowings from banks
           – unsecured(fixed interest rate)                                              2.91%–10.63%       2.45%–9.24%
           – unsecured(floating interest rate)                                           Kiev Interbank              N/A
                                                                                           Offered Rate
                                                                                               (“Kibor”)
                                                                                                 +1.00%


      The Group’s long-term interest-bearing borrowings comprise:

                                                                                                  2019            2018
                                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000


         USD denominated
         Borrowings from banks
           – unsecured                                                                                –           8,922


      The Group’s long-term borrowings bearing interest rate per annum are as follows:

                                                                                                   2019           2018


         USD denominated
         Borrowings from banks
           – unsecured                                                                                –    3.43%–3.83%
                                                           China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   201


                                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




34. INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS (continued)

   The Group’s borrowings were repayable as follows:

                                                                                                       2019                   2018
                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000


     Within 1 year                                                                                   511,234                462,003
     After 1 year but within 2 years                                                                       –                  8,922


                                                                                                     511,234                470,925


   As at 31 December 2019 and 2018, no borrowings from bank were subject to financial covenants.



35. ACCOUNTS AND BILLS PAYABLE
   Accounts and bills payable comprise:

                                                                                                       2019                   2018
                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000


     Accounts payable                                                                            28,773,659             27,067,452
     Bills payable                                                                                1,900,960              1,212,081


                                                                                                 30,674,619             28,279,533


   The ageing analysis of accounts and bills payable based on the invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                                       2019                   2018
                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000


     Within 1 year                                                                               28,596,463             25,945,423
     After 1 year but less than 2 years                                                           1,363,485              1,651,120
     After 2 years but less than 3 years                                                            433,210                364,176
     After 3 years                                                                                  281,461                318,814


                                                                                                 30,674,619             28,279,533


   Included in accounts and bills payable are amounts due to CTC Group, associates of the Group and associates of CTC
   Group of RMB1,447 million (2018: RMB1,118 million) as at 31 December 2019. The amounts due to CTC Group,
   associates of the Group and associates of CTC Group are unsecured, interest-free and are expected to be settled within
   one year.
202 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




36. LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                                                                    2019
                                                                                                                 RMB’000

         Lease liabilities payable:
         Within 1 year                                                                                                343,281
         After 1 year but within 2 years                                                                              241,228
         After 2 years but within 5 years                                                                             282,353
         After 5 years                                                                                                166,591

                                                                                                                 1,033,453

         Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months shown under current liabilities                               343,281

         Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under non-current liabilities                                690,172



37. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                                  2019               2018
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000

         Telecommunications infrastructure services                                           7,286,501          6,865,112
         Other services                                                                       2,800,601          1,782,948

                                                                                             10,087,102          8,648,060


      As at 1 January 2018, contract liabilities amounted to RMB8,290 million.

      When the Group receives an advance payment before the performance obligation is satisfied, this will give rise to
      contract liabilities, until the operating revenues recognised on the relevant contract exceed the amount of the advance
      payment.

      The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised relates to carried-forward contract liabilities.

                                                                                     Telecommunications
                                                                                           infrastructure            Other
                                                                                                  services         services
                                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000

         For the year ended 31 December 2019
         Revenue recognised that was included in the contract
           liability balance at the beginning of the year                                        6,745,270       1,757,644

         For the year ended 31 December 2018
         Revenue recognised that was included in the contract
           liability balance at the beginning of the year                                        6,792,991       1,441,206
                                                                             China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019     203


                                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2019




38. ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                                          2019                    2018
                                                                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000


          Wages and welfare payable                                                                                   1,561,988              1,587,977
          Amounts due to CTC Group, associates of the Group and associates of
            CTC Group (note (i))                                                                                        467,791                443,187
          Advance lease payments received                                                                                42,274                 29,364
          Other taxes payable                                                                                           591,905                650,481
          Special dividend and profit distribution payable to CTC Group (note (ii))                                      29,300                 29,300
          Dividend payable                                                                                               15,896                 22,832
          Payables for construction and purchase of property, plant and equipment                                        20,384                 33,758
          Others (note (iii))                                                                                         6,000,697              6,220,528


                                                                                                                      8,730,235              9,017,427


   Notes:


   (i)       The amounts due to CTC Group, associates of the Group and associates of CTC Group are unsecured, interest-free and are expected to be settled
             within one year.


   (ii)      Special dividend and profit distribution payable to CTC Group


             As disclosed in the Prospectus of the Company dated 27 November 2006, in accordance with the “Provisional Regulation relating to Corporate
             Restructuring of Enterprises and Related Management of State-owned Capital and Financial Treatment” which was issued by the PRC Ministry of
             Finance and a resolution passed on 1 November 2006, the directors proposed and the shareholders approved the distribution of profit of the
             Group for the period from 1 April 2006 to 29 August 2006, being the calendar day immediately preceding to the date of incorporation of the
             Company. In the same resolution, the directors proposed and the shareholders approved the distribution of profit of the Group for the period
             from 30 August 2006 to the calendar day immediately preceding the date of its listing on the Stock Exchange (i.e. 7 December 2006) (together,
             the “2006 special dividend”).


             Pursuant to a resolution passed at directors’ meeting on 17 April 2007, the directors resolved to pay the 2006 special dividend to CTC and its
             subsidiaries amounting to RMB535 million in total, out of which RMB117 million was directly distributed at the subsidiary level. The Group has
             paid RMB533 million special dividend to CTC and its subsidiaries by 31 December 2019.


             As disclosed in the Circular of the Company dated 20 June 2007, in line with the principles set out in the “Notice of the Forwarding the
             Implementation Opinions of the state-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission about Further Standardisation of the Work
             Relating to the Reconstruction of State-owned Enterprise” issued by the General Office of the State Council of the PRC, the changes in net assets
             between the period from 1 February 2007 to 31 August 2007 of the Target Business should be distributed in form of cash to CTC and its
             subsidiaries amounting to RMB197 million in total, of which RMB170 million has been paid to CTC and its subsidiaries by 31 December 2019.


   (iii)     The amounts mainly include payables to suppliers for purchases on behalf of CTC Group, deposits received from subcontractors and others.
204 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




39. OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Other non-current liabilities mainly represent the deferred income arising from government grants and termination
      benefits.



40. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                                    2019               2018
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


         Registered, issued and fully paid:
         4,534,598,160 (31 December 2018: 4,534,598,160)
           domestic shares of RMB1.00 each                                                      4,534,598          4,534,598
         2,391,420,240 (31 December 2018: 2,391,420,240)
           H shares of RMB1.00 each                                                             2,391,420          2,391,420


                                                                                                6,926,018          6,926,018


                                                                                                    2019               2018
                                                                                               Thousand            Thousand
                                                                                                  shares              shares


         At 1 January and 31 December                                                           6,926,018          6,926,018


      All shareholders are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at
      meetings of the Company. All shares rank equally with regard to the Company’s residual assets.


      (a) Capital management
             The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
             going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders, by
             strengthening their leading position as integrated service provider to the telecommunications industry and
             achieving economies of scale in the market.

             The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain a balance between higher
             shareholder returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and the advantages and security
             afforded by a sound capital position, and makes adjustments to the capital structure in light of changes in
             economic conditions.

             The Group monitors its capital using a gearing ratio which is total debts divided by the sum of total debts and
             equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company. For this purpose, the Group defines total debt as the
             sum of short-term interest bearing borrowings and long-term interest bearing borrowings. The Group aims to
             maintain the gearing ratio at a reasonable level. The Group’s ratio as at 31 December 2019 was 1.5% (2018: 1.4%).
             In order to maintain or adjust the ratio, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, issue
             new shares, return capital to shareholders, raise new debt financing or sell assets to reduce debt.
                                                         China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   205


                                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019




41. RETIREMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS
   In accordance with the labour regulations of the PRC, the Group participates in various defined contribution retirement
   schemes organised by the municipal and provincial governments for its employees. The Group is required to make
   contributions to the retirement schemes at rates ranging from 14% to 20% (2018: 13% to 27%) of the salaries,
   bonuses and certain allowances of the employees.

   The Group has no other material obligation for the payment of pension benefits associated with these schemes beyond
   the annual contributions described above.



42. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

   (a) Capital commitments
        As at 31 December 2019, the Group had capital commitments for acquisition and construction of property, plant
        and equipment and other non-current assets as follows:

                                                                                                     2019                   2018
                                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000


           Contracted for but not provided                                                         543,676                500,340


   (b) Operating lease commitments
        As at 31 December 2018, the Group’s total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating
        leases were payable as follows:

                                                                                                                            2018
                                                                                                                         RMB’000


           Within 1 year                                                                                                  508,960
           After 1 year but within 5 years                                                                                630,437
           After 5 years                                                                                                  162,405


                                                                                                                        1,301,802



        The Group mainly leases a number of properties under operating leases. The leases typically run for period of 1
        year to 20 years, with an option to renew the lease when all terms are renegotiated. None of the leases includes
        contingent rentals.


   (c) Contingent liabilities
        As at 31 December 2019, the Group had no material contingent liabilities and no financial guarantees issued.
206 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




43. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES
      Exposure to credit, interest rate, liquidity and currency risks arises in the normal course of the Group’s business. The
      Group is also exposed to equity price risk arising from its equity investments in other entities and movements in its own
      equity share price.

      The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices used by the Group to
      manage these risks are described below.


      (a) Credit risk and impairment assessment
             The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to accounts receivable and contract assets arising from contracts
             with customers and other receivables. Management has a credit policy in place and the exposure to credit risks is
             monitored on an ongoing basis. Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral from customers.

             The Group’s major customers are CTC Group and CM Group. The Group has a certain concentration of credit risk
             as the Group’s major customers accounted for 60% of the total accounts and bills receivable as at 31 December
             2019 (2018: 67%). The Group has no significant credit risk with any of these customers since they are large state-
             owned companies in the telecommunications industry.

             The credit risk on cash at banks and restricted bank deposits is limited because the counterparties are banks with
             high credit rankings, mainly the four large state-owned banks.

             The credit risk on wealth management products and structured deposits is limited because the counterparties are
             reputable financial institutions.

             The amounts of cash and cash equivalents, restricted deposits, accounts and bills receivable, contract assets, other
             receivables and long-term receivables in the consolidated statement of financial position after deducting
             impairment allowance represent the Group’s maximum exposure to the credit risk in relation to financial assets.

             The Group recognises a loss allowance for ECL on financial assets and contract assets. The amount of ECL is
             updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition. Assessment are done
             based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general
             economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the
             forecast of future conditions.
                                                           China Communications Services Corporation Limited    Annual Report 2019   207


                                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019




43. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (continued)

   (a) Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)
       Accounts receivable and contract assets arising from contracts with customers
       The Group applied the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measure ECL which uses a lifetime ECL for all accounts
       receivable and contract assets. To measure the ECL, accounts receivable and contract assets have been grouped
       based on shared credit risk characteristics.

       The contract assets relate to unbilled revenues and have substantially the same risk characteristics as the accounts
       receivable for the same type of contracts. The Group has therefore concluded that the expected loss rates for the
       accounts receivable are a reasonable approximation of the loss rates for the contract assets. As at 31 December
       2019 and 2018, the credit loss allowance of contract assets was not material.

       The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk for accounts receivable which are
       assessed based on provision matrix within lifetime ECL. Debtors with significant outstanding balances with gross
       carrying amounts of RMB1,089 million as at 31 December 2019 were assessed individually (2018: RMB1,984
       million). In addition, 100% loss allowance provision has been made regarding balances due from
       telecommunications operators aged over 4 years of RMB248 million (2018: RMB243 million) and balances due
       from non-telecom operators aged over 3 years of RMB319 million (2018: RMB261 million)as at 31 December
       2019.

                                                                   2019                                            2018
                                                                 Gross      Loss                                  Gross           Loss
                                              Expected        carrying allowance             Expected           carrying    allowance
                                               loss rate       amount provision               loss rate         amount       provision
                                                              RMB’000   RMB’000                                RMB’000       RMB’000


         Telecommunications operators
         Within 1 year                            0.3% 10,823,868               (32,472)         0.3% 11,367,532               (34,103)
         After 1 year but within 2 years            2% 1,493,459                (29,869)           2%    984,086               (19,682)
         After 2 years but within 3 years          20%    394,278               (78,856)          20%    309,931               (61,986)
         After 3 years but within 4 years          50%    137,940               (68,970)          50%     76,110               (38,055)


                                                            12,849,545        (210,167)                   12,737,659         (153,826)


         Non-telecom operators
         Within 1 year                              1%       5,059,355          (50,594)           1%      4,008,595           (40,086)
         After 1 year but within 2 years           10%         568,218          (56,822)          10%        400,721           (40,072)
         After 2 years but within 3 years          20%         153,963          (30,793)          20%        171,995           (34,399)


                                                             5,781,536        (138,209)                    4,581,311         (114,557)


       Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past 1 to 4 years. These rates are adjusted to
       reflect differences between economic conditions during the period over which the historic data has been
       collected, current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions over the expected lives of the
       receivables.
208 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




43. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (continued)

      (a) Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)
             Accounts receivable and contract assets arising from contracts with customers
             (continued)
             The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for accounts receivable under
             the simplified approach.

                                                                                                                       RMB’000


               As at 1 January 2018                                                                                  1,325,499
               Changes due to financial assets recognised as at 1 January 2018:
                 – Impairment loss recognised                                                                           246,561
                 – Impairment loss reversed                                                                            (255,339)
                 – Uncollectible amounts written off                                                                     (44,305)
               New financial assets originated                                                                          142,117


               As at 31 December 2018                                                                                1,414,533


               Changes due to financial assets recognised as at 1 January 2019:
                 – Impairment loss recognised                                                                           160,450
                 – Impairment loss reversed                                                                            (188,527)
                 – Uncollectible amounts written off                                                                     (16,326)
               New financial assets originated                                                                          187,654


               As at 31 December 2019                                                                                1,557,784


             The Group writes off an accounts receivable when there is information indicating that the debtor is in severe
             financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the debtor has been placed under
             liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings.


      (b) Interest rate risk
             The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk primarily from its short-term and long-term debts carrying
             interests at fixed rates. The Group manages its exposure to fair value interest rate risk by maintaining high
             proportion of fixed rate debts with maturity within one year. Details of the interest rates of interest-bearing
             borrowings are disclosed in note 34.

             The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to wealth management products and
             structured deposits, and short-term debts carrying interests at variable rates. The Group manages its exposure to
             interest rate risk by closely monitoring the change in the market interest rate.

             The management of the Group considers the fluctuation in interest rates on wealth management products and
             structured deposits, and short-term debts carrying interests at variable rates is insignificant due to short maturity.
             Therefore, no sensitivity analysis is presented.
                                                          China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   209


                                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019




43. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (continued)

   (c) Liquidity risk
       Individual operating entities within the Group are responsible for their own cash management, including the
       short term investment of cash surpluses and the raising of loans to cover expected cash demands, subject to
       approval by the Company’s board when the borrowings exceed certain predetermined levels of authority. The
       Group’s policy is to regularly monitor its liquidity requirements, to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of
       cash and readily realisable marketable securities and adequate committed lines of funding from major financial
       institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.

       The following table show the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period of the Group’s
       non-derivative financial liabilities and lease liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows
       (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on interest rates at the end of
       the reporting period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay:

                                                                        2019                                    2018
                                                             Contractual                             Contractual
                                                          undiscounted                             undiscounted
                                                           cash outflow                             cash outflow
                                                           within 1 year          Carrying         within 1 year           Carrying
                                                          or on demand             amount         or on demand             amount
                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000              RMB’000            RMB’000


         Short-term interest-bearing borrowings
           (note 34)                                            517,090           511,234               467,332           462,003
         Accounts and bills payable (note 35)                30,674,619        30,674,619            28,279,533        28,279,533
         Current portion of lease liabilities (note 36)         355,639           343,281                     –                 –
         Accrued expenses and other payables
           (note 38)                                           8,730,235         8,730,235            9,017,427          9,017,427


                                                             40,277,583        40,259,369            37,764,292        37,758,963


   (d) Currency risk
       Foreign currency exchange rate risk arises on financial instruments that are denominated in a currency other than
       the respective functional currencies of group entities. The Group’s foreign currency risk exposure relates to the
       bank deposits and borrowings denominated primarily in United States dollars, Hong Kong dollars, Nigerian Naira,
       Saudi Arabian Riyal and Ethiopian Birr. 95.8% (2018: 95.3%) of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents and 2.6%
       (2018: 2.8%) of the Group’s short-term debt and long-term debt as at 31 December 2019 are denominated in
       RMB.
210 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




43. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (continued)

      (d) Currency risk (continued)
             The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to currency risk arising from
             recognised assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity to which
             they related. For presentation purposes, the amounts of the exposure are shown in RMB, translated using the
             spot rate at the year-end date.


             Exposure to currency risk

                                                                 Exposure to foreign currencies (expressed in RMB)
                                                                                31 December 2019
                                                      United          Hong                      Saudi
                                                       States         Kong      Nigerian      Arabian     Ethiopian
                                                      dollars        dollars       Naira         Riyal          Birr     Others
                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


               Cash and cash equivalents              434,002         48,986       91,400      41,894         1,123      191,462
               Accounts receivable                    335,471         95,152        6,791     190,057         8,218      216,451
               Contract assets                        222,146          8,809           72      24,563        42,798      226,832
               Accounts payable                      (189,945)      (360,260)     (25,288)    (58,355)      (24,554)    (189,536)
               Short-term interest-bearing
                 borrowings                          (350,903)             –            –            –             –    (147,051)


               Overall net exposure                   450,771       (207,313)     72,975      198,159        27,585     298,158


                                                                   Exposure to foreign currencies (expressed in RMB)
                                                                                  31 December 2018
                                                       United          Hong                      Saudi
                                                       States          Kong      Nigerian      Arabian     Ethiopian
                                                       dollars        dollars       Naira         Riyal          Birr     Others
                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


               Cash and cash equivalents              313,705         83,530       96,929      91,751         4,058      163,371
               Accounts receivable                    319,950         82,539        4,848     133,615         4,424      234,293
               Contract assets                         90,031         32,777            –      61,374        45,887      210,747
               Accounts payable                       (61,963)      (315,046)     (24,878)    (44,009)      (32,893)    (159,448)
               Short-term interest-bearing
                 borrowings                           (393,947)            –            –            –             –     (54,776)
               Long-term interest-bearing
                 borrowings                             (8,922)            –            –            –             –           –


               Overall net exposure                   258,854       (116,200)     76,899      242,731        21,476     394,187
                                                        China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   211


                                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019




43. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (continued)

   (d) Currency risk (continued)
       Exposure to currency risk (continued)
       The following significant exchange rates applied during the year:

                                                         Average rate                                   Spot rate
                                                          2019                    2018                2019                   2018


         United States dollars                             6.92                   6.70                 6.98                  6.86
         Hong Kong dollars                                 0.89                   0.86                 0.90                  0.88
         Nigerian Naira                                    0.02                   0.02                 0.02                  0.02
         Saudi Arabian Riyal                               1.84                   1.79                 1.86                  1.83
         Ethiopian Birr                                    0.23                   0.24                 0.22                  0.24


       Sensitivity analysis
       The following table indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after tax (and retained profits) and
       other components of consolidated equity that would arise if foreign exchange rates to which the Group has
       significant exposure at the end of the reporting period had changed at that date, assuming all other risk variables
       remained constant.

                                                         2019                                                2018
                                  Strengthen/       Effect on                       Strengthen/         Effect on
                                     (weaken)     profit after  Effect on              (weaken)       profit after       Effect on
                                    in foreign       tax and        other             in foreign          tax and            other
                                     exchange       retained components               exchange           retained     components
                                          rate        profits  of equity                    rate           profits       of equity
                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000                                RMB’000          RMB’000


         United States dollars              5%         16,904                 –               5%             9,707                –
                                          (5)%        (16,904)                –             (5)%            (9,707)               –
         Hong Kong dollars                  5%         (7,774)                –               5%            (4,358)               –
                                          (5)%          7,774                 –             (5)%             4,358                –
         Nigerian Naira                     5%          2,737                 –               5%             2,884                –
                                          (5)%         (2,737)                –             (5)%            (2,884)               –
         Saudi Arabian Riyal                5%          7,431                 –               5%             9,102                –
                                          (5)%         (7,431)                –             (5)%            (9,102)               –
         Ethiopian Birr                     5%          1,034                 –               5%               805                –
                                           (5%)        (1,034)                –             (5)%              (805)               –
212 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




43. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (continued)

      (d) Currency risk (continued)
             Sensitivity analysis (continued)
             Results of the analysis as presented in the above table represent an aggregation of the instantaneous effects on
             each of the group entities’ profit after tax measured in the respective functional currencies, translated into RMB
             at the exchange rate ruling at the end of the reporting period for presentation purpose.

             The sensitivity analysis assumes that the change in foreign exchange rates had been applied to remeasure those
             financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to foreign currency risk at the end of the
             reporting period. The analysis excludes differences that would result from the translation of the financial
             statements of foreign operations into the Group’s presentation currency. The analysis is performed on the same
             basis for 2018.


      (e) Price risk
             The Group is exposed to equity price changes arising from equity investments at FVTPL and designated as at
             FVTOCI. Other than certain unquoted equity securities, all of these investments are listed.

             The Group’s listed investments are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange. Listed
             investments held in the investment portfolio have been chosen based on their longer term growth potential and
             are monitored regularly for performance against expectations.

             The price risk on wealth management products and structured deposits is limited because maturity period of
             these investments is short.

             At 31 December 2019, it is estimated that an increase/(decrease) of 5% (2018: 5%) in the relevant share price (for
             listed investments) as applicable, with all other variables held constant, would have increased/(decreased) the
             Group’s other components of consolidated equity as follows:

                                                                           2019                           2018
                                                                Increase/            Effect on     Increase/        Effect on
                                                               (decrease)                other   (decrease)             other
                                                                in equity         components       in equity     components
                                                                    price           of equity          price        of equity
                                                                                     RMB’000                       RMB’000


               Changes in the relevant equity price
                 risk variable:
                 Increase                                              5%             153,016           5%           139,843
                Decrease                                             (5%)            (153,016)        (5%)          (139,843)


             The sensitivity analysis indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s other components of consolidated
             equity that would arise assuming that the changes in the share price had occurred at the end of the reporting
             period and had been applied to remeasure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the
             Group to equity price risk at the end of the reporting period.
                                                             China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   213


                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2019




43. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (continued)

   (f) Fair value
       (i)   Financial instruments carried at fair value on a recurring basis
             Some of the Group’s financial instruments are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period.

                                                                                            2019
                                                                     Level 1            Level 2           Level 3             Total
                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000


               Financial Assets
               Equity instruments at fair value through
                 other comprehensive income (note (i))                 47,339                    –      4,040,865           4,088,204

               Financial assets at fair value through
                  profit or loss
                  – Wealth management products and
                       structured deposits (note (ii))                        –                  –      4,567,824           4,567,824
                  – Equity instruments at fair value
                       through profit or loss (note (iii))                    –                  –         818,268            818,268



                                                                                            2018
                                                                      Level 1            Level 2            Level 3             Total
                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000


               Financial Assets
               Equity instruments at fair value through
                 other comprehensive income (note (i))                 42,684                    –      3,694,869           3,737,553

               Financial assets at fair value through
                  profit or loss
                  – Wealth management products and
                       structured deposits (note (ii))                        –                  –      5,046,898           5,046,898

               Financial Liabilities
               Financial liabilities at fair value through
                  profit or loss
                  – Trading financial liabilities
                    – Foreign currency forward contract                       –               192                   –                 192
214 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




43. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (continued)

      (f) Fair value (continued)
             (i)   Financial instruments carried at fair value on a recurring basis (continued)

                   Notes:


                   (i)       One of the invested entities was listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2018 and the Group is contractually prevented from selling
                             the shares immediately following the initial public offering. At the end of each reporting period, the Group involves external valuer
                             to determine the fair value of the listed equity security that is within the restricted period, based on the quoted price of the
                             identical unrestricted shares traded in stock exchange and adjusted to reflect the effect of restriction. An increase in the discount
                             rate of lack of marketability used in isolation would result in a decrease in the fair value measurement of this equity instrument and
                             vice versa, and the discount rate is 11.50% (2018: 13.85%). A 5% increase in the discount rate holding all other variables constant
                             would decrease the carrying amount of this equity instrument by RMB26 million as at 31 December 2019 (2018: RMB30 million).


                   (ii)      At the end of each reporting period, the Group determines the fair value of the wealth management products and structured
                             deposits by estimating the discounted cash flow upon them. The future cash flows are estimated based on expected recoverable
                             amounts, and discounted at a rate that reflects the credit risk of various counterparties.


                   (iii)     One of the invested entities was China Telecom Finance. At the end of each reporting period, the Group involves external valuer to
                             determine the fair value of China Telecom Finance based on P/B multiples of comparable companies and discount rate for lack of
                             marketability.



             (ii) Reconciliation of level 3 fair value measurement

                                                                          Equity instruments                          Wealth                         Equity
                                                                                 at fair value                  management                    instruments
                                                                              through other                     products and                  at fair value
                                                                             comprehensive                         structured                     through
                                                                                      income                         deposits                profit or loss
                                                                                     RMB’000                         RMB’000                      RMB’000


                          As at 1 January 2019                                          3,694,869                     5,046,898                               –

                          Purchase                                                                  –                9,950,000                       64,430
                          Transferred from deposit paid                                             –                        –                      750,000
                          Settlements                                                               –              (10,450,000)                           –
                          Total gains
                            – in profit or loss                                                  –                        20,926                        3,838
                            – in other comprehensive income                                345,996                             –                            –


                          As at 31 December 2019                                        4,040,865                     4,567,824                     818,268
                                                         China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   215


                                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019




43. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (continued)

   (f) Fair value (continued)
        (ii) Reconciliation of level 3 fair value measurement (continued)

                                                                                   Equity instruments                     Wealth
                                                                                          at fair value             management
                                                                                       through other                products and
                                                                                      comprehensive                    structured
                                                                                               income                    deposits
                                                                                             RMB’000                    RMB’000


                As at 1 January 2018                                                        3,952,268                   1,262,409

                Purchase                                                                                –             10,650,000
                Settlements                                                                             –              (6,900,000)
                Total gains (losses)
                  – in profit or loss                                                                –                     34,489
                  – in other comprehensive income                                             (257,399)                         –


                As at 31 December 2018                                                      3,694,869                   5,046,898


        (iii) Fair values of financial instruments carried at other than fair value
              The fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortised cost are not materially
              different from their carrying amounts, which are determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing
              models based on discounted cash flow analysis.



44. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
   In determining the carrying amounts of certain assets and liabilities, the Group makes assumptions of the effects of
   uncertain future events on those assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period. These estimates involve
   assumptions about such items as risk adjustment to cash flows or discount rates used, future changes in salaries and
   future changes in prices affecting other costs. The Group’s estimates and assumptions are based on historical
   experience and expectations of future events and are reviewed periodically. In addition to assumptions and estimations
   of future events, judgements are also made during the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. In addition
   to those disclosed in note 21, other significant accounting estimates and judgements are summarised as follows:


   (a) Revenue recognition of construction service
        As explained in note 2(s), revenue from construction service are recognised over time. Revenue recognition of
        construction service on an uncompleted project is dependent on estimating the progress towards complete
        satisfaction of the performance obligation, which is based on output method. Actual outputs may be higher or
        lower than that estimated at the end of the reporting period, which would affect the revenue recognised in
        future years as an adjustment to the amounts recorded to date.
216 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




44. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (continued)

      (b) Provision of ECL for accounts receivable and contract assets
             Accounts receivable and contract assets with significant balances are assessed for ECL individually. In addition, the
             Group uses provision matrix to calculate ECL for the accounts receivable and contract assets which are individually
             insignificant. The provision rates are based on nature of debtors as groupings of various debtors that have similar
             loss patterns. The provision matrix is based on the Group’s historical default rates taking into consideration
             reasonable and supportable forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. At every
             reporting date, the historical observed default rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-looking
             information are considered. The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The information about the
             ECL and the Group’s accounts receivable and contract assets are disclosed in notes 43(a), 28 and 29 respectively.


      (c) Impairment of long-lived assets other than goodwill
             If circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable, the asset may be
             considered “impaired”, and an impairment loss may be recognised in accordance with accounting policy for
             impairment of long-lived assets as described in note 2(l). The carrying amounts of long-lived assets are reviewed
             periodically in order to assess whether the recoverable amounts have declined below the carrying amounts. These
             assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their recorded
             carrying amounts may not be recoverable. When such a decline has occurred, the carrying amount is reduced to
             recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the greater of the fair value less costs of disposal and the value in
             use. In determining the value in use, expected future cash flows generated by the asset are discounted to their
             present value, which requires significant judgement relating to level of revenue and amount of operating costs.
             The Group uses all readily available information in determining an amount that is a reasonable approximation of
             recoverable amount, including estimates based on reasonable and supportable assumptions and projections of
             revenue and amount of operating costs. Changes in these estimates could have a significant impact on the
             carrying amount of the assets and could result in additional impairment charge or reversal of impairment in future
             periods.


      (d) Depreciation and amortisation
             Property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets with finite useful lives are depreciated/
             amortised on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, after taking into account their
             estimated residual value. The Group reviews the estimated useful lives and residual values of the assets annually
             in order to determine the amount of depreciation/amortisation expense to be recorded during any reporting
             period. The useful lives and residual values are based on the Group’s historical experience with similar assets, and
             taking into account anticipated technological changes. The depreciation and amortisation expense for future
             periods is adjusted if there are significant changes from previous estimates.
                                                       China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   217


                                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




44. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (continued)

   (e) Deferred tax assets
      The recognition of deferred tax assets requires assessment of the temporary differences which arise as a
      consequence of different accounting and tax treatments. These temporary differences result in deferred tax assets
      are included within the consolidated statement of financial position. Deferred tax assets are measured using
      substantially enacted tax rates expected to apply when the temporary differences reverse. Deferred tax assets are
      not recognised where it is more likely than not that the asset will not be realised in the future. This evaluation
      requires judgements to be made including the forecast of future taxable income. Recognition therefore, involves
      the management’s judgement regarding the future financial performance of the particular legal entity in which
      the deferred tax asset has been recognised and interpretation of country specific tax law and the likelihood of
      settlement. However, the actual tax assets could differ from the provision and in such event the Group would be
      required to make an adjustment in a subsequent period which could have a material impact on the Group’s profit
      or loss.


   (f) Fair value measurement of financial instruments
      Certain of the Group’s equity investments are measured at fair values with fair values being determined based on
      unobserved inputs using valuation techniques. Judgement and estimation are required in establishing the relevant
      valuation techniques and the relevant inputs thereof. Changes in assumptions relating to these factors could
      affect the reported fair values of these instruments. See note 43(f) for further disclosures.
218 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




45. RELATED PARTIES
      The Group is part of companies under CTC Group and has significant transactions and relationships with members of
      CTC Group. Apart from the transactions and balances disclosed in the consolidated financial statements set out above,
      there are the following related party transactions:


      (a) Transactions with CTC Group
             Because of the relationships between the Group and CTC Group, it is possible that the terms of those transactions
             are not the same as those that would result from transactions among unrelated parties.

             The principal transactions with CTC Group which were carried out in the ordinary course of business are as
             follows:

                                                                                                  2019               2018
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


               Engineering related services revenue (note (i))                               16,386,268         18,646,185
               IT application services revenue (note (ii))                                    3,094,988          2,386,995
               Provision of ancillary telecommunications services revenue (note (iii))       14,758,217         13,975,887
               Provision of operation support services revenue (note (iv))                    3,567,633          3,092,211
               Supplies procurement services revenue (note (v))                               2,697,304          3,079,803
               Property leasing services revenue (note (vi))                                    128,729             97,532
               Management fee income (note (vii))                                               370,324            329,335
               Property leasing services charges (note (viii))                                  202,655            237,519
               IT application services charges (note (ix))                                      153,874            285,363
               Operation support services charges (note (x))                                    736,005            703,993
               Supplies procurement services charges (note (xi))                              1,121,107          1,811,076
               Interest expenses (note (xii))                                                    17,847              1,403
               Net deposit to China Telecom Finance (note (xiii))                             2,147,014                  –
               Interest income of deposits to China Telecom Finance (note (xiv))                  3,020                  –
                                                                       China Communications Services Corporation Limited     Annual Report 2019     219


                                                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019




45. RELATED PARTIES (continued)

   (a) Transactions with CTC Group (continued)
       Notes:


       (i)      The amount represents telecommunications infrastructure services such as design, construction and project management provided to CTC
                Group.


       (ii)     The amount represents the telecommunications network support services, software and hardware development and other IT related
                services provided to CTC Group.


       (iii)    The amount represents ancillary telecommunications services such as maintenance of network facilities (including optical ducts and cables,
                exchange buildings and base stations), operation of distribution channels, fixed line and wireless value-added service, internet contents
                and information services provided to CTC Group.


       (iv)     The amount represents the facilities management, advertising, conferencing services and certain repair and leasing of equipment services
                provided to CTC Group.


       (v)      The amount represents supplies procurement service such as warehousing, transportation and installation and other related services
                provided to CTC Group.


       (vi)     The amount represents rentals from operating leases in respect of business premises leased to CTC Group.


       (vii)    The amount represents management fee in respect of headquarters management function services (“Centralised Services”) provided to
                CTC Group.


       (viii)   The amount represents rentals from leases (2018: operating leases) in respect of business premises paid and payable to CTC Group.


       (ix)     The amount represents the charge paid and payable to CTC Group for basic telecommunications service, value-added service and
                information application service.


       (x)      The amount represents the charge paid and payable to CTC Group for logistics, labor resources, cultural, educational, hygiene and other
                supporting services.


       (xi)     The amount represents the charge paid and payable to CTC Group for supplies procurement services, warehousing, transportation and
                installation services.


       (xii)    The amount represents the interest paid and payable to CTC Group in respect of the loans and lease liabilities from CTC Group.


       (xiii)   The amount represents net deposits under deposit services provided by China Telecom Finance.


       (xiv)    The amount represents the interest income from deposit services provided by China Telecom Finance.
220 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




45. RELATED PARTIES (continued)

      (a) Transactions with CTC Group (continued)
             Amounts due from/to CTC Group included in respective balances are summarised as follows:

                                                                                               2019              2018
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000


               Cash and cash equivalents                                                   2,147,014                –
               Accounts and bills receivable, net                                          8,863,454       10,279,477
               Contract assets, net                                                        8,760,826        9,086,987
               Prepayments and other current assets                                          759,769          776,901


               Total amounts due from CTC Group                                           20,531,063       20,143,365


               Interest-bearing borrowings                                                    13,280           13,280
               Accounts and bills payable                                                    608,905          449,365
               Contract liabilities                                                          550,012          650,723
               Accrued expenses and other payables                                           409,680          392,438
               Current portion of lease liabilities                                          123,506                –
               Lease liabilities                                                             314,655                –


               Total amounts due to CTC Group                                              2,020,038        1,505,806


             As at 31 December 2019, the Group has recognised credit losses of RMB349 million (2018: RMB243 million) in
             respect of amounts due from CTC Group.

             As at 31 December 2019, the Group has recognised right-of-use assets of RMB394 million under lease contracts
             with CTC Group. For the year ended 31 December 2019, the amount of lease payment made to CTC Group was
             RMB134 million.

             As at 31 December 2019, the Group has capital commitments to CTC Group for acquisition and construction of
             property, plant and equipment and other assets as follows:

                                                                                               2019              2018
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000


               Contracted for but not provided                                               459,437          446,466
                                                       China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   221


                                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




45. RELATED PARTIES (continued)

   (a) Transactions with CTC Group (continued)
       As at 31 December 2018, the Group’s total future minimum lease payments to CTC Group under non-cancellable
       operating leases were payable as follows:

                                                                                                                          2018
                                                                                                                       RMB’000


         Within 1 year                                                                                                  133,571
         After 1 year but within 5 years                                                                                202,647
         After 5 years                                                                                                   64,383


                                                                                                                        400,601


       The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the above transactions with related parties were conducted
       on normal commercial terms in the ordinary course of business and the terms are reasonable so far as the
       shareholders of the Company are concerned.

       In connection with the Restructuring, the Company and CTC entered into a number of agreements effective as at
       November 16, 2006 to take up the existing agreements signed between the Predecessor Operations and CTC as
       set out in items (i), (ii) and (iii) below, together with a new agreement governing the provision of headquarter
       management function by the Company as set out in item (iv). After the Company acquired the Target Business in
       2007, these agreements were amended by way of the 2008 Supplemental Agreement, pursuant to which the
       terms of the Agreements were renewed to 31 December 2010. On 29 October 2009, the Company entered into
       the Supplies Procurement Services Framework Agreement as set out in item (v) below. On 9 November 2010,
       these agreements were amended by way of 2010 Supplement Agreement, pursuant to which the terms of the
       Agreements were renewed to 31 December 2012. On 14 November 2011, the Company announced to propose
       the increase of annual caps for service charges payable to CTC Group under the Supplies Procurement Services
       Framework Agreement to RMB2,100 million and RMB2,600 million respectively, for the two years ended 31
       December 2011 and 2012. On 20 September 2012, the Company announced to propose the increase of annual
       caps for the service charges receivable by the Company from CTC Group and the service charges payable by the
       Company to CTC Group under Operation Support Services Framework Agreement for the year ended 31
       December 2012 to RMB2,300 million and to RMB600 million, respectively, and the annual cap for the service
       charges receivable by the Company from CTC Group under the Supplies Procurement Services Framework
       Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2012 to RMB4,400 million, and signed Supplement Agreements
       which extended the expiry date of all agreements to 31 December 2016 and increased annual caps of several
       framework agreements. On 29 September 2015, the Company announced to propose the increase of annual
       caps for the service charges receivable by the Company from CTC Group under Engineering Framework
       Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2015 to RMB24,000 million, and the annual cap for the service
       charges payable by the Company to CTC Group under Operation Support Service Framework Agreement for the
       year ended 31 December 2015 (“2015 Agreements “) to RMB800 million, and signed agreements which
       extended the expiry date of all agreements to 31 December 2018 and increased annual caps of several framework
       agreements. On 28 September 2018, the Company entered into the 2018 Supplemental Agreements with CTC
       based on the 2015 Agreements to renew each of the 2015 Agreements for a further term of three years from 1
       January 2019 to 31 December 2021.
222 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




45. RELATED PARTIES (continued)

      (a) Transactions with CTC Group (continued)
             According to these Supplement Agreements for the year ended 31 December 2019, (i) the annual cap for the
             service charges receivable by the Company from CTC Group under the Engineering Related Services Framework
             Agreement was RMB26,000 million; (ii) the annual cap for the service charges receivable by the Company from
             CTC Group under the Ancillary Telecommunications Services Framework Agreement was RMB20,000 million; (iii)
             the annual caps for the service charges receivable by the Company from CTC Group and the service charges
             payable by the Company to CTC Group under the Operation Support Services Framework Agreement were
             RMB3,800 million and RMB1,600 million; respectively; (iv) the annual caps for the service charges receivable by
             the Company from CTC Group and the service charges payable by the Company to CTC Group under the IT
             Application Services Framework Agreement were RMB3,600 million and RMB500 million respectively; (v) the
             annual cap for the service charges receivable by the Company from CTC Group under the Centralised Services
             Framework Agreement was RMB450 million; (vi) the annual caps for the service charges receivable by the
             Company from CTC Group and the service charges payable by the Company to CTC Group under the Property
             Leasing Services Framework Agreement were RMB230 million and RMB270 million respectively; (vii) the annual
             caps for the service charges receivable by the Company from CTC Group and the service charges payable by the
             Company to CTC Group under the Supplies Procurement Services Framework Agreement were RMB6,000 million
             and RMB5,000 million respectively. The terms of the principal agreements impacting the results of operations of
             the Group are summarised as follows:

             (i)     The Group has entered into agreements with CTC pursuant to which the Group provides CTC Group with
                     construction, design and project supervision and management for telecommunications infrastructure
                     projects. In addition, the Group has entered into information technology service agreements with CTC
                     pursuant to which the Group provides CTC Group with telecommunications network support service,
                     software and hardware development and other IT related services. The amounts charged for these services
                     are determined by reference to market rates as reflected in prices obtained through a tender.

             (ii)    The Group has entered into facilities leasing agreements with CTC pursuant to which the Group leases
                     certain premises and other facilities to CTC Group, and vice versa. The rental charges are based on market
                     rate, with reference to amounts stipulated by local price bureau.

             (iii)   The Group has entered into operation support services agreements for facilities management, advertising,
                     conferencing, logistics, cultural, educational, hygiene and other community services with CTC. In addition,
                     the Group has entered into ancillary services agreements with CTC. The ancillary services provided to CTC
                     Group include repairs and maintenance of telecommunications equipment and facilities and certain
                     customer services. Pursuant to these agreements, the Group charges CTC Group, and vice versa, for these
                     services in accordance with the following terms:

                     –    market price. In determining the market price, the Group primarily considers the following factors: (i)
                          cost of service; (ii) prices of the same or similar type of services provided to CTC Group by other
                          service providers in the market; (iii) prices of the same or similar type of services provided to CTC
                          Group and independent third parties previously by the Group.

                     –    in the absence of market price or where the market price cannot be determined, the price shall be
                          agreed between both parties, which shall be the aggregate amount of reasonable costs, the relevant
                          taxes in sales and reasonable profits. “Reasonable costs” means the costs confirmed by both parties
                          after negotiations, and “reasonable profit” means a profit ratio confirmed by both parties during the
                          course of normal commercial negotiation, taking into account factors such as historical price,
                          transaction size, average profit ratio within the relevant industry, supply and demand, labor cost, local
                          commodity prices and economic development levels.
                                                         China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   223


                                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019




45. RELATED PARTIES (continued)

   (a) Transactions with CTC Group (continued)
       (iv)   The Group has entered into agreement with CTC pursuant to which the Group takes up the role as
              headquarter management function to manage assets of the telecommunications support business of
              provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions (“Centralised Services”) including Ningxia, Tibet and any
              assets retained by CTC after the Restructuring and acquisition of Target Business. The aggregate
              administrative costs incurred by the Group for the provision of the Centralised Services are apportioned pro
              rata between the Group and CTC Group according to the net asset ratio of each of the relevant party.

       (v)    The Group has entered into Supplies Procurement Services Framework agreement for procurement of
              telecommunication and non-telecommunication supplies, agency services of supplies procurement, sales of
              telecommunication supplies and management of biddings, verification of technical specifications,
              warehousing transportation and installation service. Pursuant to the agreement, the Group charges CTC
              Group for these services in accordance with the following terms:

              –    maximum 1% of the contract value for procurement services on imported telecommunication
                   supplies;

              –    maximum 3% of the contract value for procurement services on domestic telecommunication and
                   non-telecommunication supplies and materials;

              –    market price. In determining the market price, the Group primarily considers the following factors: (i)
                   cost of service; (ii) prices of the same or similar type of services provided to CTC Group or the Group
                   by other service providers in the market; (iii) prices of the same or similar type of services provided to
                   CTC Group and independent third parties by the Group, or prices of the same or similar type of
                   services provided to the Group by CTC Group and independent third parties;

              –    in the absence of market price or where the market price cannot be determined, the price shall be
                   agreed between both parties, which shall be the aggregate amount of reasonable costs, the taxes in
                   sales and reasonable profits. “Reasonable costs” means the costs confirmed by both parties after
                   negotiations, and “reasonable profit” means a profit ratio confirmed by both parties during the
                   course of normal commercial negotiation, taking into account factors such as historical price,
                   transaction size, average profit ratio within the relevant industry, supply and demand, labor cost, local
                   commodity prices and economic development levels.

       On 1 February 2019, the Group and China Telecom Finance entered into the Financial Services Framework
       Agreement, pursuant to which China Telecom Finance has agreed to provide financial services to the Group,
       including deposit services, loan services and other financial services.

       According to the Financial Services Framework Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2019, the annual cap
       in respect of the maximum daily balance of the Group’s deposits with China Telecom Finance (including the
       interest accrued thereon) under the deposit services was RMB7.5 billion.

       The terms of the financial services offered to the Group by China Telecom Finance shall be equivalent to or more
       favorable than those offered to the Group by the major cooperative commercial banks of the Group for the
       financial services in the same period and of the same type.
224 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




45. RELATED PARTIES (continued)

      (b) Transactions with associates of the Group and associates of CTC Group
             The Group has entered into transactions with associates over which the Group or CTC Group can exercise
             significant influence. The transactions entered into by the Group and the associates are as follows:

                                                                                                                             2019                    2018
                                                                                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000


                    Engineering related services revenue (note (i))                                                      3,247,327              3,217,170
                    IT application services revenue (note (ii))                                                             83,571                 54,935
                    Provision of ancillary telecommunications services revenue (note (iii))                              1,531,402              1,565,142
                    Provision of operation support services revenue (note (iv))                                             73,501                 68,366
                    Supplies procurement services revenue (note (v))                                                       171,621                149,113
                    Property leasing services revenue (note (vi))                                                            3,966                  2,543
                    Property leasing services charges (note (vii))                                                           3,289                  6,200
                    IT application services charges (note (viii))                                                          124,724                  3,078
                    Operation support services charges (note (ix))                                                       1,727,336                350,278
                    Supplies procurement service charges (note (x))                                                         42,221                    188
                    Interest expenses (note (xi))                                                                                5                      –


             Notes:


             (i)       The amount represents telecommunications infrastructure services such as design, construction and project management provided to
                       associates of the Group and associates of CTC Group.


             (ii)      The amount represents the telecommunications network support services, software and hardware development and other IT related
                       services provided to associates of CTC Group.


             (iii)     The amount represents ancillary telecommunications services such as maintenance of network facilities (including optical ducts and cables,
                       exchange buildings and base stations); operation of distribution channels; fixed line and wireless value-added service; internet contents
                       and information services provided to associates of the Group and associates of CTC Group.


             (iv)      The amount represents the facilities management, advertising, conferencing services and certain repair and leasing of equipment services
                       provided to associates of the Group and associates of CTC Group.


             (v)       The amount represents supplies procurement service such as warehousing, transportation and installation and other related services
                       provided to associates of CTC Group.


             (vi)      The amount represents rentals from operating leases in respect of business premises leased to associates of CTC Group.


             (vii)     The amount represents rentals from lease (2018: operating leases) in respect of business premises paid and payable to associates of the
                       Group and associates of CTC Group.


             (viii)    The amount represents the charge paid and payable to associates of the Group and associates of CTC Group for basic telecommunications
                       service, value-added service and information application service.
                                                                         China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019    225


                                                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019




45. RELATED PARTIES (continued)

   (b) Transactions with associates of the Group and associates of CTC Group (continued)
       Notes: (continued)


       (ix)     The amount represents the charge paid and payable to associates of the Group and associates of CTC Group for logistics, labour
                resources, cultural, educational, hygiene and other supporting services.


       (x)      The amount represents the charge paid and payable to associates of the Group and associates of CTC Group for supplies procurement
                services, warehousing, transportation and installation services.


       (xi)     The amount represents the interest paid and payable associates of CTC Group in respect of lease liabilities from associates of CTC Group.


       Amounts due from/to associates of the Group and associates of CTC Group included in respective balances are
       summarised as follows:

                                                                                                                      2019                    2018
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000


             Accounts and bills receivable, net                                                                     422,635                 340,641
             Contract assets, net                                                                                   225,008                 173,010
             Prepayments and other current assets                                                                 1,200,915                 950,097


             Total amounts due from associates of the Group and associates
               of CTC Group                                                                                       1,848,558               1,463,748


             Accounts and bills payable                                                                              838,139                668,839
             Contract liabilities                                                                                    742,458                761,110
             Current portion of lease liabilities                                                                        125                      –
             Lease liabilities                                                                                           113                      –
             Accrued expenses and other payables                                                                      87,411                 80,049


             Total amounts due to associates of the Group and associates
               of CTC Group                                                                                       1,668,246               1,509,998


       As at 31 December 2019, associates of CTC Group has recognised right-of-use assets of RMB216 thousand under
       lease contracts with associates of CTC Group. For the year ended 31 December 2019, the amount of lease
       payment made to associates of CTC Group was RMB58 thousand.

       The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the above transactions with related parties were conducted
       on normal commercial terms in the ordinary course of business and the terms are reasonable.
226 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




45. RELATED PARTIES (continued)

      (c) Transactions with other government-related entities in the PRC
             The Company is a state-controlled enterprise and operates in an economic regime currently dominated by entities
             directly or indirectly controlled by the PRC through government authorities, agencies, affiliations and other
             organisations (collectively referred to as “government-related entities”).

             Apart from transactions with parent company and its affiliates (note 45(a)), the Group has collectively, but not
             individually significant transactions with other government-related entities, which include but are not limited to
             the following:

             –      Rendering and receiving services, including but not limited to telecommunications services

             –      Sales and purchases of goods, properties and other assets

             –      Lease of assets

             –      Depositing and borrowing money

             –      Use of public utilities

             These transactions are conducted in the ordinary course of the Group’s business on terms comparable to the
             terms of transactions with other entities that are not government-related. The Group prices its
             telecommunications services and products based on government-regulated tariff rates, where applicable, or based
             on commercial negotiations. The Group has also established its procurement policies and approval processes for
             purchases of products and services, which do not depend on whether the counterparties are government-related
             entities or not.

             The directors of the Company believe the above information provides meaningful disclosure of related party
             transactions.


      (d) Transactions with key management personnel
             Remuneration for key management personnel, including amounts paid to the Company’s directors and
             supervisors as disclosed in note 12 and certain of the highest paid employees as disclosed in note 13, is as
             follows:

                                                                                                    2019              2018
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000


                 Salaries and other emoluments                                                       5,914            6,737
                 Retirement benefits                                                                 2,642            2,069
                 Discretionary bonuses                                                              16,619           17,148


                                                                                                    25,175           25,954
                                                         China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   227


                                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019




45. RELATED PARTIES (continued)

   (e) Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans
        In accordance with the labour regulations of the PRC, the Group participates in various defined contribution
        retirement schemes organised by the municipal and provincial governments for its employees. The Group is
        required to make contributions to the retirement schemes at rates ranging from 14% to 20% (2018: 13% to
        27%) of the salaries, bonuses and certain allowances of the employees. A member of the scheme is entitled to a
        pension equal to a fixed proportion of the salary prevailing at his or her retirement date. The Group has no other
        material obligation for the payment of pension benefits associated with these schemes beyond the annual
        contributions described above.

        As at 31 December 2019 and 2018, there was no material outstanding contribution to post-employment benefit
        plans.

        The directors believe the above information provides meaningful disclosure of related party transactions.


   (f) Applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions
        The related party transactions with CTC Group disclosed in note 45(a) above constitute continuing connected
        transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The applicable disclosures required by Chapter 14A of
        the Listing Rules are provided in the “Continuing Connected Transactions” section to the annual report.



46. SEGMENT REPORTING
   The Group principally has one operating segment, which is the provision of integrated comprehensive smart solutions
   in the field of informatisation and digitalization. Therefore, no additional segment information has been presented.
   Additional information about major customers and geographical areas of the Group has been disclosed in note 4.
228 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




47. SUBSIDIARIES
      The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries at 31 December 2019 which principally affected the
      results, assets or liabilities of the Group.

                                                                                  Proportion of
                                                          Place of             ownership interest          Issued and
                                      Type of             incorporation/        and voting rights          paid up
        Name of company               legal entity        establishment       held by the Company          capital            Principal activities
                                                                           31 December 31 December
                                                                                   2019           2018
                                                                                Directly        Directly
                                                                                      %              %


        Guangdong Communications      Limited Liability   The PRC                    100            100    RMB2,688 million   Provision of integrated
          Services Company Limited       Company                                                                                 telecommunications
                                                                                                                                 support services
                                                                                                                                 through its subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                 in Guangdong Province

        Zhejiang Communications       Limited Liability   The PRC                    100            100    RMB998 million     Provision of integrated
          Services Holdings Group        Company                                                                                 telecommunications
          Company Limited                                                                                                        support services
                                                                                                                                 through its subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                 in Zhejiang Province

        Shanghai Communications       Limited Liability   The PRC                    100            100    RMB876 million     Provision of integrated
          Services Company Limited       Company                                                                                 telecommunications
                                                                                                                                 support services
                                                                                                                                 through its subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                 in Shanghai
                                                                                                                                 Municipality

        Fujian Communications         Limited Liability   The PRC                    100            100    RMB281 million     Provision of integrated
           Services Company Limited      Company                                                                                 telecommunications
                                                                                                                                 support services
                                                                                                                                 through its subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                 in Fujian Province

        Hubei Communications          Limited Liability   The PRC                    100            100    RMB297 million     Provision of integrated
          Services Company Limited       Company                                                                                 telecommunications
                                                                                                                                 support services
                                                                                                                                 through its subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                 in Hubei Province

        Jiangsu Communications        Limited Liability   The PRC                    100            100    RMB578 million     Provision of integrated
           Services Company Limited      Company                                                                                 telecommunications
                                                                                                                                 support services
                                                                                                                                 through its subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                 in Jiangsu Province

        Anhui Communications          Limited Liability   The PRC                    100            100    RMB420 million     Provision of integrated
          Services Company Limited       Company                                                                                 telecommunications
                                                                                                                                 support services
                                                                                                                                 through its subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                 in Anhui Province

        Jiangxi Communications        Limited Liability   The PRC                    100            100    RMB200 million     Provision of integrated
           Services Company Limited      Company                                                                                 telecommunications
                                                                                                                                 support services
                                                                                                                                 through its subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                 in Jiangxi Province

        Hunan Communications          Limited Liability   The PRC                    100            100    RMB886 million     Provision of integrated
          Services Company Limited       Company                                                                                 telecommunications
                                                                                                                                 support services
                                                                                                                                 through its subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                 in Hunan Province
                                                                        China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   229


                                                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019




47. SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

                                                                                Proportion of
                                                       Place of              ownership interest           Issued and
                                   Type of             incorporation/         and voting rights           paid up
     Name of company               legal entity        establishment        held by the Company           capital             Principal activities
                                                                         31 December 31 December
                                                                                 2019           2018
                                                                              Directly        Directly
                                                                                    %              %


     Guangxi Communications        Limited Liability   The PRC                     100            100     RMB192 million      Provision of integrated
       Services Company Limited       Company                                                                                    telecommunications
                                                                                                                                 support services
                                                                                                                                 through its subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                 in Guangxi Zhuang
                                                                                                                                 Autonomous Region

     Chongqing Communications      Limited Liability   The PRC                     100            100     RMB209 million      Provision of integrated
       Services Company Limited       Company                                                                                    telecommunications
                                                                                                                                 support services
                                                                                                                                 through its subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                 in Chongqing
                                                                                                                                 Municipality

     Sichuan Communications        Limited Liability   The PRC                     100            100     RMB798 million      Provision of integrated
        Services Company Limited      Company                                                                                    telecommunications
                                                                                                                                 support services
                                                                                                                                 through its subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                 in Sichuan Province

     Guizhou Communications        Limited Liability   The PRC                     100            100     RMB131 million      Provision of integrated
       Services Company Limited       Company                                                                                    telecommunications
                                                                                                                                 support services
                                                                                                                                 through its subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                 in Guizhou Province

     Yunnan Communications         Limited Liability   The PRC                     100            100     RMB238 million      Provision of integrated
       Services Company Limited       Company                                                                                    telecommunications
                                                                                                                                 support services
                                                                                                                                 through its subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                 in Yunnan Province

     Shaanxi Communications        Limited Liability   The PRC                     100            100     RMB145 million      Provision of integrated
       Services Company Limited       Company                                                                                    telecommunications
                                                                                                                                 support services
                                                                                                                                 through its subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                 in Shaanxi Province

     Gansu Communications          Limited Liability   The PRC                     100            100     RMB129 million      Provision of integrated
       Services Company Limited       Company                                                                                    telecommunications
                                                                                                                                 support services
                                                                                                                                 through its subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                 in Gansu Province

     Qinghai Communications        Limited Liability   The PRC                     100            100     RMB68 million       Provision of integrated
       Services Company Limited       Company                                                                                    telecommunications
                                                                                                                                 support services
                                                                                                                                 through its subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                 in Qinghai Province

     Xinjiang Communications       Limited Liability   The PRC                     100            100     RMB195 million      Provision of integrated
        Services Company Limited      Company                                                                                    telecommunications
                                                                                                                                 support services
                                                                                                                                 through its subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                 in Xinjiang Uygur
                                                                                                                                 Autonomous Region
230 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




47. SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

                                                                                    Proportion of
                                                            Place of             ownership interest          Issued and
                                        Type of             incorporation/        and voting rights          paid up
        Name of company                 legal entity        establishment       held by the Company          capital             Principal activities
                                                                             31 December 31 December
                                                                                     2019           2018
                                                                                  Directly        Directly
                                                                                        %              %


        China International             Limited Liability   The PRC                    100            100    RMB550 million      Provision of integrated
          Telecommunication                Company                                                                                  telecommunications
          Construction Corporation                                                                                                  support services
                                                                                                                                    through its subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                    in Northern China
                                                                                                                                    Provinces

        China Communications            Limited Liability   Hong Kong                  100            100    HKD846.87 million Provision of integrated
          Services International           Company                                                                                telecommunications
          Limited                                                                                                                 support services
                                                                                                                                  through its subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                  in Hong Kong

        Zhongshutong Information        Limited Liability   The PRC                  60.38          60.38    RMB120 million      Provision of integrated
          Co., Ltd.                        Company                                                                                  telecommunications
                                                                                                                                    support services

        China Comservice Software       Limited Liability   The PRC                     60             60    USD25 million       Provision of integrated
          Tech. Co., Ltd                   Company                                                                                  telecommunications
                                                                                                                                    support services

        Ningxia Hui Autonomous         Limited Liability    The PRC                    100            100    RMB106 million      Provision of integrated
           Region Communications          Company                                                                                   telecommunications
           Industrial Services Company                                                                                              support services
           Limited                                                                                                                  through its subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                    in Ningxia Hui
                                                                                                                                    Autonomous Region

        Shandong Communications         Limited Liability   The PRC                    100            100    RMB100 million      Provision of integrated
          Services Company Limited         Company                                                                                  telecommunications
                                                                                                                                    support services in
                                                                                                                                    Shandong Province

        Sino-British Submarine          Limited Liability   The PRC                     51             51    RMB327 million      Provision of submarine
           System Co., Ltd.                Company                                                                                  cable installation and
                                                                                                                                    other related services

        Hainan Communications           Limited Liability   The PRC                    100            100    RMB141 million      Provision of integrated
          Services Company Limited         Company                                                                                  telecommunications
                                                                                                                                    support services
                                                                                                                                    through its subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                    in Hainan Province

        China Comservice Supply         Limited Liability   The PRC                    100            100    RMB929 million      Provision of integrated
          Chain Management                 Company                                                                                  telecommunications
          Company Ltd.                                                                                                              support services

        Inner Mongolia Autonomous       Limited Liability   The PRC                    100            100    RMB5 million        Provision of integrated
           Region Communications           Company                                                                                  telecommunications
           Services Company Limited                                                                                                 support services in
                                                                                                                                    Inner Mongolia
                                                                                                                                    Autonomous Region

        Comservice Capital Holding      Limited Liability   The PRC                    100            100    RMB500 million      Management of Group
          Company Limited                  Company                                                                                 capital



      Sino-British Submarine System Co., Ltd., China Comservice Software Tech. Co., Ltd., and Zhongshutong Information
      Co., Ltd. are non-wholly owned subsidiaries of the Group. The Group’s cumulative non-controlling interest is RMB474
      million as at 31 December 2019 (2018: RMB498 million). The non-controlling interests are individually and in aggregate
      not material to the Group’s financial condition or results of operation for both years.
                                                             China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   231


                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2019




48. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                                31 December             31 December
                                                                                                       2019                    2018
                                                                                                    RMB’000                 RMB’000


    Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment, net                                                                15,548                 17,230
     Construction in progress                                                                          11,591                 36,028
     Other intangible assets                                                                          169,826                 96,909
     Investments in subsidiaries                                                                   13,772,534             13,572,534
     Interests in associates and joint ventures                                                        23,605                 28,284
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                            753,838                      –
     Other non-current assets                                                                               –                750,000


    Total non-current assets                                                                       14,746,942             14,500,985


    Current assets
      Inventories                                                                                          326                    329
      Prepayments and other current assets                                                           1,796,998              2,304,791
      Restricted deposits                                                                              500,000                      –
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                      1,251,013                228,791


    Total current assets                                                                             3,548,337              2,533,911


    Total assets                                                                                   18,295,279             17,034,896


    Current liabilities
      Accounts and bills payable                                                                            50                      –
      Accrued expenses and other payables                                                            1,188,969                 83,320
      Income tax payable                                                                                 4,386                  3,572


    Total current liabilities                                                                        1,193,405                 86,892


    Net current assets                                                                               2,354,932              2,447,019


    Total assets less current liabilities                                                          17,101,874             16,948,004


    Total liabilities                                                                                1,193,405                 86,892


    Equity
      Share capital                                                                                 6,926,018              6,926,018
      Reserves                                                                                     10,175,856             10,021,986


    Total equity                                                                                   17,101,874             16,948,004


    Total liabilities and equity                                                                   18,295,279             17,034,896
232 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




48. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY (continued)

      The movements of equity of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                           Statutory
                                                  Share           Share          Capital     surplus    Retained
                                                 capital       premium           reserve     reserve    earnings         Total
                                               RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000
                                               (note 40)


         At 1 January 2018                    6,926,018       4,529,310        1,966,293   1,051,256   1,767,844     16,240,721
         Profit for the year                          –               –                –           –   1,684,544      1,684,544
         Distribution of dividend
           (see note 14(b))                             –                  –          –           –     (977,261)      (977,261)
         Appropriation                                  –                  –          –     168,454     (168,454)             –


         At 31 December 2018                  6,926,018       4,529,310        1,966,293   1,219,710   2,306,673     16,948,004


         Profit for the year                            –                  –          –            –   1,198,314      1,198,314
         Distribution of dividend
           (see note 14(b))                             –                  –           –          –    (1,044,444)   (1,044,444)
         Appropriation                                  –                  –           –    119,831      (119,831)            –


         At 31 December 2019                  6,926,018       4,529,310        1,966,293   1,339,541   2,340,712     17,101,874


      According to the Company’s Articles of Association, the amount of retained earnings available for distribution to equity
      shareholders of the Company is the lower of the amount determined in accordance with the PRC Accounting Rules and
      Regulations and the amount determined in accordance with IFRSs after the appropriation to statutory surplus reserve as
      detailed in notes to the consolidated statement of changes in equity.
                                                                       China Communications Services Corporation Limited    Annual Report 2019    233


                                                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019




49. POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS TO STANDARDS, NEW STANDARDS
    AND INTERPRETATION ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE ANNUAL
    ACCOUNTING YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019
   Up to the date of issue of these consolidated financial statements, the IASB has issued the following amendments to
   standards and new standards which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2019 and which have not
   been adopted in these consolidated financial statements.

   IFRS 17                                                       Insurance Contracts1
   Amendments to IFRS 3                                          Definition of a Business2
   Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                              Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                                                                    its Associate or Joint Venture3
   Amendments to IAS 1                                           Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current5
   Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8                                 Definition of Material4
   Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7                       Interest Rate Benchmark Reform4

   1
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021
   2
        Effective for business combinations and asset acquisitions for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first annual period
        beginning on or after 1 January 2020
   3
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined
   4
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020
   5
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022


   In addition to the above new and amendments to standards, a revised Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting
   was issued in 2018. Its consequential amendments, the Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in
   IFRS Standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020.

   The Group is in the process of making an assessment of the impact that will result from adopting the amendments to
   standards and new standards issued by the IASB which are not yet effective for the accounting period ended on 31
   December 2019. So far the Group believes that the adoption of these amendments to standards and new standards is
   unlikely to have a significant impact on its financial position and the results of operations.
234 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019




50. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-
      cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will
      be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

                                              As at                    As at                                  Foreign                    As at
                                       31 December                1 January                  Financing      exchange        Lease 31 December
                                              2018 Adjustments         2019      Accruals   cash flows     translation    modified       2019
                                          RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                       (note 3)


         Borrowings (note 34)              470,925           –     470,925             –        32,342         7,967             –      511,234
         Dividends payable                  52,132           –      52,132     1,048,599    (1,062,172)        6,637             –       45,196
         Lease liabilities (note 36)             –     950,908     950,908       554,267      (350,303)            –      (121,419)   1,033,453
         Others                                  –           –           –         5,000         (5,000)           –             –            –


                                           523,057     950,908    1,473,965    1,607,866    (1,385,133)       14,604      (121,419)   1,589,883


                                                                                    As at                                    Foreign       As at
                                                                                1 January                    Financing     exchange 31 December
                                                                                    2018       Accruals     cash flows    translation      2018
                                                                                RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000


         Borrowings (note 34)                                                    326,518             –        132,963       11,444      470,925
         Dividends payable                                                        58,813       990,850     (1,013,058)      15,527       52,132
         Others                                                                        –         5,615          (5,615)          –            –


                                                                                 385,331       996,465       (885,710)      26,971      523,057




51. EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      As most of the Group’s operations are located in China, the outbreak of the 2019 Novel Coronavirus (“COVID-19”) in
      China and the subsequent quarantine measures imposed by the Chinese government, the Group complied with
      government policy guidelines and stopped certain of its operation activities, which have had an impact on the Group’s
      business to a certain extent. With the adjustment of government quarantine measures, the Group had resumed
      operation activities successively since March 2020.

      The Group will keep continuous attention on the developments of and changes in this situation, timely assess and
      actively respond to its impacts on the financial position, operating results and other aspects of the Group.



52. IMMEDIATE AND ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY
      At 31 December 2019, the directors of the Company consider the immediate and ultimate holding company of the
      Group to be CTC, a state-owned enterprise established in the PRC. CTC does not produce financial statements available
      for public use.
                                                           China Communications Services Corporation Limited   Annual Report 2019   235



                                                                       FINANCIAL SUMMARY
                                                                                (Amounts in thousands, except per share data)




                                                                For the year ended 31 December
                                                  2019             2018          2017          2016                             2015
                                                  RMB               RMB           RMB          RMB                              RMB


Results

Revenue from telecommunications
  infrastructure services                   64,688,815       57,359,436         50,510,988          45,886,950          39,209,267
Revenue from business process
  outsourcing services                      36,637,180       35,102,822         32,763,685          32,533,602          33,014,030
Revenue from applications, content and
  other services                            16,087,094       13,714,379         11,297,738          10,028,804            8,736,649


Total Revenues                             117,413,089     106,176,637          94,572,411          88,449,356          80,959,946

Depreciation and amortisation                  (756,976)        (466,096)          (472,621)           (455,215)           (447,031)
Direct personnel costs                       (9,111,016)      (8,747,317)        (8,647,493)         (8,316,693)         (8,731,020)
Materials costs                             (12,838,003)      (9,783,239)        (9,327,654)         (8,281,024)         (7,799,871)
Direct costs of products distribution        (4,167,579)      (4,629,177)        (6,594,772)         (9,764,598)       (12,652,927)
Subcontracting charges                      (64,462,508)    (57,555,216)       (46,858,020)        (41,016,647)        (31,811,771)
Lease charges and others                    (12,390,048)    (12,110,626)       (10,459,491)         (8,925,014)         (8,129,685)


Cost of revenues                           (103,726,130)    (93,291,671)       (82,360,051)        (76,759,191)        (69,572,305)


Gross profit                                13,686,959       12,884,966         12,212,360          11,690,165          11,387,641

Other operating income                        1,554,755       1,244,889           1,014,492             943,021             854,051
Selling, general and administrative
   expenses                                 (11,494,404)    (10,611,071)         (9,885,426)         (9,501,481)         (9,306,152)
Other operating expenses                       (333,299)       (173,722)           (126,278)            (95,232)           (109,170)
Finance costs                                   (68,888)        (25,179)            (47,119)            (46,667)            (51,392)
Share of profits of associates and joint
  ventures                                     148,478          105,421               63,782             66,095              49,985


Profit before tax                             3,493,601       3,425,304           3,231,811           3,055,901          2,824,963
Income tax                                     (463,802)       (497,405)           (482,733)           (502,706)          (487,446)


Profit for the year                          3,029,799        2,927,899           2,749,078          2,553,195           2,337,517


Attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company           3,049,229        2,901,324           2,714,213          2,536,249           2,334,412
Non-controlling interests                      (19,430)          26,575              34,865             16,946               3,105


Profit for the year                          3,029,799        2,927,899           2,749,078          2,553,195           2,337,517
Basic earnings per share (RMB)                   0.440            0.419               0.392              0.366               0.337
236 China Communications Services Corporation Limited Annual Report 2019



FINANCIAL SUMMARY
(Amounts in thousands, except per share data)




                                                                                   At 31 December
                                                           2019            2018             2017         2016         2015
                                                           RMB             RMB              RMB          RMB          RMB


  Financial position

  Property, plant and equipment, net                 4,369,251         4,384,700       4,190,375     4,215,616    4,331,796
  Right-of-use assets                                1,895,996                 –               –             –            –
  Equity instruments at fair value through
     other comprehensive income                     4,088,204          3,737,553               –             –            –
  Other non-current assets                          3,935,232          4,289,914       4,199,679     3,837,012    4,212,497
  Inventories                                       1,974,150          2,253,027       2,275,735     2,221,334    2,883,989
  Accounts and bills receivable, net               19,092,825         18,668,024      30,370,500    29,362,985   27,520,829
  Contract assets, net                             17,153,529         15,664,758               –             –            –
  Prepayments and other current assets              8,771,768          8,646,123      11,815,129     6,740,547    6,873,074
  Financial assets at fair value through
     profit or loss                                 4,567,824          5,046,898       1,262,514             –            –
  Cash and cash equivalents                        19,220,764         16,106,246      13,266,631    13,324,079    9,535,851
  Restricted deposits                               2,471,515          2,128,757       3,354,288     2,892,408    2,555,290


  Total assets                                     87,541,058         80,926,000      70,734,851    62,593,981   57,913,326


  Interest-bearing borrowings                         511,234            462,003         308,876        46,697      177,005
  Accounts and bills payable                       30,674,619         28,279,533      24,600,681    20,399,409   19,699,385
  Current portion of lease liabilities                343,281                  –               –             –            –
  Contract liabilities                             10,087,102          8,648,060               –             –            –
  Receipts in advance for contract work                     –                  –       4,997,284     4,046,097    2,911,542
  Accrued expenses and other payables               8,730,235          9,017,427      11,320,729     9,730,662    8,691,602
  Income tax payable                                  337,372            323,514         339,393       351,647      309,261
  Non-current liabilities                           1,819,443          1,366,602         348,237       971,687      914,922


  Total liabilities                                52,503,286         48,097,139      41,915,200    35,546,199   32,703,717


  Equity attributable to equity shareholders
    of the Company                                 34,563,910         32,331,323      28,329,098    26,573,429   24,760,813
  Non-controlling interests                           473,862            497,538         490,553       474,353      448,796


  Total equity                                     35,037,772         32,828,861      28,819,651    27,047,782   25,209,609


  Total liabilities and equity                     87,541,058         80,926,000      70,734,851    62,593,981   57,913,326
                                                                                             China Communications Services Corporation Limited




                      China Communications Services Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                                                                                   Stock code: 552




                                                                                    New Positioning


                      ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                                   New Generation
           C007445
                                                                          Integrated Smart Service Provider
www.chinaccs.com.hk
