China Communications Services
Corporation Limited
Stock code




                                MOVE FORWARD WITH
                                        INNOVATION
                                 SUSTAIN LONGEVITY WITH
                                             QUALITY




                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CONTENTS



           10    Milestones
           13    Financial Highlights
           14    Company Profile and Corporate Information
           16    Chairman’s Statement
           25    Business Overview
           44    Management Discussion and Analysis of
                 Financial Conditions and Results of Operations
           54    Profiles of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
                 Management
           61    Report of the Directors
           85    Report of the Supervisory Committee
           86    Corporate Governance Report
           104   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
           168   Investor Relations
           181   Independent Auditor’s Report
           187   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
           188   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                 Other Comprehensive Income
           189   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
           191   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
           192   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
           194   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
           267   Financial Summary




                                  The cover design centers on the Company
                                  logo, with three-dimensional cubes highlighting
                                  the new fields that the Company is pioneering.
                                  By strengthening technological innovation,
                                  accelerating business deployment and solidly
                                  advancing high-quality development, the Company
                                  ensures steady and sustainable development.
                                  High-quality



INNOVATION
                                  Development




             Focusing on the new industries, new models, and new
             momentum brought by the deepening of the new wave of
             technological revolution and industrial transformation, we
             will advance corporate transformation and steadily
             promote high-quality development
                                   Ecosystem



INTEGRATION
                                   Collaboration




              By demonstrating its integrated service capabilities through business
              collaboration and regional collaboration, as well as partnering with
              domestic and international partners in the ecosystem, we provide
              comprehensive, full-process solutions across all sectors that
              integrate cloud computing, artificial intelligence, security, and
              platform technologies
                                  Technological



INTELLIGENCE
                                  Innovation




               Focusing on cutting-edge technological breakthroughs, we are
               advancing innovations in 5G-A, blockchain, AI+, satellite
               communications, and the low-altitude economy to build a
               high-quality technology enterprise
                                  Building Better



EXCELLENCE
                                  Life Together




             By fulfilling our corporate mission of “Building Smart Society,
             Boosting Digital Economy, Serving a Good Life”, we adhere to green
             and low-carbon operations and promote sustainable development
10    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



MILESTONES


2006                                                         2012
AUGUST                                                       FEBRUARY
The Company was established, with primary service areas      The Company completed the rights issue. Dealing in the H
including Shanghai, Zhejiang Province, Fujian Province,      rights shares commenced on The Stock Exchange of
Hubei Province, Guangdong Province and Hainan                Hong Kong Limited on 10 February 2012. The rights issue
Province.                                                    raised gross proceeds of approximately RMB2,991 million
                                                             (approximately HK$3,677 million).

DECEMBER
The Company was listed on the Main Board of The Stock        JUNE
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Gross proceeds from           The Company acquired the equity interests and assets in
the IPO was approximately HK$3.3 billion.                    relation to several telecommunications infrastructure
                                                             service companies in Ningxia and Xinjiang, etc. as well as
                                                             51% equity interests in Sino-British Submarine System
2007
                                                             Co., Ltd. for a total consideration of approximately
AUGUST                                                       RMB416 million.
The Company completed the acquisition of the businesses
of specialized telecommunications support services in 13
provinces (municipalities and autonomous regions) from
                                                             2014
China Telecommunications Corporation for a consideration     JULY
of RMB4,630 million.                                         China Communications Facilities Services Corporation
                                                             Limited (now renamed as China Tower Corporation
                                                             Limited) indicated to the Company the relevant
2008
                                                             arrangements of preferential treatment and
APRIL                                                        non-competition.
The Company completed the placement of 327 million
new H Shares with net proceeds of approximately
HK$1,668 million.
                                                             2015
                                                             JULY
                                                             The Company established a wholly-owned subsidiary,
MAY
                                                             China Comservice Supply Chain Management Company
The Company completed the acquisition of the 100%
                                                             Ltd.
equity interests in China International Telecommunications
Construction Corporation for a consideration of RMB505
million.                                                     2017
                                                             MAY
2009                                                         The Company established a wholly-owned subsidiary,
                                                             Comservice Capital Holding Company Limited.
MARCH
China Telecommunications Corporation completed the
transfer of 506,880,000 and 236,300,000 domestic             2018
shares of the Company to China Mobile Communications
                                                             MAY
Corporation and China United Network Communications
                                                             The Company released the Smart Society Product
Group Company Limited, respectively.
                                                             Portfolio at China International Big Data Industry Expo and
                                                             established “Smart Service Industrial Ecosystem Alliance”
                                                             with business partners.
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024      11

                                                                                                                             MILESTONES




2019                                                                    AUGUST
                                                                        The Company ranked 4th in the “100 Most Competitive
MAY                                                                     Software & IT Service Enterprises 2021” coordinated by
The Company released the new position of “New
                                                                        China Federation of Electronics and Information Industry
Generation Integrated Smart Service Provider” during the
                                                                        for the first time.
China International Big Data Industry Expo.

                                                                        NOVEMBER
DECEMBER                                                                The share transfer procedures among China
The Company’s domestic non-telecom operator
                                                                        Telecommunications Corporation, the controlling
customers became the largest customer group1 for the
                                                                        shareholder of the Company, and State Grid Information &
first time.
                                                                        Telecommunication Group Co., Ltd. was completed. State
                                                                        Grid Information & Telecommunication Group Co., Ltd.
2020                                                                    officially became the strategic shareholder of the
                                                                        Company.
JANUARY TO FEBRUARY
The Company hastened to the frontline of combating the
COVID-19 by completing the communications                               DECEMBER
construction and support for Huoshenshan Hospital and                   The Share Appreciation Rights Incentive Scheme was
Leishenshan Hospital in Wuhan, etc.                                     approved by government regulatory authorities and the
                                                                        general meeting. There are approximately 207.27 million
                                                                        shares of Share Appreciation Rights under the Initial
DECEMBER
                                                                        Grant.
The Company was awarded the title of “Advanced Group
in Fighting against COVID-19 in the Industry and
Information Technology System” by the Ministry of                       2022
Industry and Information Technology.
                                                                        JUNE
                                                                        The Company held its Annual General Meeting to approve
2021                                                                    the election of the sixth session of the Board of Directors
                                                                        and the Supervisory Committee.
JUNE
China Telecommunications Corporation, the controlling
shareholder of the Company, proposed a share transfer of                AUGUST
166,000,000 domestic shares of the Company                              The Company established a wholly-owned subsidiary,
(representing 2.40% of the total issued share capital of the            China Comservice Smart Property Development Co., Ltd.
Company) to State Grid Information & Telecommunication
Group Co., Ltd.

The wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, China
Comservice Supply Chain Management Company Ltd.
introduced four strategic investors including COSCO
SHIPPING (Tianjin) Company Limited, Zhilian Shenzhen
International Smart Logistics (Shenzhen) Co.,Ltd., Guoxin
Shuangbai No. 1 (Hangzhou) Equity Investment
Partnership (Limited Partnership) and Gongqingcheng
Orient Securities Sucheng Investment Partnership (Limited
Partnership), injecting a total of RMB900 million into it.




1
.     Customers here are classified into four categories, including the domestic non-telecom operator customers, China Telecom, other domestic
      telecom operator customers and overseas customers.
12    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



MILESTONES




2023
JUNE
China Comservice Supply Chain Management Company
Ltd., a subsidiary controlled by the Group, completed its
shareholding reform and changed its name to China
Comservice Supply Chain Co., Ltd.


DECEMBER
The Group acquired 49% equity interest held by the
external shareholder (Global Marine Systems Limited) of
Sino-British Submarine System Co., Ltd., which has now
become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group.


2024
JANUARY
Mr. Liu Guiqing resigned from his position as the Chairman
and an Executive Director of the Company. At the same
time, Mr. Luan Xiaowei was appointed as the Executive
Director and Chairman of the Company.


JUNE
The Company has been awarded the “Most Honored
Company” in the “2024 Asia Pacific (Ex-Japan) Executive
Team” rankings by Institutional Investor for the third
consecutive year.


OCTOBER
The Company ranked fourth in the “100 Most Competitive
Software & IT Service Enterprises” hosted by the China
Federation of Electronics and Information Industry for four
consecutive years.

Mr. Yan Dong resigned from his position as the President
and an Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Cui
Zhanwei was appointed as the President of the Company
and approved by the general meeting to serve as an
Executive Director of the Company on 10 December
2024.
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024     13


                                                                                              FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


                                                                                                         2024                  2023         Change

Revenues (RMB million)                                                                              150,000              148,615                0.9%

Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company (RMB million)                                  3,607                 3,584            0.6%

Free cash flow1 (RMB million)                                                                            5,214                 4,333            20.4%

Basic earnings per share (RMB)                                                                           0.521                 0.518            0.6%

Dividend per share (RMB)                                                                             0.2187               0.2174                0.6%




                  Revenues                                                                         Free Cash Flow
                   (RMB million)                                                                           (RMB million)
                             148,615 150,000                                                                                     5,214
                   140,748
         133,992
                                                                                                            4,353     4,333
                                                                                                 4,060




          2021       2022      2023      2024                                                     2021      2022      2023        2024




                                                                                      Profit Attributable to Equity
    Basic Earnings per Share                                                         Shareholders of the Company
                       (RMB)                                                                               (RMB million)
                               0.518     0.521                                                                        3,584      3,607
                    0.485                                                                                   3,360
          0.456                                                                                  3,157




          2021       2022      2023      2024                                                     2021      2022      2023        2024




1
     Free cash flow = Profit for the year + Depreciation and amortisation – Changes in working capital – Capital expenditure
14    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



COMPANY PROFILE AND CORPORATE INFORMATION


China Communications Services Corporation Limited (the “Company”) is a leading service provider in the informatization
sector in the PRC that positions itself as a “New Generation Integrated Smart Service Provider”, leverages its strength as
“Builder of Digital Infrastructure”, “Provider of Smart Products and Platforms”, “Provider of Industrial Digitalization
Services”, “Guard of Smart Operation” (“1 Positioning, 4 Roles”) and commits to “Building Smart Society, Boosting
Digital Economy, Serving a Good Life”. The Group provides integrated comprehensive smart solutions for the
informatization and digitalization sectors, which covers the value chain of the customers, including telecommunications
infrastructure services (such as design, construction and supervision), business process outsourcing services (such as
management of infrastructure for information technology, general facilities management, supply chain and products
distribution services), as well as applications, content and other services (such as system integration services, software
development and system support services, value-added services). Our domestic share shareholders include China
Telecommunications Corporation, China Mobile Communications Group Co., Ltd., China United Network
Communications Group Company Limited, State Grid Information & Telecommunication Group Co., Ltd. and China
National Postal and Telecommunications Appliances Co., Ltd. Meanwhile, the aforesaid three telecommunications
operators, China Radio and Television Network Group Co., Ltd. and China Tower Corporation Limited are our
customers. Domestic non-telecom operator including the customers in government, transportation, electricity, Internet &
IT, education and other sectors, is currently the largest customer group of the Company. At the same time, the
Company provides services to overseas customers. Our service coverage is spread across the nation and we have also
extended our business to dozens of countries and regions globally.

On 8 December 2006, the H shares issued by the Company were successfully listed on the Main Board of The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. As at 31 December 2024, the total issued share capital of the Company was
6,926,018,400, of which 2,391,420,240 were H shares.

The Company has received many awards in the capital market over the past decade since its listing. In 2024, the
Company received various awards, including: in Institutional Investor ’s “2024 Asia Pacific (Ex-Japan) Executive Team”
ranking, the Company was named as “Most Honored Company” and also won the accolades of “Best CEO”, “Best
CFO” and “Best ESG”. In “14th Asian Excellence Award” held by Corporate Governance Asia , a well-known journal on
corporate governance, the Company was awarded “Asia’s Best CEO”, “Asia’s Best CFO”, “Best Investor Relations
Company” and “Sustainable Asia Award”. In the “14th China Securities Golden Bauhinia Awards” organized by Hong
Kong Ta Kung Wen Wei Media Group, the Company received the “Excellence in High-Quality Development of Listed
Company” award. In addition, the Company ranked 1,429th in the “2024 Forbes Global 2000” by
Forbes , up 70 places from the previous year.

The Company’s industry influence has improved notably in recent years, and it has received over 30 important science
and technology awards at national-level, provincial and ministerial-level, as well as industry association-level. The
Company has ranked 4th in “100 Most Competitive Software & IT Service Enterprises” by China Federation of
Electronics and Information Industry for four consecutive years.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   15

                                                        COMPANY PROFILE AND CORPORATE INFORMATION




BOARD OF DIRECTORS                 Non-Competition                       LEGAL ADVISORS
                                    Undertaking Review
Executive Directors                 Committee                            Freshfields
                                                                         King & Wood Mallesons
Mr. Luan Xiaowei                   Mr. Lv Tingjie
Mr. Cui Zhanwei                     (Committee Chairman)
Mr. Shen Aqiang                    Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Francis            H SHARE REGISTRAR
                                   Mr. Wang Chunge                       Computershare Hong Kong Investor
Non-executive Directors                                                    Services Limited
Mr. Tang Yongbo
                                   Right of First Refusal and            Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor
Mr. Liu Aihua
                                    Priority Right Committee             Hopewell Centre
                                                                         183 Queen’s Road East
                                   Mr. Wang Chunge
                                                                         Wanchai
Independent                         (Committee Chairman)
                                                                         Hong Kong
  Non-executive Directors          Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Francis
                                   Mr. Wang Qi
Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Francis                                               LISTING PLACE
Mr. Lv Tingjie
Mr. Wang Qi                        SUPERVISORY                           The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Mr. Wang Chunge                     COMMITTEE                              Limited

                                   Ms. Huang Xudan
BOARD COMMITTEES                     (Committee Chairperson)             STOCK CODE
                                   Ms. Cai Manli
                                                                         00552
Strategy Committee                   (Independent Supervisor)
                                   Ms. Liu Lian
Mr. Luan Xiaowei
 (Committee Chairman)
                                     (Employee Representative            BUSINESS ADDRESS
                                   Supervisor)
Mr. Cui Zhanwei                                                          Block No.1, Compound No.1,
Mr. Tang Yongbo                                                          Fenghuangzui Street
Mr. Liu Aihua                      REGISTERED NAME                       Fengtai District
Mr. Lv Tingjie                      (IN CHINESE)                         Beijing, PRC 100073
Mr. Wang Qi
                                   中 國通信服務股份有限公司

Audit Committee
                                                                         CONTACT
                                   REGISTERED NAME                        INFORMATION
Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Francis          (IN ENGLISH)
 (Committee Chairman)                                                    Investor Relations
Mr. Lv Tingjie                     China Communications Services           Department
Mr. Wang Chunge                     Corporation Limited
                                                                         Telephone: (852) 3699 0000
                                                                         Address:   Room 2801 & 09-10
Remuneration                       LEGAL                                            28/F, Great Eagle Centre
 Committee                          REPRESENTATIVE                                  23 Harbour Road
Mr. Wang Qi (Committee Chairman)   Mr. Cui Zhanwei                                  Wanchai
Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Francis                                                          Hong Kong
Mr. Lv Tingjie
                                                                         Email:     ir@chinaccs.com.hk
                                   COMPANY SECRETARY
Nomination Committee               Mr. Chung Wai Cheung, Terence         Office of Board of
Mr. Luan Xiaowei                                                          Directors
 (Committee Chairman)              INTERNATIONAL                         Telephone: (8610) 5850 2290
Mr. Lv Tingjie                       AUDITOR
Mr. Wang Qi
                                   KPMG                                  WEBSITE
                                    (Public Interest Entity Auditor
                                    Registered in accordance with the    www.chinaccs.com.hk
                                    Accounting and Financial Reporting
                                    Council Ordinance)
16   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




                                                         In 2024, the Group, positioning
                                                         itself as a “New Generation
                                                         Integrated Smart Service
                                                         Provider”, persisted in
                                                         upholding technological
                                                         innovation as its guiding
                                                         principle, continued to cultivate
                                                         strategic emerging businesses,
                                                         accelerated the formation of
                                                         new quality productive forces,
                                                         thereby achieving “Effective
                                                         Improvement in Quality” as
                                                         well as “Reasonable Growth in
                                                         Quantity”, and firmly driving
                                                         high-quality development.




                                                         Luan Xiaowei
                                                         Executive Director and Chairman
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   17

                                                                                                                    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




Dear Shareholders,

In 2024, the global and domestic landscapes became increasingly complex and multifaceted, and the new wave of
technological revolution and industrial transformation continued to deepen, with frontier technologies such as new-
generation information technology and artificial intelligence constantly giving rise to new industries, new models and new
momentum. Faced with operational challenges brought by the slowing revenue growth in the domestic
telecommunications industry and increasingly fierce competition in the industrial digitalization market, the Group,
positioning itself as a “New Generation Integrated Smart Service Provider” and fully leveraging its roles as the “Builder of
Digital Infrastructure”, “Provider of Smart Products and Platforms”, “Provider of Industrial Digitalization Services”, and “Guard
of Smart Operation” (collectively referred to as the “Four Roles”), persisted in upholding technological innovation as its
guiding principle, accelerated the expansion of strategic emerging businesses, developed new quality productive forces
tailored to local conditions, thereby achieving “Effective Improvement in Quality” as well as “Reasonable Growth in
Quantity”, and firmly driving sustainable and high-quality development.


I.    Steady Yet Improving Operating Results with Resilience in Quality
      Enhancement and Efficiency Improvement
      Adhering to its overall roadmap of “value-driven, seeking steady yet progressive growth and high-quality
      development” and practicing the principle of “revenue with reasonable profits and profits with matching cash flow”,
      the Group achieved steady yet improving operating results, with efficiency indicators trending positively. During the
      year, the Group achieved total revenues of RMB150,000 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.9%.
      Among this, service revenue1 amounted to RMB146,212 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.9%.
      Gross profit reached RMB17,596 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.0%. The gross profit margin
      was 11.7%, up by 0.1 percentage point year-on-year, marking a steady improvement for three consecutive years.
      Net profit2 was RMB3,607 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.6%. The net profit margin remained
      largely stable at 2.4%. Free cash flow amounted to RMB5,214 million, showing favorable growth. Return on equity
      (ROE) was 8.2%. Basic earnings per share were RMB0.521, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.6%. In light
      of the Group’s stable operating performance and sound cash flow for the year, the Board has proposed a final
      dividend of RMB0.2187 per share for the financial year ended 31 December 2024, representing a dividend payout
      ratio of 42%.


      1.     Focusing on Value Creation, the Three Major Business Segments Remained
             Stable with Enhanced Quality
             During the year, revenue from the Group’s telecommunications infrastructure (“TIS”) services amounted to
             RMB75,172 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.3% and accounting for 50.1% of total
             revenues. The decline was mainly due to certain customers’ cautious investment and the Group’s proactive
             control of low-value projects. While supporting domestic customers in the construction for computing power
             infrastructure, the Group leveraged its industry-leading TIS capabilities to actively expand into overseas
             market, achieving a year-on-year increase of 17.5% in relevant revenue from overseas customers. Revenue
             from business process outsourcing (“BPO”) services amounted to RMB43,459 million, representing a year-
             on-year decrease of 0.2% and accounting for 29.0% of total revenues. Among this, revenue from low-
             margin products distribution business continued to be effectively controlled, decreasing by 18.9% year-on-
             year, further optimizing the revenue structure of this segment. Persisting in upholding technological
             innovation as its guiding principle, the Group continuously strengthened its software development capabilities
             and digital service standards. Revenue from applications, content, and other (“ACO”) services maintained a
             favorable growth momentum, reaching RMB31,369 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.4%. Its
             proportion of total revenues exceeded 20%, reaching 20.9%, and revenue from ACO services remained as
             the primary driver of revenue growth for three consecutive years.
1
      Service revenue = total revenues – revenue from products distribution – revenue from IT equipment supplies in system integration
2
      Net profit refers to profit attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company.
18    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




     2.     Adapting to Changing Demands, the Three Major Customer Markets Were
            Deeply and Meticulously Developed
            (A)     Leveraging differentiated advantages, the domestic telecommunications operator market
                    remained stable while achieving growth. Adhering to its “CAPEX + OPEX + Smart Applications”3
                    development strategy, the Group effectively addressed the challenges posed by the decline in CAPEX
                    investment from domestic telecommunications operators. Guided by customers’ needs, the Group
                    improved the delivery quality of traditional businesses through digital means and closely followed
                    operators’ new transformation demands such as construction of computing power infrastructure and
                    industrial digitalization. By fully leveraging its differentiated advantages in digital infrastructure, green
                    and low-carbon, consultation and design, software applications, operation and maintenance, as well
                    as deepening ecosystem cooperation, the Group achieved win-win collaboration. Despite the overall
                    decline in CAPEX investment in this market, revenue from this market reached RMB83,603 million
                    during the year, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.3%.

            (B)     Adhering to value-oriented approach, the quality in the domestic non-operator market was
                    enhanced. The Group focused on high-value industries and businesses with significant strategic
                    importance, high economic benefits, and close ties to people’s livelihoods. It accelerated the
                    development of industrial digitalization businesses and actively explored areas such as low-altitude
                    economy, artificial intelligence, and intelligent computing and supercomputing. Leveraging its
                    advantages of unique “Consultant + Staff + Housekeeper”4 service model and “Platform + Software +
                    Service”5 capabilities, the Group provided customers with integrated, full-process services that
                    incorporate cloud, artificial intelligence, security, and platform. The Group strictly controlled project
                    risks and expanded its business while ensuring project quality and mitigating operational risks,
                    maintaining stable gross profit margin in this customer market. Revenue from the domestic non-
                    telecom operator (“domestic non-operator”) market amounted to RMB62,169 million during the year,
                    representing a year-on-year decrease of 2.0%.

            (C)     Deploying in key regions, overseas market achieved rapid growth. Centering on key regions
                    along the “Belt and Road”, the Group actively responded to the demand for digital infrastructure
                    overseas by replicating its domestic capabilities in fundamental network and computing power
                    infrastructure construction. Meanwhile, the Group steadily expanded into new businesses such as
                    industrial digitalization and new energy, continuously optimized its overseas operating models,
                    strengthened comprehensive risk management, and enhanced collaborative cooperation with “Go
                    Abroad” Chinese enterprises. The Group successfully secured several high-quality and large-scale
                    projects, achieving safe, compliant, and efficient development. Revenue from the overseas market
                    grew rapidly during the year, reaching RMB4,228 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
                    22.3%.




3
     “CAPEX + OPEX + Smart Applications”: CAPEX refers to the capital expenditure of domestic telecommunications operators, while OPEX refers to
     the operating expenditure of domestic telecommunications operators.
4
     “Consultant + Staff + Housekeeper” service model is a unique business model adopted by the Group in recent years. “Consultant” means that the
     Group acts as the “Consultant” to help its customers through leveraging its talents and product advantages, so as to turn customers’ needs into
     feasible solutions or projects. “Staff” means that the Group, as appointed by its customers, assists them in the capacity of “Staff” in coordinating
     other stakeholders of the project, so as to promote the smooth implementation of the project and ensure that its customers’ original expectation
     could be achieved. “Housekeeper” means that the Group provides full life cycle management and accompanying service of the relevant businesses
     and creates values for customers.
5
     “Platform + Software + Service” capabilities: utilize core foundation platforms, including cybersecurity and Internet of Things, and focus on various
     smart applications for customer scenarios and the integrated service capabilities covering consultation and planning, project construction,
     operation and maintenance, to provide customers with customized integrated solutions.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   19

                                                                                          CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




II. Focusing on Key Industry Customers, Continuously Deepening Expansion
    of Strategic Emerging Businesses
   In 2024, the country vigorously developed new quality productive forces and promoted the deep integration of the
   real economy and the digital economy, with accelerated progress in digitalization, intelligentization, green
   development and security enhancement. The Group focused on key industry customers in government,
   emergency management, energy, transportation, education, and healthcare, and continued to deepen its
   development in strategic emerging businesses in digital infrastructure, green and low-carbon, smart city as well as
   emergency management and security. The total value of new contracts signed from strategic emerging businesses
   during the year increased by over 30% year-on-year, accounting for 37% of the total value of new contracts
   signed, representing an increase of approximately 7 percentage points from the previous year, creating a new
   growth engine for high-quality development.


   1.   The Field of Digital Infrastructure
        The Group actively implemented the national strategies of building China into a cyberpower and Digital
        China. Keeping pace with the computing power demand driven by the iteration of artificial intelligence large
        models, the Group accelerated the intelligent and green upgrading of digital information infrastructure.
        Leveraging innovative AI energy efficiency optimization technologies and the leading capabilities in green and
        low-carbon, consultation and design as well as solution, the Group accumulated rich project experience in
        data centers, cloud services, and 5G+ businesses. It undertook intelligent computing and supercomputing
        center projects in industries such as telecommunications, finance, Internet and manufacturing, contributing
        to the construction of a national integrated computing power network and empowering the high-quality
        development of the digital economy, thereby solidifying the digital foundation for Chinese modernization. The
        Group undertook approximately 20 large-scale projects with contract values of more than RMB100 million
        each, and the value of new contracts signed in this field grew by over 30% during the year.


   2.   The Field of Green and Low-Carbon
        With the advancement of the national “Dual Carbon” goals, the Group engaged in the coordinated
        development of computing power and green energy, supporting the comprehensive green transformation of
        economic and social development. Focusing on energy and electricity, industrial manufacturing,
        transportation, real estate and construction, as well as information and communications, the Group provided
        customers with upgraded services such as electricity infrastructure and ancillary facilities, new energy
        construction, energy usage services and carbon management. The Group tracked and developed cutting-
        edge, energy-saving and carbon-reduction technologies, leveraging its integrated capabilities in
        “Consultation-Driven + Digital Empowerment + Product Innovation + Engineering Construction + Operation
        and Maintenance” to create comprehensive and customized green and low-carbon solutions. The Group
        secured several EPC general contracting projects with contract values exceeding RMB100 million each. The
        value of new contracts signed in this field grew by over 25% during the year.
20    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




     3.     The Field of Smart City
            The Group focused on urban renewal and the digital transformation needs of all industries and continuously
            deepened its efforts in developing key industries and regions. Leveraging its advantages in consultation and
            design as the lead, software development support, and general contracting delivery, the Group explored
            innovative applications of new technologies such as artificial intelligence, the Internet of Things, and big data
            in related industries. Relying on its professional local teams at the provincial, municipal, and county levels,
            the Group continuously strengthened its products and solutions capabilities, securing several projects with
            contract values exceeding RMB100 million each in areas such as social governance, digital government,
            smart transportation, smart education, smart healthcare, and enterprise digital transformation,
            comprehensively empowering the digital transformation of the economy and society. The value of new
            contracts signed in this field grew by over 40% during the year.


     4.     The Field of Emergency Management and Security
            The Group strictly adhered to the bottom line of safe development and continuously enhanced public safety
            governance and network information security capabilities. In emergency management, the Group used
            digital means to assist in disaster prevention, mitigation, and relief, as well as the handling of urgent, difficult,
            dangerous and major public emergencies. It promoted the implementation of proprietary products such as
            emergency command information systems, production safety risk monitoring and early warning systems, as
            well as natural disaster monitoring and early warning platforms, participating in the building of emergency
            management capabilities in multiple provinces and cities across the country. The Group participated in the
            national key research and development program “Prevention and Control of Major Natural Disasters and
            Public Safety” under the Ministry of Emergency Management, specifically the key project of “Key
            Technologies for Intelligent Generated Decision-Making Knowledge Base in Disaster and Accident
            Emergency Management Situations”, achieving dynamic and efficient integration of spatiotemporal
            information at disaster sites, intelligent analysis, and emergency management and rescue decision-making
            support. In terms of network and information security, the Group actively responded to the cybersecurity
            operations and data security needs of customers in industries such as information and communications,
            finance, energy, and transportation, developing over 40 proprietary and controllable network and information
            security products and one-stop integrated solutions. The “Intelligent Video Surveillance Application System”,
            which the Group participated in research and development, was successfully selected into the “2024
            Cybersecurity Technology Application Exemplary Cases”6. The value of new contracts signed in the field of
            emergency management and security grew by over 30% during the year.




6
     The “2024 Cybersecurity Technology Application Exemplary Cases” was jointly released by 13 units, including the General Office of the Ministry of
     Industry and Information Technology, the Secretariat of the Cyberspace Administration of China, the General Office of the Ministry of Human
     Resources and Social Security. It aims to strengthen the guidance for advanced cybersecurity technology applications and promote the high-
     quality development of the cybersecurity industry.
                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   21

                                                                                                                        CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




III. Accelerating the Formation of New Quality Productive Forces, Driving
     High-Quality Development
    1.     Adhering to Technology Innovation-driven Development, Building a High-
           Quality Technology Enterprise
           The Group continued to leverage technological innovation as a driving force, strengthening the deep
           integration of technological innovation and industrial innovation, building a key engine for developing new
           quality productive forces, and creating new momentum and advantages for high-quality development.
           Focusing on strategic emerging industries, the Group developed nearly 100 key industry products, such as
           smart photovoltaic, smart building, and smart sport, to meet customers’ intelligent, secure, and scenario-
           based needs. It focused on key technologies in future industries, advancing in frontier areas such as 5G-A,
           blockchain, AI+, satellite communications, and low-altitude economy, and developed products such as the
           blockchain data service platform, the direct satellite connection product “Xingjitong”, the network connected
           drone intelligent application platform, and AI product suites. The Group accelerated the commercialization
           and large-scale replication of technological innovation results, cultivating over 40 products with contract
           values exceeding RMB10 million each and implementing 12 comprehensive solutions, each deployed in
           more than 50% of the country’s provinces, effectively enhancing enterprises’ operational efficiency. The
           Group accumulated more than 3,900 authorized patents and 10,500 software copyrights. For the fourth
           consecutive year, the Group ranked fourth in the “100 Most Competitive Software & IT Service Enterprises”,
           and several technological innovation projects received provincial and ministerial-level as well as national-level
           association science and technology awards. The Group was also included in the “China Cybersecurity
           Industry Panorama” by AQNIU7 and the “2023–2024 Recommended Directory of Outstanding Innovative
           Software Products”8, demonstrating its recognized innovation capabilities in the industry.


    2.     Building Core Capabilities Advantages, Providing High-Quality Smart
           Services
           Rooted in new-generation information service technologies, the Group continuously deepened the essence
           of its “Four Roles”, strengthening the supply of high-quality products and services, and effectively enhancing
           its core competitiveness. Adhering to a customer-centric approach, the Group utilized new technologies
           such as big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence and quantum communications, combined with its
           advantages in consultation and design, software, delivery, and operation and maintenance, striving to
           become a comprehensive service provider for new infrastructure including new-generation information and
           communications, general data centers, intelligent computing and supercomputing centers, offering general
           contracting and integrated solutions. The Group strengthened its cloud-based digital platform and software
           development capabilities, empowering the digital transformation of various industries, and providing
           operators with smart support services, including operation and maintenance, supply chain management,
           property management and training. By continuously focusing on strategic emerging industries, the Group
           capitalized on its nationwide “Industry Center + Regional Platform” matrix to enhance its core product
           capabilities, business value and service standards, developing new quality productive forces tailored to local
           conditions.




7
    “AQNIU” is a highly influential third-party professional media and flagship think tank in China’s cybersecurity industry.
8
    The “2023–2024 Recommended Directory of Outstanding Innovative Software Products”, released by the China Federation of Electronics and
    Information Industry (CFEII), aims to drive high-quality development in the software industry, boost proprietary innovation, accelerate new
    technology adoption, and promote outstanding software products in key sectors.
22    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




     3.     Deepening Reforms in Key Areas, Enhancing Momentum for High-Quality
            Development
            The Group further comprehensively deepened reforms, continuously improving production relations that are
            more compatible with new quality productive forces, and driving high-quality development in all aspects. The
            Group continued to advance the professional, synergistic, and intelligent operation of its supply chain
            management, property management, and education and training businesses, cultivating core professional
            teams, strengthening business capability building, and building a technology-driven, nationwide industry-
            leading enterprise. The Group accelerated its digital transformation, focusing on internal production and
            operation needs, promoting the implementation of “AI+” internal applications, and improving corporate
            management efficiency. The Group fully implemented a talent-centric enterprise strategy, firmly establishing
            the concept that “talent is the primary resource”, reforming and innovating talent management mechanisms,
            continuously optimizing talent recruitment, training, utilization, evaluation, incentives, services, and digital
            management, and building four types of expert teams in technology, marketing, skills, and comprehensive
            functions, injecting strong momentum for the Group’s high-quality development.


IV. Fulfilling Environmental and Social Responsibilities, Maintaining High
    Standards of Corporate Governance
     The Group thoroughly implemented the new development philosophy, practicing its corporate mission of “Building
     Smart Society, Boosting Digital Economy, Serving a Good Life”. The Group adhered to green and low-carbon
     development, actively fulfilled its social responsibilities, and achieved compliant and efficient operations, with its
     strong governance capabilities widely recognized. For the third consecutive year, the Group has been included as
     a constituent of the “Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Benchmark Index”, reflecting its outstanding performance
     in corporate sustainability.

     In 2024, the Group actively responded to the national “Dual Carbon” strategy, formulating green and low-carbon
     plans and related action plans, conducting research on carbon emission peaks and pathways, and promoting the
     development of incentive and constraint mechanisms for energy-saving and emission-reduction to achieve green
     operations. The Group continued to invest in green technology research and development, leveraging its mature
     energy-saving and emission-reduction planning, design, and construction experience to assist governments,
     energy, transportation, construction, and other sectors in achieving green and sustainable development. The
     Group received multiple awards in the “New Green Cup” Information and Communications Industry Empowerment
     Carbon Peak and Carbon Neutrality Innovation Competition9.




9
     The “New Green Cup” Information and Communications Industry Empowerment Carbon Peak and Carbon Neutrality Innovation Competition, jointly
     organized by the Internet Society of China and China Association of Communication Enterprises and co-hosted by institutions including the China
     Academy of Information and Communications Technology, aims to select innovative green and low-carbon technology achievements and
     application cases in the industry, and enhance the technical capabilities and product supply for enabling energy conservation and carbon reduction
     across society.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   23

                                                                                         CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




The Group actively gave back to society, providing disaster prevention and relief, and communications support. It
successfully completed the communications support mission for the launch of the Shenzhou-19 manned
spacecraft and provided communications services for major national events such as the “Boao Forum for Asia
Annual Conference 2024”, the “7th China International Import Expo”, and the “2024 World Internet Conference
Wuzhen Summit”. The Group participated in emergency rescue and communications support during major
disasters such as the extreme weather of cold wave and low temperature in certain regions in early spring, severe
rainstorms and floods in southern regions, typhoons “Yagi” and “Bebinca”, the 7.1-magnitude earthquake in Wushi
County, Xinjiang, and the 6.8-magnitude earthquake in Dingri County, Tibet. The Group rushed to disaster areas
immediately, fully engaging in emergency communications support, with a total of approximately 150,000 person-
times contributed throughout the year, safeguarding the “lifeline” of communications.

The Group leveraged its comprehensive smart service capabilities to participate in rural revitalization and livelihood
improvement projects. It undertook digital village, smart agriculture, and agricultural-tourism integration projects,
driving the modernization of agriculture and rural areas through informatization, promoting high-quality and efficient
agriculture, and livable and workable rural areas. The Group participated in urban renewal actions in multiple
regions, breaking through the “last mile” of multi-network integration. The Group’s underground cable-laying
project in the old residential neighborhood of Taping of Guanyinqiao, Chongqing, received unanimous recognition
from local residents and was featured as a benchmark project in a CCTV special program, establishing the
“Guanyinqiao Model” with sound efficiency.

The Group persisted in stable and compliant operations, continuously improving corporate governance and
internal control systems. Its high standards of corporate governance were recognized by the capital market. In the
“2024 Forbes Global 2000”, the Group ranked 1,429th. In the “2024 Asia Pacific (Ex-Japan) Executive Team”
rankings by Institutional Investor , the Group earned a number of accolades including “Most Honored Company”, “Best
CEO”, “Best CFO”, and “Best ESG”. In the “14th Asian Excellence Award” held by the corporate governance
magazine in Asia, Corporate Governance Asia , the Group received awards such as “Asia’s Best CEO”, “Asia’s
Best CFO”, and “Best Investor Relations Company”, and for the first time, the “Sustainable Asia Award”. In the “The
Asset ESG Corporate Awards 2024” held by the financial magazine, The Asset , the Group received the “Gold
Award”. In the 14th China Securities “Golden Bauhinia Awards” organized by Ta Kung Wen Wei , the Group
received the “Excellence in High-Quality Development of Listed Company” award.
24    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




V. Outlook
     At present, cutting-edge digital technologies such as artificial intelligence, big data, and cloud computing are
     driving various industries into a new stage of intelligent transformation. The digital economy has become a key
     area and an important engine for accelerating the development of new quality productive forces. Facing both
     transformation and opportunities, the Group remains committed to its positioning as a “New Generation Integrated
     Smart Service Provider”, with technological innovation at its core and deepening reforms as the driving force. The
     Group will continuously enhance its core functions and improve its core competitiveness. The Group will closely
     follow the upgrading needs of traditional businesses, continuously optimize the quality of its products and services,
     and promote the transformation of traditional businesses towards intelligence, green, and security. The Group will
     also enhance the value of strategic emerging businesses, accelerate the cultivation of digital infrastructure
     capabilities, green and low-carbon capabilities, smart city service capabilities, as well as emergency management
     and security capabilities that are aligned with the new generation of information technologies. At the same time,
     the Group will balance high-quality development with high-level security, prevent and mitigate operational risks,
     strengthen the bottom line of safe development, and ensure the steady and long-term growth of the Group,
     contributing to the advancement of Chinese modernization.

     Finally, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders,
     customers, and all sectors of society for their long-term care and support, as well as to all our employees for their
     hard work and dedication. I would also like to extend my heartfelt thanks to Mr. Yan Dong, the Executive Director
     and President, and Mr. Gao Tongqing, the Non-executive Director, who have resigned, for their outstanding
     contributions to the development of the Group during their tenure. At the same time, I warmly welcome Mr. Cui
     Zhanwei to the Board of Directors.




Luan Xiaowei
Executive Director and Chairman

Beijing, PRC
27 March 2025
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024     25


                                                                                  BUSINESS OVERVIEW


The Group is a leading service provider in the informatization sector in China. Leveraging its positioning as a “New
Generation Integrated Smart Service Provider” and its strengths as “Builder of Digital Infrastructure”, “Provider of Smart
Products and Platforms”, “Provider of Industrial Digitalization Services” and “Guard of Smart Operation” (referred to as “1
Positioning, 4 Roles”), the Group is committed to “Building Smart Society, Boosting Digital Economy, Serving a Good
Life”. The Group continues to accelerate the building of a first-class enterprise, and provides integrated comprehensive
smart solutions in the fields of informatization and digitalization. The Group primarily provides integrated smart solutions,
including telecommunications infrastructure services, business process outsourcing services and applications, content
and other services, to customers such as telecommunications operators, governments, industry customers, and SMEs.

The Group’s business spans across China and dozens of countries and regions globally, with overseas customers
mainly located in key regions such as Asia Pacific, the Middle East, and Africa.



                            WE PROVIDE INTEGRATED COMPREHENSIVE
                           SMART SOLUTIONS FOR THE INFORMATIZATION
                                  AND DIGITALIZATION SECTORS


         Telecommunications                     Business Process                      Applications, Content and
        Infrastructure Services                Outsourcing Services                        Other Services

                                                    Our Services


                  Design                            Network Maintenance                        System Integration

                                                                                            Software Development and
                Construction                        Property Management
                                                                                                 System Support


                Supervision                            Supply Chain                            Value-added Service


                                                    Products Distribution                            Others




                                                                            Revenue             Revenue
(in RMB million, except percentages)                                         in 2024             in 2023               Change

Domestic non-telecom operator customers
  (“Domestic non-operator customers”)                                          62,169             63,433                  (2.0%)
Domestic telecommunications operator customers                                 83,603             81,726                   2.3%
Of which: China Telecom                                                        59,134             54,399                   8.7%
          China Mobile, China Unicom,
            China Broadcasting Network, China Tower                            24,469             27,327               (10.5%)
Overseas customers                                                              4,228              3,456                22.3%

Total                                                                         150,000            148,615                  0.9%
26     China Communications Services Corporation Limited



BUSINESS OVERVIEW




Market Expansion
In 2024, the Group continued to adhere to the overall roadmap of “value-driven, seeking steady yet progressive growth
and high-quality development”, actively rode the wave of the building of Digital China. With the goal of achieving high-
quality development, the Group seized opportunities of the deep integration of digital technologies with the real
economy, further enhanced market development, cultivated new growth areas, shifted development momentum,
optimized its business structure, and improved development quality. During the year, the Group achieved total revenues
of RMB150,000 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.9%.

In 2024, the Group focused on digital transformation of society, ensuring stable operations while striving to improve
business quality. Revenue from the domestic non-operator market amounted to RMB62,169 million, representing a
year-on-year decrease of 2.0%. The Group kept abreast of the investment demands of emerging businesses from
domestic telecommunications operators, adhering to the development strategy of “CAPEX + OPEX + Smart
Applications” to continuously enhance service quality and strengthen cooperation. Revenue from the domestic
telecommunications operator market reached RMB83,603 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.3%. The
Group overcame the impact of the overseas macro-environment, continued to promote the transformation and
upgrading of its overseas business, extending its reach across the industrial chain to provide integrated services ranging
from network construction to maintenance. Revenue from overseas customers amounted to RMB4,228 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of 22.3%.

The following charts show the revenue contribution from each customer group:

                         2.8%                                                             2.3%




                       2024                                                          2023
     41.5%                                          39.4%           42.7%                                       36.6%




                               16.3%                                                             18.4%


       China Telecom             China Mobile, China Unicom,        Domestic Non-Operator          Overseas Customers
                                 China Broadcasting Network,        Customers
                                 China Tower


In 2024, the Group seized development opportunities in strategic emerging businesses and further optimized its
deployment in strategic emerging industries such as digital infrastructure, green and low-carbon, smart city, and
emergency management and security. The value of new contracts from strategic emerging industries exceeded
RMB78.0 billion, representing a year-on-year increase by over 30%.

In the field of digital infrastructure, the Group capitalized on the demand for large models, data elements, and cloud
computing, focusing on intelligent computing, supercomputing, and cloud services, and developing the three major
fields of data centers, cloud services, and 5G+ vigorously. Leveraging its high-end consulting and design capabilities as
the lead, the application of BIM digitalization technology, and products and solutions such as smart server room
management, we provided customers with full-profession, integrated, and full life-cycle green and low-carbon digital
infrastructure specialized services, which included consultation and design, electromechanical installation, application
and integration of network platforms as well as operation and maintenance. The Group actively served the national “East
Data, West Computing” project, participated extensively in the construction of the “eight national computing hubs and
ten national data center clusters”.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   27

                                                                                                     BUSINESS OVERVIEW




In the field of green and low-carbon, guided by the national “Dual Carbon” strategy, the Group not only provided
traditional power infrastructure and supporting services, but also seized market opportunities in new energy construction,
computing power and energy coordination, circular economy in industrial parks, carbon management, and energy usage
services. It offered the customers in the industries of energy and electricity, information and communications, real estate
and construction, industrial manufacturing and transportation with integrated AI energy-saving and carbon reduction
services for new green and low-carbon data centers, as well as new energy solutions such as photovoltaic, wind power,
and hydropower. The Group also engaged in platform development and services, including the “Dual Carbon”
management cloud platform, energy consumption monitoring management platform, and carbon asset digitalization
management platform, along with energy management and production and manufacturing equipment disposal services.

In the field of smart city, the Group focused on new urban infrastructure construction, targeting resilient cities, urban
renewal, old community renovation, and community development. Focusing on key needs in smart transportation, safe
cities, smart government affairs, smart towns, smart construction sites, city brains, one platform for unified services, and
digital villages, the Group provided customers with planning, design, construction, platform development, system
integration, and full-process consulting services, guided by top-level smart city planning.

In the field of emergency management, the Group centered its business around eight major industries, including
emergency management, fire-fighting, ecological environment, water conservancy, meteorology, natural resources,
forestry and grassland, and civil air defense. It focused on disaster prevention, mitigation and relief, as well as supporting
capabilities for the handling of urgent, difficult, dangerous and major public emergencies, building a comprehensive
smart product portfolio and solution library for emergency management and one-stop informatization service capabilities.
The Group provided consulting and design, software development, system integration, and operation and maintenance
services to customers in the industries of government, chemical industrial parks, and highly hazardous enterprises. In the
field of cybersecurity, the Group developed over 40 proprietary and controllable network and information security products
and one-stop integrated solutions, safeguarding national key information infrastructure industries such as information and
communications, finance, energy, and transportation. It catered to customer needs for compliance, digital transformation,
and operational practices, offering security products, security consultation and design, security integration, project
implementation, specialized security services, and security supervision in the fields of cybersecurity, data security, and
information security.

               The Group Has Initially Developed a Series of Industry-leading Products and
               Solutions to Facilitate the Development of Strategic Emerging Businesses




            Smart Sport Platform                                  Emergency Management Core Platform




            C-Station Smart Machine Room Management               Smart Grain Storage Integrated Platform
            Platform
28    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



BUSINESS OVERVIEW




Domestic Telecommunications Operator Market
In 2024, the Group further integrated itself into the ecosystem of domestic telecommunications operators, leveraging its
general contracting capabilities and integrated advantages to seize the opportunities from traditional businesses and
transformation. It adhered to the “CAPEX + OPEX + Smart Applications” development strategy, focusing on
opportunities in AI computing power construction, industrial digitalization, 5G+, and low-altitude economy to deepen its
development in traditional CAPEX businesses. The Group expanded into the markets of network maintenance, property
management, and supply chain services, and strived to increase its OPEX market share. It fully supported operators’
demand for industrial digitalization during their transformation by actively engaging in the expansion of 5G industrial
applications, industrial digitalization, network information security, and other markets. Additionally, the Group assisted
operators in achieving green development by supporting “zero carbon” data center construction, green retrofitting of old
machine rooms, and “Dual Carbon” energy-saving platform construction, which ultimately stabilized the fundamentals of
its business with domestic telecommunications operators. Revenue from this market amounted to RMB83,603 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of 2.3%. Of which, the revenue from China Telecom amounted to RMB59,134
million, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.7%.


              The Group Actively Supported the Business of Domestic Telecommunications Operators
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024    29

                                                                                                  BUSINESS OVERVIEW




Domestic Non-Operator Market
In 2024, the Group closely monitored the trends in societal technological revolution and industrial transformation, and
seized opportunities in the digital economy development and digital transformation. It focused on strategic emerging
industries such as digital infrastructure, green and low-carbon, smart city, and emergency management and security.
Through continuously optimizing core capabilities and platforms, leveraging its integrated service capabilities and
advantages, the Group achieved high-quality business development and continued to optimize its revenue mix. Revenue
from the domestic non-operator market amounted to RMB62,169 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 2.0%.

The Group quickly responded to customer needs and provided a comprehensive smart product portfolio that could be
disassembled or combined, along with full-process service capabilities from top-level design to product R&D and
operation. During the year, the Group signed over 1,400 new contracts value more than RMB10 million each, undertook
benchmark projects such as a Leading Insurance Company’s Western Data Center Project Phase I, the Xiong’an Rural
Revitalization Smart Agriculture Demonstration Park Project, “Photovoltaic-Storage-Charging” Integrated Energy Project
of an Investment Group, a Leading Coal Mining Group’s Smart Mine Construction Project Phase I, a Major Safety Risk
Prevention and Control Project for a Vanadium-titanium Chemical Industrial Park, and the Full-Process Consulting
Project for the Informatization of the 15th National Games.

By adhering to the principle of “headquarters leadership, local execution, professional construction, and cross-functional
collaboration”, leveraging its advantages of unique “Consultant + Staff + Housekeeper” service model and “Platform +
Software + Service” capabilities, establishing an “Industry + Region” matrix marketing system, building a robust localized
marketing team across the country with approximately 17,000 sales personnel deployed in key areas, the Group
continuously strengthened its efforts in group-level product synergistic marketing. The Group accelerated the formation
of technical expert teams for its core products, which currently comprised over 10,000 consulting and design experts
and relevant software talents. By enhancing capabilities consolidation and empowerment through continuous training
and informatization means such as the cloud exhibition hall, the Group continuously strengthened the teams of
professional talents. Currently, the Group’s annual contract value in several industries, including government, housing
and construction, Internet and IT, energy, transportation, finance, and education, has exceeded RMB1 billion in each
sector.

       The Group Undertook Key Projects of Strategic Emerging Industries for
       Domestic Non-Operator Market Proactively




     Cloud Computing Center Base             “Photovoltaic-Storage-Charging”        IDC General Contracting Project of
     Project for a Third-party IDC Service   Integrated Energy Project of an        Smart Zero-carbon Big Data Industrial
     Provider in Ulanqab                     Investment Group                       Park in a City in Western China




     Smart Project Phase II of a Large       Server Room Upgrading Project of       Western Data Center Project (Phase I)
     Conference Center                       an Intelligent Computing Center of     of a Leading Insurance Company
                                             a National-level Research
                                             Laboratory in a Province
30     China Communications Services Corporation Limited



BUSINESS OVERVIEW




Overseas Market
In 2024, the Group actively integrated itself into the new development paradigm of “dual-circulation with domestic and
international development reinforcing each other”, and seized important opportunities in the “Belt and Road” and
overseas industrial transformation and upgrading. The Group continuously optimized its overseas market deployment
and focused on key regions such as Asia Pacific, the Middle East, Africa, and Latin America. Targeting
telecommunications operators, energy and electricity customers, overseas governments and enterprises, and “Go
Abroad” Chinese companies, the Group focused on four types of businesses, namely digital infrastructure construction,
“Dual Carbon” services, smart government services, and industrial informatization services. On the basis of high-
standard safety development, the Group further enhanced its capabilities in securing high-quality and large-scale
projects and deepening the cultivation and operation of overseas subsidiaries, accelerated transformation and upgrading
to achieve rapid growth in overseas business. Revenue from overseas customers amounted to RMB4,228 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of 22.3%.


        Transformed and Upgraded the Group's Overseas Business,
        Enhanced Capabilities in Expansion of High-quality and Large-scale Projects




     Road Monitoring Project of a Saudi Arabia Security           Photovoltaic Power Generation Project in a Region
     Comprehensive Control Company                                in Oman




Business Expansion
As a leading service provider in the informatization sector in China, the Group provides integrated comprehensive smart
solutions in the fields of informatization and digitalization, including telecommunications infrastructure services, including
design, construction, and supervision; business process outsourcing services, including information technology
infrastructure management, general facilities management, supply chain, and products distribution; and applications,
content, and other services, including system integration, software development and system support, as well as value-
added services, etc.


Telecommunications Infrastructure Services
As the largest telecommunications infrastructure service provider in China, the Group possesses all the highest-grade
qualifications in the communications construction industry. In 2024, the Group’s revenue from telecommunications
infrastructure services amounted to RMB75,172 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.3%.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   31

                                                                                                BUSINESS OVERVIEW




The Group has the capabilities to provide comprehensive telecommunications infrastructure services to global
telecommunications operators, including planning, design, construction, and project supervision for fixed-line, mobile,
broadband networks, data centers, and operation support systems. In 2024, the Group fully supported the business
needs of domestic telecommunications operator customers, contributing to the construction of domestic computing
power and 5G/5G-A networks. Revenue from domestic telecommunications operator customers for telecommunications
infrastructure services reached RMB41,087 million for the year, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.5%.



       The Group Endeavored to Support New Infrastructure Construction




The Group also provides services such as information infrastructure construction, integrated infrastructure construction
such as smart energy, integrated informatization solutions, and industrial smart solutions to domestic non-operator
customers in the government, finance, construction, transportation, emergency management, electricity, and medical
care sectors, as well as overseas customers. In 2024, the Group kept cultivating in the fields of data center, green and
low-carbon, smart city, and emergency management and security. Revenue from domestic non-operator customers for
telecommunications infrastructure services amounted to RMB31,038 million for the year, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 5.0%.
32    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



BUSINESS OVERVIEW




As domestic telecommunications operators continue to accelerate digital transformation, increase investment in new
infrastructure such as data centers, and speed up the pace of transformation and upgrading, the Group will further
integrate itself into the ecosystem of operators, enhance its product and service capabilities, and meet the demand for
integrated network construction services from domestic telecommunications operators, so that it can continue to
maintain the stable development of the business from domestic telecommunications operators. Meanwhile, with the in-
depth implementation of the Digital China strategy, the acceleration of digital information infrastructure construction,
along with the flourishing development of industrial digitalization, and the increasing demand for energy conservation and
carbon reduction, the Group will embrace new growth opportunities in both the domestic non-operator market and
overseas market.


Business Process Outsourcing Services
The Group is the largest integrated provider of business process outsourcing services in the communications industry in
China. Along the communications business value chain, it provides services including information technology
infrastructure management (“Network Maintenance”), general facilities management (“Property Management”), supply
chain, and products distribution. The target customers of its services include domestic and overseas telecommunications
operator customers, government agencies, and enterprise customers. In 2024, the Group’s revenue from business
process outsourcing services amounted to RMB43,459 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 0.2%.


                   The Group Provided Operation and Maintenance Services




The Group provides information technology infrastructure management and network optimization services for
telecommunications operators and other customers, covering fiber optic cables, electric cables, mobile base stations,
data centers, network equipment and terminals. In 2024, the Group relied on its proprietary “Maintenance Cloud” digital
transformation platform for professional maintenance to facilitate the development of information technology
infrastructure management business, achieving revenue of RMB18,755 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
1.0%.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   33

                                                                                                BUSINESS OVERVIEW




The Group provides general facilities management services to customers for their data centers, cloud bases, commercial
buildings, high-end residential buildings, high-speed railway stations, and airports. The Group further advances the
business consolidation of its general facilities management business, improves synergistic operation capabilities, and
develops smart service capabilities. In 2024, the Group’s revenue from general facilities management services amounted
to RMB8,122 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.0%.

The Group focuses on supply chain integration services in the field of digital infrastructure, and further expands its
customer base from other sectors, while having operator customers as the foundation. The Group focuses on upstream
and downstream customers in the industrial chain, fully leverages its advantage in the full-process and network-wide
synergistic operation of the supply chain to provide integrated and full life cycle supply chain services, including
integrated logistics, procurement and tendering, quality inspection, repair and disposition, to domestic
telecommunications operators, government, and enterprise customers. In 2024, the Group’s revenue from supply chain
services amounted to RMB13,560 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.4%.



       The Group Provided Full-process Integrated Supply Chain Services




The products distribution business mainly involves the distribution of communications and information products. The
Group provides terminal sales and device distribution services to domestic telecommunications operator customers and
offers distribution and procurement services for IT devices, auxiliary machinery and equipment to domestic non-operator
customers. In 2024, the Group further reduced its low-efficiency product distribution business, achieving revenue of
RMB3,022 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 18.9%.

Given the increasing scale of 5G/5G-A networks and data centers, the Group believes that the OPEX market of
domestic telecommunications operators has favorable room for development, and the domestic non-operator market
also sees growing demands for business process outsourcing services. Business process outsourcing services have the
features of high customer loyalty, low accounts receivable turnover days, and good cash flow. The Group will further
consolidate resources for professional operations to pursue more efficient development in this market.


Applications, Content, and Other Services
The Group provides informatized system integration, industrial digitalization applications, proprietary software and
platform product development, digitalization business and IT system support, and value-added services to customers,
including domestic and overseas telecommunications operators, government agencies, and enterprise customers. In
2024, the relevant revenue amounted to RMB31,369 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.4%.
34     China Communications Services Corporation Limited



BUSINESS OVERVIEW




The Group continuously accelerated the improvement of scientific and technological innovation efficiency, centering on
strategic emerging industries and customer needs as well as focusing on key technology applications and innovation for
its “1 Positioning, 4 Roles”, it further increased investment in research and development, and its research and
development investment in 2024 exceeded RMB5.5 billion. The Group centralized research and development resources,
strengthened the centralized and unified management of technological innovation, and refined technological innovation
management with the guidance of “resources sharing, centralized research and development, collaborative promotion,
and benefits sharing”. Currently, the Group has established the China Comservice Technological Innovation Committee,
initially forming a hierarchical and classified technical expert team of over 1,000 people for strategic emerging industries.
The Group has built a technological innovation product library containing nearly 100 products targeting strategic
emerging industries, and covering various industries and sectors such as smart city, digital government, cybersecurity,
industrial Internet, smart sports, smart education, and intelligent building. It also possesses proprietary core platforms
such as the innovation middle platform, data security, emergency management, cybersecurity, blockchain, and open
IoT. The Group insisted on proprietary research and development and innovation, accelerating the commercialization of
research and development results to promote rapid growth in relevant businesses. In 2024, revenue from software
development and system support reached RMB6,241 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.4%.

        The Group Continued to Provide Various Smart Applications




     Smart Water Services                                        Smart Port




     Smart City                                                  Smart Transportation




     Smart Healthcare                                            Smart Agriculture
                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   35

                                                                                                BUSINESS OVERVIEW




In 2024, the Group seized opportunities in new infrastructure construction and digital transformation in China by
leveraging its integrated service advantages and capabilities in system integration and software development. Relying on
its proprietary core platforms and a series of industry-leading smart products, the Group continuously expanded its
ecological cooperation scope and vigorously developed markets such as 5G+, data center, smart city, green and low-
carbon, emergency management and security, and low-altitude economy, to effectively satisfy the digital transformation
needs of government and enterprise customers. With its rising industry influence and brand influence, the Group has
ranked fourth in the “100 Most Competitive Software and IT Service Enterprises” for four consecutive years, being
selected in the “Smart Safety and Emergency Industry Map” by the China Academy of Information and Communications
Technology and the “China Cybersecurity Industry Panorama” by AQNIU. Over the past three years, the Group has
participated in and received nearly 50 provincial and ministerial-level science and technology awards.

The Group will seize the opportunities arising from the rapid development of the digital economy, continuously upgrade
its key products, accelerate the construction of strategic core platforms, improve software service capabilities, and
develop smart products to meet customers’ business demands for industrial digitalization.

            The Group Actively Organized/Participated in Various Exhibitions and
            Established Ecological Cooperation
36   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



BUSINESS OVERVIEW




     The Group Gained Increasing Industry Recognition and Brand Influence
     in the Area of Technological Innovation
                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   37

                                                                                          BUSINESS OVERVIEW




CONTENTS OF CERTAIN KEY PRODUCTS OF THE GROUP

Number    Product Name        Product Description

1                             Relying on emerging technologies such as 5G, IoT, big data, cloud computing,
                              BIM/CIM, and AI, the Group provides integrated solutions for smart city, including
                              top-level planning, consultation and design, product research and development,
                              delivery and implementation, and operation and maintenance. These solutions
                              encompass, but are not limited to, digital governance platforms, city operation and
                              management platforms, city operation command centers, city portals, leadership
                              cockpits, and urban lifeline-related regulatory applications for smart city, such
                              thematic smart applications can be assembled and disassembled. By effectively
             Smart City
                              integrating and sharing city data resources, the Group maximizes the function of
                              data elements, enabling refined city management, intelligent city services, and
                              modernized city governance. This activates the smart industry ecosystem,
                              enhances the overall competitiveness of the city, and promotes the digital
                              transformation and upgrading of the city.

2                             With extensive industry experience and leading expertise accumulated in
                              technologies such as big data, cloud computing, AI, and blockchain, the Group
                              provides comprehensive digital solutions for governments at all levels across the
                              country. These solutions cover planning, consultation, design, integration,
                              development and operation. Possessing fundamental capabilities in government
                              cloud, network, data, and security, the Group offers digital government solutions
                              such as one platform for unified management, one platform for collaboration, and
         Digital Government   one platform for unified services, supporting the construction and operation of
                              systems and platforms in various fields such as civil affairs, emergency
                              management, and water conservancy. The Group has developed products such as
                              integrated government service platforms, one platform for unified management,
                              smart government service halls, and government service hotlines, and has
                              successfully implemented multiple projects, assisting government in digital
                              transformation.

3                             The Group has independently built a network and information security capability
                              matrix with its unique advantages, offering integrated comprehensive services
                              covering the entire lifecycle of cybersecurity, including consultation and design,
                              integration and implementation, risk assessment, operation and maintenance
                              reinforcement, and emergency response. The portfolio includes hardcore products
         CCS Cyber Security   such as cyberspace asset mapping, smart security operations, 5G security
          Product Portfolio   simulation ranges, data security monitoring, commercial cryptography application
                              transformation, and harmful information monitoring and governance. These
                              products provide overall network and information security solutions and
                              comprehensive services for national critical information infrastructure in sectors
                              such as government, communications, finance and energy.
38   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



BUSINESS OVERVIEW




Number        Product Name            Product Description



4                                     Focusing on the safety and emergency management industry, CCS Emergency
                                      Management targets three major sectors, including industrial production safety,
                                      urban public safety, and natural ecological safety. It provides solutions for
                                      production safety, emergency command, urban safety, fire-fighting, water
                                      conservancy, forestry and grassland, and disaster prevention and mitigation. It has
                                      developed emergency management and security application products portfolio,
                                      including risk monitoring and early warning platforms for hazardous chemicals,
                                      tailings ponds, non-coal mines, coal mines, and industrial trade, as well as
                                      emergency rescue command platforms, urban emergency dispatch platforms,
                                      smart chemical park management and control platforms, industrial Internet +
                                      enterprise production safety cloud service platforms, enterprise safety training and
                                      education platforms, smart fire-fighting monitoring and early warning platforms,
                                      smart water conservancy informatization management platforms, heavy rain and
             CCS Emergency
                                      flood risk monitoring and early warning platforms, and forest fire risk monitoring and
           Management Product
                                      early warning platforms. Guided by consultation and planning, the Group promotes
                Portfolio
                                      digital platform software and hardware products with independent intellectual
                                      property rights and core algorithm model technology. Leveraging system integration
                                      and general contracting delivery capabilities, the Group secures projects and drives
                                      operation and maintenance services, enhancing data effectiveness, data value,
                                      integrated communications, comprehensive situational awareness, and dynamic
                                      perception capabilities, possessing integrated capabilities for multi-disaster and
                                      multi-scenario management across pre-event, during-event, and post-event
                                      phases. Through technological means, the Group promotes governance model
                                      transformation towards proactive monitoring and prevention, strengthens the
                                      foundation for production safety and disaster prevention, mitigation, and relief, and
                                      effectively enhances the capabilities for disaster prevention, mitigation and relief and
                                      the emergency management and rescue of major production safety accidents.

5                                     Leveraging its expertise in the communications industry and experience in data
                                      center construction, combined with practical exploration in the industrial sector, the
                                      Group has built a comprehensive industrial Internet system covering infrastructure,
                                      networks, edge computing, platforms, security, and applications. It provides full-
                                      process professional services from planning, design, consultation and development
                                      to implementation and supervision, actively participating in digital infrastructure and
                                      industrial digitalization construction, and provides comprehensive smart solutions
                                      for informatization and digitalization. In the field of industrial Internet, the Group
                                      offers a series of professional products and solutions based on big data, AI, IoT,
                                      and 5G technologies, including CCS Intelligent Manufacturing Execution System
             Industrial Internet      (MES), CCS IoT Platform, CCS Data Aggregation One-Stop Big Data Governance
                                      Platform, CCS Intelligent Warehouse Management System (WMS), and
                                      cybersecurity intelligent prevention and control platforms. By integrating industrial
                                      Internet construction, industrial data collection, data governance, data analysis,
                                      data application, equipment management, production management and control,
                                      quality management, material management, energy management, operation
                                      management, and safety management, the Group deeply empowers enterprise
                                      digital transformation and intelligent manufacturing, effectively promoting the
                                      application of “5G + Industrial Internet” in the manufacturing industry and further
                                      driving the healthy development of the industrial Internet sector.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   39

                                                                                          BUSINESS OVERVIEW




Number   Product Name       Product Description



6                           The Group provides leading “full-process consultation + products + integrated
                            services” comprehensive information services in the domestic sports industry. It has
                            developed a full-stack pan-sports solution and products, with “Han Sports”
                            recognized as a typical case of smart sports by the Ministry of Industry and
                            Information Technology, and sports + tourism projects recommended as one of the
                            eight premium outdoor projects by the General Administration of Sport of China.
                            Focusing on technological innovation in smart sports, the Group has developed a
                            sports industry large model and created the most comprehensive youth sports
                            platform in China. The Group successfully completed information service support
                            for benchmark events such as the 12th National Traditional Games of Ethnic
           Smart Sport
                            Minorities, the 1st National Youth Three-Ball Games, and the Wuhan Open, creating
                            a new model for smart event services. In line with the national strategy of building a
                            leading sporting nation, the Group has undertaken multiple provincial and
                            municipal-level digital sports platforms in Hubei, Ningxia, and Shanxi and other
                            regions, building the most comprehensive sports management and service system
                            in China. The Group actively explores innovative operations in the sports industry,
                            engaging in public sports service operations, venue operations, and event
                            operations, contributing its expertise to the new landscape of sports development.

7                           Smart Education products aim to build a new type of smart campus,
                            comprehensively enhancing the level of education informatization through
                            developing smart campus platform. The products deeply explore education
                            management and teaching innovation based on big data, systematically addressing
                            key issues such as omnidirectional interaction in teaching, comprehensive
                            environmental perception, efficient collaborative management, and convenient
                            personalized campus life. The ultimate goal is to achieve a technologically
                            advanced, comprehensive, deeply applied, stable, and secure and reliable smart
                            campus. The products focus on four core application scenarios: twin campuses,
         Smart Education
                            digital campuses, safe campuses, and green campuses, providing comprehensive
                            solutions for various educational institutions. The service targets include higher
                            education institutions, vocational schools, basic education schools, and educational
                            authorities at all levels, meeting the digital transformation needs of different
                            educational institutions. Through innovative application of intelligentization and
                            digitalization, the products support the modernization of education and promote the
                            overall improvement of education governance and teaching quality.

8                           Integrating technologies such as IoVT, IoT, big data, and AI, the Group has built an
                            integrated smart livelihood service system, enabling full spatiotemporal monitoring,
                            intelligent sensing, remote command, and precise management and control. This
                            platform system has been applied in the fields of food safety and transportation and
                            postal services. In the field of food safety, it empowers the government and market
         Smart Livelihood
                            entities to improve smart supervision and management, ensuring food safety and
                            promoting social co-governance. In the field of transportation and postal services, it
                            helps resolve the “last mile” distribution challenge, promoting the interconnection of
                            urban and rural logistics.
40   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



BUSINESS OVERVIEW




Number        Product Name            Product Description



9                                     Intelligent Building leverages an all-optical network as the foundation, creating a
                                      high-bandwidth, zero-latency, and ultra-stable communications foundation to
                                      empower the smart upgrade of buildings across all scenarios. Through the
                                      Intelligent Building Management System (CCS-iBMS), the platform seamlessly
                                      integrates subsystems such as equipment management, environmental monitoring,
                                      security warning, and energy scheduling. With “integrated design + open
                                      architecture”, it breaks down data silos, enabling cross-system millisecond-level
                                      collaborative responses. Based on the dynamic data integration of people, vehicles,
             Intelligent Building     equipment and spaces, the platform builds a visual management cockpit, providing
                                      full control over equipment operation status, proactive report for hidden danger
                                      warnings, intelligent collaborative response for emergency events, and AI-optimized
                                      energy consumption management. It is widely adaptable to various building types,
                                      helping buildings achieve “management efficiency leap, service experience upgrade,
                                      and operational value multiplication”, reshaping the intelligent transformation
                                      paradigm of the construction industry and leading the future development of
                                      construction.

10                              Guided by the concept of technological innovation and cloud-network integration,
                                the Group has developed a cloud business product portfolio, including the
                                innovation middle platform, cloud exhibition hall, iPaaS platform, and cloud-network
                                integrated operation management platform. Relying on the integration of cloud
                                business products, the platform provides full-process digital support for
                                technological innovation internally, enabling efficient process and closed-loop
                                management across various technological innovation processes, including talent,
                                technological innovation management, research and development and production,
          CCS Innovation Middle achievements and compliance. This supports business innovation and provides
                Platform        cloud-native product and technical services such as container cloud and DevOps.
                                Combined with cloud-network integrated operation management products, it
                                achieves unified management and operation of “cloud, network, security, and
                                terminals”, helping customers build and operate a “single cloud” that is physically
                                distributed but logically unified. This meets customers’ needs for building an
                                efficient, stable, and secure heterogeneous and polymorphic cloud service
                                computing power ecosystem, achieving optimal allocation and maximized value of
                                heterogeneous computing power resources.

11                                    CCS IoT builds an all-scenario integrated IoT platform that covers research and
                                      development and design, project construction, project operation and monitoring,
                                      and post-project services. It comprehensively empowers the pre-sales, design,
                                      development, and operation capabilities of IoT for all professional branch
                                      companies. The platform enables quick device connection and easy scenario
                                      setup, builds a component and module market to support rapid development, fully
                  CCS IoT             integrates equipment management and operating situation monitoring, and
                                      aggregates internal and external ecosystems to expand AI, BI, and digital twin
                                      capabilities, supporting the rapid implementation of projects. CCS IoT offers SaaS
                                      services, component-based deployment, all-in-one machines, and other product
                                      forms and derivative hardware products, continuously providing IoT project support
                                      services for the Group.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   41

                                                                                               BUSINESS OVERVIEW




Number     Product Name        Product Description



12                             The “China Comservice Blockchain Platform” adheres to the core principle of
                               independence and controllability. Leveraging leading domestic blockchain
                               technology, the platform provides a cloud-chain integrated base platform that
                               supports unified management of multiple chains, providing secure and reliable
                               technical support for digital transformation. Through restructuring the data value
                               system, the platform deeply empowers business in key areas such as agriculture
                               and rural areas (such as traceability of agricultural products), government services (one
                               platform for unified services), judicial services (electronic evidence preservation),
                               healthcare (Trusted Data Sharing), “Dual Carbon” governance (carbon emissions
         Blockchain Platform   tracking), and electronic tax receipts (on-chain circulation), promoting the
                               implementation of cross-industry scenarios. Leveraging a series of key products
                               such as blockchain as a service (BaaS) and distributed identity authentication, the
                               platform supports customers in transforming virtual data into transferrable and
                               verifiable data elements, breaking through traditional business boundaries, and
                               promoting the deep integration of “blockchain+” with the real economy, accelerating
                               business model innovation and high-quality industry development. It provides
                               innovative practice paths for national strategic goals such as governance
                               modernization and green and low-carbon transformation.

13                             Maintenance Cloud is a platform that supports the centralized management of
                               maintenance service resources and the digital operation of maintenance services.
                               Leveraging the nationwide maintenance service capabilities of China Comservice,
                               the platform reshapes traditional maintenance business through digitalization
                               capabilities. Maintenance Cloud integrates maintenance resource management,
                               maintenance personnel training, maintenance business matching, maintenance
          Maintenance Cloud
                               service dispatch, maintenance standard formulation, maintenance process
                               management and control, and maintenance quality evaluation, covering three major
                               processes of maintenance business digitalization, maintenance business transaction
                               matching, and maintenance service execution, providing full-process digital support
                               for maintenance business.

14                             The Carbon Neutral Data Management Platform is a comprehensive energy-saving
                               and carbon-reducing capability management platform for buildings and parks. By
                               building a ubiquitous IoT network and integrating AI carbon emission calculation
               CO 2            model, the platform achieves all-round intelligent monitoring and precise
                               measurement of energy and carbon data. The platform can formulate and
         Carbon Neutral Data   implement intelligent energy-saving strategies based on key dimensions such as
         Management Platform   personnel flow, light intensity, air conditioning, lighting, and socket usage in the
                               park, ensuring that energy consumption operations are always maintained at an
                               optimized carbon emission state. Through high-precision digital twin models, the
                               platform can conduct refined management of the carbon savings of each device,
                               building a complete and accurate carbon neutral system.
42   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



BUSINESS OVERVIEW




Number        Product Name            Product Description



15                                    The C-Cooling Energy-saving Cloud Platform is an AI-powered energy-saving
                                      intelligent control product specifically designed for data center air conditioning
                                      systems. Based on “expert algorithms”, the platform integrates high-performance
                                      models such as “equipment mechanism models + weather prediction models +
                C-Cooling
                                      load prediction models” to analyze and process air conditioning system operation
           Energy-saving Cloud
                                      data. By applying “AI global optimization algorithms”, the platform performs real-
                 Platform
                                      time global AI optimization, identifying the optimal energy-saving parameters and
                                      maximizing energy-saving potential, achieving global energy efficiency optimization
                                      for data center air conditioning systems.

16                            The Cloud-Network Resource Management Platform has established a
                              comprehensive resource full lifecycle management system, business service
                              support system, and network operation and maintenance system. It supports the
                              management of cloud, network, edge, and terminal resources across all
             Cloud-Network    professional domains, enabling agile support for non-operators, and strategic
          Resource Management emerging businesses, which can serve as the foundation for enterprises’ network-
                Platform      wide resource management. The platform has been widely applied in the
                              telecommunications operator, government and enterprise markets, significantly
                              improving the centralized management of customer resources and the effectiveness
                              of production and operation and maintenance. It completes the construction of a
                              resource application ecosystem, empowers business development, promotes
                              industrial digitalization, and drives digital transformation of enterprises.

17                                    The Smart Grain Storage Integrated Platform, based on the concept of “three
                                      unifications” of unified processes, unified software, and unified data standards,
                                      achieves the full lifecycle digital management of national grain reserves. The
                                      platform innovatively adopts a cloud-edge collaborative architecture concept,
                                      focusing on building a “supervision platform + grain depot operations”
           Smart Grain Storage        comprehensive solution for grain purchase, sale and reserves. It pioneers an
           Integrated Platform        industry IoT gateway that collects depot data in real-time through direct acquisition,
                                      enabling real-time online monitoring of key data such as grain inventory, quality and
                                      safety, and comprehensively uploading to cloud. This ensures the authenticity of
                                      quantity, high quality, security and reliability, safeguarding the security of the
                                      national grain reserves.

18                                    The C-Station Smart Machine Room Management Platform is an operator-level
                                      platform designed for centralized and unified operation and management of multiple
                                      machine rooms. The product aims to achieve production and operation
                                      informatization, intelligent security monitoring, smart green energy-saving,
            C-Station Smart
                                      panoramic resource visualization, and digitalization of asset value. Through the
            Machine Room
                                      integration of full-domain device access and data integration, the platform leverages
          Management Platform
                                      digital twin, green energy-saving, IoT big data, and AI technologies to build a
                                      centralized management platform, comprehensively enhancing the safety operation
                                      capabilities and intelligent management standard of machine rooms.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   43

                                                                                             BUSINESS OVERVIEW




Number      Product Name         Product Description

19                              The Adaptive DC Data Center Overall Machine Room Construction Solution is a
                                comprehensive infrastructure solution for DC machine room in the era of computing
                                power. The Group pioneers the concept of adaptive infrastructure construction in
                                the industry, building an energy pool for DC machine room infrastructure to meet
                                the future demand for DC machine rooms amid multi-form computing power
                                evolution. With professional innovation of structure as the foundation, the solution
                                decouples the power supply, cooling systems, and IT equipment cabinets within
           Adaptive DC Data     the machine room, allowing flexible and dynamic adjustment of single cabinet
         Center Overall Machine power during later operations. The integrated design of various disciplines provides
          Room Construction     systematic technical solutions for power supply, energy-saving air conditioning,
                Solution        liquid cooling, and operation management, matching the existing equipment
                                building infrastructure of different customers and achieving dual optimization of
                                space, energy and management. With prefabricated design and delivery, the
                                solution offers the best-fit plan according to different customer needs, enabling
                                rapid on-site deployment, integrated delivery, and flexible expansion, helping
                                customers build a flexible, energy-saving operation, and multi-form computing
                                power-compatible DC machine room infrastructure in the era of computing power.
44    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Overview
In 2024, by adhering to its overall roadmap of “value-driven, seeking steady yet progressive growth and high-quality
development”, and positioning itself as a “New Generation Integrated Smart Service Provider”, the Group leveraged its
strengths as “Builder of Digital Infrastructure”, “Provider of Smart Products and Platforms”, “Provider of Industrial
Digitalization Services” and “Guard of Smart Operation”, united hearts and efforts, overcame difficulties, and firmly
grasped the opportunities presented by the development of digital economy. By upholding technological innovation as
its guiding principle, the Group accelerated the expansion of strategic emerging businesses, developed new quality
productive forces tailored to local conditions, and achieved “Effective Improvement in Quality” and “Reasonable Growth
in Quantity”, thereby solidly propelling the sustainable and high-quality development of the enterprise and maintaining
steady growth in operating performance. Total revenues for the year amounted to RMB150,000 million, representing an
increase of 0.9% compared to 2023. Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company was RMB3,607 million,
representing an increase of 0.6% compared to 2023. Basic earnings per share were RMB0.521. Free cash flow was
RMB5,214 million, with cash conversion ratio of 172.5%, continuing to remain at a healthy level.


Total Revenues
In 2024, the Group’s total revenues amounted to RMB150,000 million, representing an increase of 0.9% compared to
2023. From a business perspective, revenue from telecommunications infrastructure (“TIS”) services was RMB75,172
million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.3%; revenue from business process outsourcing (“BPO”) services was
RMB43,459 million, remaining largely unchanged year-on-year; and revenue from applications, content, and other (“ACO”)
services was RMB31,369 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.4%. The decline in revenue from the Group’s
TIS services was primarily due to the reduced capital expenditure (CAPEX) by domestic telecommunications operators,
the conservative investment by domestic non-operator customers, as well as the proactive control and reduction of low-
value projects by the Group. With the deepened implementation of the Digital China strategy and the accelerated pace
of digital information infrastructure construction, competition in the digital construction sector has evolved towards a
higher level and greater refinement. During the year, facing a complex external environment and intense market
competition, the Group seized opportunities in the construction of domestic computing power networks, data centers,
and intelligent computing centers, enhanced its comprehensive integrated smart service capabilities, and strived to
overcome the impact of the decline in CAPEX from domestic telecommunications operators and the investment from
domestic non-operator customers, thereby maintaining relatively stable revenue from TIS services. The Group further
consolidated its resources and promoted specialized operations, ensuring stable revenue from BPO services, which
possess attributes such as strong customer loyalty and short cash conversion cycles. At the same time, with
technological innovation as the lead, the Group aggregated its capabilities in research and development as well as
product development, and focused on the business opportunities in informatization construction such as smart city
upgrades, enterprise digital transformation, and emergency management. As a result, the Group effectively met
customer needs for digitalization, driving the development of its businesses such as system integration and software
development, and sustaining robust growth in revenue from ACO services.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   45

                                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                             FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




From a market perspective, revenue from the domestic telecommunications operator market was RMB83,603 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of 2.3%; revenue from the domestic non-operator market reached RMB62,169
million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 2.0%; and revenue from the overseas market was RMB4,228 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of 22.3%. In the domestic telecommunications operator market, with the effective
implementation of its “CAPEX + OPEX + Smart Applications” development strategy, the Group actively addressed
challenges posed by the reduced CAPEX investments from domestic operator customers. The Group focused on
opportunities in computing power infrastructure construction, industrial digitalization, 5G+, and low-altitude economy,
further developing the traditional CAPEX businesses. The Group also explored market opportunities in maintenance,
property management and supply chain services, striving to increase its OPEX market share. The Group fully supported
operators’ transformation needs in industrial digitalization, actively participating in the market expansion such as 5G
industrial applications, industrial digitalization and network information security. Besides, the Group supported operators
to achieve green development initiatives, contributing to the construction of “zero-carbon” data centers, green retrofit of
machine rooms and the development of “dual carbon” energy-saving platforms, thereby stabilizing the fundamentals of
the Group’s businesses from the domestic telecommunications operators. In the domestic non-operator market, the
Group kept abreast of the trends in social technological revolutions and industrial transformations, seizing opportunities
in digital economy development and digital transformation. It focused on strategic emerging industries such as digital
infrastructure, smart city, green and low-carbon, and emergency management and security. Through continuously
forging core capabilities and platforms as well as leveraging its advantages of integrated service capabilities, proactively
reducing low-value businesses and strictly controlling project risks, the Group expanded its businesses with due
consideration of project quality and the prevention of operational risks, thereby realizing high-quality development and
continuous optimization of the revenue structure in the domestic non-operator market. The Group actively integrated
itself into the new development paradigm of “dual-circulation with domestic and international development reinforcing
each other”, seizing important opportunities presented by the “Belt and Road” and overseas industrial transformation
and upgrading. It provided digital infrastructure construction, “dual carbon” services, smart government services and
industrial informatization services to key regions and customers overseas, achieving rapid growth in revenue from the
overseas market.
46      China Communications Services Corporation Limited



MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




Business Revenue Mix
           20.9%                                                                  19.5%




                                                   50.1%

                     2024                                                                  2023                 51.2%



     29.0%
                                                                               29.3%




                     Telecommunications                 Business Process               Applications, Content
                     Infrastructure Services            Outsourcing Services           and Other Services

The following table sets forth a breakdown of the Group’s total revenues for 2023 and 2024, together with their
respective changes:

                                                                                    2024                2023
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000      Change

Telecommunications Infrastructure Services
Design services                                                                  9,917,391         10,550,076      (6.0%)
Construction services                                                           60,673,388         61,188,251      (0.8%)
Project supervision and management services                                      4,581,458          4,398,429       4.2%

                                                                                75,172,237         76,136,756      (1.3%)

Business Process Outsourcing Services
Management of infrastructure for information technology
  (Network Maintenance)                                                         18,754,785         18,567,843      1.0%
General facilities management (Property Management)                              8,122,502          7,884,713      3.0%
Supply chain                                                                    13,559,545         13,371,776      1.4%

Sub-total of Core BPO Services                                                  40,436,832         39,824,332      1.5%

Products distribution                                                            3,022,186          3,726,282     (18.9%)

                                                                                43,459,018         43,550,614      (0.2%)

Applications, Content and Other Services
System integration                                                              19,594,996         17,527,742     11.8%
Software development and system support                                          6,241,050          5,979,240      4.4%
Value added services                                                             2,749,632          2,637,805      4.2%
Others                                                                           2,783,170          2,782,519     0.02%

                                                                                31,368,848         28,927,306      8.4%

Total                                                                          150,000,103       148,614,676       0.9%
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   47

                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                            FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




Telecommunications Infrastructure Services
In 2024, the Group’s revenue from TIS services amounted to RMB75,172 million, representing a decrease of 1.3% as
compared to RMB76,137 million in 2023. TIS services was the primary source of revenue of the Group and accounted
for 50.1% of the total revenues, representing a decrease of 1.1 percentage points from 51.2% in 2023. As to the
customer structure, the Group’s TIS revenue from domestic telecommunications operator customers amounted to
RMB41,087 million and accounted for 54.7% of the total TIS revenues, representing an increase of 1.0 percentage point
from 2023. The aggregate TIS revenues from domestic non-operator customers and overseas customers amounted to
RMB34,085 million and accounted for 45.3% of the total TIS revenues, representing a decrease of 1.0 percentage point
from 2023.

In 2024, the Group’s TIS revenue from domestic telecommunications operator customers increased by 0.5% compared
to 2023. While maintaining its market leading position, the Group fully supported the business demand of domestic
telecommunications operator customers and supported the construction of domestic computing power and 5G/5G-A
networks. As domestic telecommunications operators continued to accelerate their digital transformation and increase
investments in new infrastructure, such as computing power and data centers, and accelerated their pace of
transformation and upgrading, the Group further integrated itself into the operators’ ecosystem and enhanced its
product and service capabilities to cater to the integrated network construction service demands of domestic
telecommunications operators, thereby maintaining stable business development of the domestic telecommunications
operators. The aggregate TIS revenue from domestic non-operator customers and overseas customers decreased by
3.3% compared to 2023, in which, the TIS revenue from domestic non-operator customers recorded a year-on-year
decrease by 5.0%, and the TIS revenue from overseas customers recorded a year-on-year increase by 17.5%. The
Group emphasized the business development quality in domestic non-operator market and reduced the undertaking of
projects with low gross margins, high risks, and long collection cycles. Pursuant to the further implementation of the
Digital China strategy, the acceleration in the pace of digital information infrastructure construction, the flourishing
development of industrial digitalization, and the increasing demand for energy saving and carbon reduction, the Group
will embrace new growth opportunities in the domestic non-operator market and overseas market.


Business Process Outsourcing Services
In 2024, the Group’s revenue from BPO services amounted to RMB43,459 million, remaining largely unchanged as
compared to RMB43,551 million in 2023, and accounted for 29.0% of our total revenues, representing a decrease of 0.3
percentage point as compared to 29.3% in 2023. In terms of customer structure, the BPO revenue from domestic
telecommunications operator customers amounted to RMB28,789 million, representing an increase of 1.7% over 2023,
and accounting for 66.2% of the total BPO revenues, representing an increase of 1.2 percentage points from 2023. The
aggregate BPO revenues from the domestic non-operator customers and overseas customers amounted to RMB14,670
million, representing a decrease of 3.8% over 2023, and accounting for 33.8% of the total BPO revenues, representing a
decrease of 1.2 percentage points over 2023.

In 2024, among each of the businesses under the Group’s BPO services, revenue from network maintenance amounted
to RMB18,755 million, representing an increase of 1.0% as compared to 2023. The Group further optimized and
integrated its business of property management, enhancing its synergistic operational capabilities and building smart
service capabilities, resulting in revenue from property management of RMB8,122 million, representing an increase of 3.0%
as compared to 2023. Revenue from the supply chain business reached RMB13,560 million, representing an increase of
1.4% as compared to 2023. The Group focused on the upstream and downstream customers, continuously leveraged
its advantages in full-process and network-wide synergistic operation in the supply chain, providing integrated and full
life cycle supply chain services to domestic telecommunications operators, government, and enterprise customers.
Besides, revenue from products distribution business amounted to RMB3,022 million, representing a decrease of 18.9%
as compared to 2023, which was mainly due to the Group’s commitment to high-quality development and proactive
control of the products distribution businesses with low efficiency.
48     China Communications Services Corporation Limited



MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




Applications, Content and Other Services
In 2024, the Group’s revenue from ACO services amounted to RMB31,369 million, representing an increase of 8.4% as
compared to RMB28,927 million in 2023, and remaining as the fastest-growing business segment and the main driver
for the growth of total revenues for the year. The revenue from ACO services accounted for 20.9% of total revenues,
representing an increase of 1.4 percentage points from 19.5% in 2023, and this proportion has been increasing for
several years. Among which, the system integration business recorded revenue of RMB19,595 million, representing an
increase of 11.8% as compared to 2023, being the largest contributor to the growth of the total revenues. In terms of
the customer mix, the Group’s ACO revenue from domestic telecommunications operator customers amounted to
RMB13,727 million and accounted for 43.8% of the total ACO revenues, representing an increase of 0.4 percentage
point as compared to 2023. Aggregate ACO revenues from domestic non-operator customers and overseas customers
amounted to RMB17,642 million, accounting for 56.2% of the total ACO revenues, representing a decrease of 0.4
percentage point over 2023.

In 2024, the Group’s ACO revenue from both domestic telecommunications operator customers and domestic non-
operator customers grew relatively fast and increased by 9.4% and 6.6% respectively as compared to 2023. The growth
was mainly attributed to the Group’s efforts in leveraging its capabilities and strengths in integrated services, system
integration and software development to further expand the scope of ecological cooperation and seize domestic
opportunities in new infrastructure construction and digital transformation, etc. By utilizing its proprietary core platforms
and industry-leading smart product series, the Group effectively satisfied digitalization demand of its customers through
vigorous expansion in markets such as 5G+, data center, smart city, green and low-carbon, emergency management
and security, and low-altitude economy.


Cost of Revenues
The Group’s cost of revenues in 2024 amounted to RMB132,404 million, representing an increase of 0.8% from 2023
and accounting for 88.3% of the total revenues.

The following table sets out a breakdown of the Group’s cost of revenues in 2023 and 2024 and their respective
changes:

                                                                               2024               2023
                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000              Change


Direct personnel costs                                                     8,208,384          8,644,005                (5.0%)
Depreciation and amortization                                              1,025,761          1,017,154                 0.8%
Materials costs                                                           25,579,237         24,670,341                 3.7%
Direct costs of products distribution                                      2,815,082          3,517,360              (20.0%)
Subcontracting charges                                                    80,405,717         80,233,245                 0.2%
Lease charges and others                                                  14,369,701         13,275,321                 8.2%


Total cost of revenues                                                   132,403,882        131,357,426                0.8%
                                                                       Annual Report 2024   49

                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                          FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




Cost of Revenues as a % of Total Revenues


            88.3%                                                  88.4%

              5.5%             Direct personnel costs              5.8%
              0.7%          Depreciation and amortization          0.7%


             17.0%                 Materials costs                 16.6%

                              Direct costs of products
              1.9%                   distribution                  2.4%




             53.6%            Subcontracting charges               54.0%




              9.6%            Lease charges and others             8.9%


                     2024                                   2023
50    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




Direct Personnel Costs
In 2024, direct personnel costs amounted to RMB8,208 million, representing a decrease of 5.0% from RMB8,644 million
in 2023. Direct personnel costs accounted for 5.5% of our total revenues, representing a decrease of 0.3 percentage
point from 2023. The Group kept a reasonable control over its total headcount and continued to optimize the employee
structure, which resulted in the continuous decrease of the proportion of direct personnel costs to total revenues. In
terms of the Company’s overall employee remuneration, remuneration per capita increased by 3.2%, which rose at a
faster rate than the growth of total revenues, indicating that employees could share the results of corporate
development.


Depreciation and Amortisation
In 2024, depreciation and amortisation amounted to RMB1,026 million, representing an increase of 0.8% from
RMB1,017 million in 2023. Depreciation and amortisation cost accounted for 0.7% of our total revenues.


Materials Costs
In 2024, materials costs amounted to RMB25,579 million, representing an increase of 3.7% from RMB24,671 million in
2023. Materials costs accounted for 17.0% of our total revenues, representing an increase of 0.4 percentage point from
2023. The increase was because the Group optimized its business model and undertook major projects in general
contracting model proactively. In addition, the fast development of system integration business, which involved relatively
more materials, also drove up materials costs. The Group will continue to strengthen the management of general
contracting projects and enhance materials cost control by improving its internal procurement system and further
implementing centralized procurement.


Direct Costs of Products Distribution
In 2024, direct costs of products distribution amounted to RMB2,815 million, representing a decrease of 20.0% from
RMB3,518 million in 2023. Direct costs of products distribution accounted for 1.9% of our total revenues, representing a
decrease of 0.5 percentage point from 2023. The decrease of direct costs of products distribution was mainly
attributable to the Group’s initiative to control certain products distribution business with low operation efficiency.


Subcontracting Charges
In 2024, subcontracting charges amounted to RMB80,406 million, representing an increase of 0.2% from RMB80,233
million in 2023. Subcontracting charges accounted for 53.6% of our total revenues, representing a decrease of 0.4
percentage point from 2023. By strengthening the full-process management of subcontracting continuously, enhancing
the management and supervision through systems, technologies and personnel, as well as improving the self-sufficient
delivery capability, the Group effectively controlled the subcontracting charges, with the proportion of subcontracting
charges costs to total revenues declined and the growth rate of subcontracting charges being lower than the growth
rate of total revenues by 0.7 percentage point. The Group will continue to strengthen and regulate the management over
subcontracting, with a view to maintaining the growth of subcontracting charges at a relatively reasonable level.


Lease Charges and Others
In 2024, lease charges and others were RMB14,370 million, representing an increase of 8.2% from RMB13,275 million
in 2023. Lease charges and others accounted for 9.6% of our total revenues, representing an increase of 0.7
percentage point from 2023. The increase was mainly due to the increase in leasing costs arising from the rapid growth
of the Group’s logistics, transportation and warehousing services among its supply chain business.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   51

                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                            FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




Gross Profit
In 2024, the Group recorded gross profit of RMB17,596 million, representing an increase of 2.0% from RMB17,257
million in 2023. The Group’s gross profit margin in 2024 was 11.7%, representing an increase of 0.1 percentage point
from 11.6% in 2023, and the gross profit margin has continued to increase steadily. During the year, while catering for
the scale of its development, the Group focused more on improving quality and efficiency, guided its subsidiaries
through appraisal to strictly select and develop high-margin projects and increased the proportion of high-value
businesses. At the same time, the Group continuously strengthened project management and cost control, and strove
to enhance the value creation capability of its business. As a result of the above measures, gross profit margin continued
to improve steadily. With the Group’s deepening deployment in digital economy, new infrastructure construction and
industrial digitalization areas, it is expected that the proportion of high-value businesses will gradually increase and
thereby driving the trend of the Group’s overall gross profit margin to improve.


Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
In 2024, the selling, general and administrative expenses of the Group were RMB15,054 million, representing an
increase of 0.9% from RMB14,913 million in 2023. The selling, general and administrative expenses accounted for
10.0% of our total revenues, remaining largely unchanged from 2023. Among them, the research and development
expenses were RMB5,568 million, representing an increase of 0.3% from RMB5,552 million in 2023, and accounted for
3.7% of our total revenues, remaining largely unchanged as compared to 2023.


Finance Costs
In 2024, the finance costs of the Group were RMB106 million, representing a decrease of 7.2% from RMB114 million in
2023. The majority of the Group’s borrowings were in Hong Kong dollar and US dollar, and the decrease in finance cost
was mainly due to the impact of the end of interest rate hike cycle of the US Federal Reserve and the stabilization and
slight decrease in the cost of funds in international capital market.


Income Tax
In 2024, the income tax of the Group was RMB357 million and its effective tax rate was 8.7%, representing a decrease
of 0.5 percentage point from 9.2% in 2023. The decrease in the Group’s effective tax rate and the difference between
such effective tax rate and the statutory tax rate was mainly attributable to the Group’s investment in research and
development being maintained at a relatively large scale. In accordance with the relevant national policies, the Group
enjoyed preferential income tax rate treatments as a high-technology enterprise and the preferential policy of tax
deduction before income tax for research and development expenses. In 2024, certain subsidiaries of the Group that fell
under the scope of high-technology enterprises were entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15%. Certain
enterprises in Western China benefited from the preferential policies for Western Development Program. Other than that,
the Company and other domestic subsidiaries of the Group were mainly subject to an income tax rate of 25%. The
overseas subsidiaries of the Group were subject to different tax rates in various countries.


Profit Attributable to Equity Shareholders of the Company and Basic Earnings
Per Share
In 2024, profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company was RMB3,607 million, representing an increase of 0.6%
over RMB3,584 million in 2023. Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company accounted for 2.4% of our
total revenues, remaining largely unchanged from 2023. Basic earnings per share of the Company were RMB0.521 (2023:
RMB0.518).
52    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




Capital Expenditure
The Group implements stringent budget management over capital expenditure and makes adjustment according to
changes in market condition. In 2024, capital expenditure of the Group amounted to RMB1,082 million, representing a
decrease of 13.1% from RMB1,245 million in 2023. The capital expenditure in 2024 accounted for 0.7% of the total
revenues, representing a decrease of 0.1 percentage point from 2023. The Group’s capital expenditure included the
purchase of production equipment and tools, instrumentation, manufacture and office buildings, intangible assets and
other operating assets.


Cash Flow
In 2024, the Group recorded a net cash outflow of RMB3,286 million, representing a decrease of RMB4,124 million from
a net cash inflow of RMB838 million in 2023. As at the end of 2024, the balance of cash and cash equivalents of the
Group amounted to RMB19,638 million, of which 96.3% was denominated in Renminbi.

The following table sets out our cash flow positions in 2023 and 2024, respectively:

                                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000


Net cash generated from operating activities                                                 6,220,990         5,356,247
Net cash used in investing activities                                                       (7,165,349)       (2,115,504)
Net cash used in financing activities                                                       (2,341,786)       (2,402,308)


Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                        (3,286,145)          838,435


In 2024, net cash generated from operating activities of the Group was RMB6,221 million, representing an increase of
RMB865 million from RMB5,356 million in 2023. The increase in operating cash flow was mainly due to the Group’s
persistence in value-driven approach and the strengthening of its coordination and management of cash flow. While
pursuing business development, the Group carried out effective measures in clearing and settling accounts receivables.

In 2024, net cash used in investing activities of the Group was RMB7,165 million, representing an increase of RMB5,049
million from RMB2,116 million in 2023. The increase was mainly due to the Group’s strengthening of cash management
as well as the coordination and arrangement of its funds.

In 2024, net cash used in financing activities of the Group was RMB2,342 million, representing a decrease of RMB60
million from RMB2,402 million in 2023.


Working Capital
As at the end of 2024, the Group’s working capital (i.e. current assets net of current liabilities) was RMB16,718 million,
representing a decrease of RMB3,990 million from RMB20,708 million as at the end of 2023. The decrease in working
capital was mainly due to the Group’s strengthening of cash management as well as the coordination and arrangement
of its funds.
                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024       53

                                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                                                                         FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




Assets and Liabilities
The Group continued to maintain its solid financial position. As at the end of 2024, the Group’s total assets was
RMB136,618 million, representing an increase of RMB14,828 million from RMB121,790 million as at the end of 2023.
Total liabilities was RMB90,004 million, representing an increase of RMB11,882 million from RMB78,122 million as at the
end of 2023. The liabilities-to-assets ratio was 65.9%, representing an increase of 1.8 percentage points from 64.1% as
at the end of 2023.


Indebtedness
As at the end of 2024, total indebtedness of the Group was RMB706 million, representing a decrease of RMB155 million
from RMB861 million as at the end of 2023. Indebtedness of the Group was mainly denominated in Hong Kong dollar,
of which Renminbi loan accounted for 11.6%, US dollar loan accounted for 25.4% and Hong Kong dollar loan
accounted for 55.1%; and of which 1.1% was the loans with a fixed interest rate and 98.9% was those with a floating
interest rate.

As at the end of 2024, our gearing ratio10 was 1.5%, representing a decrease of 0.5 percentage point from the end of
2023.


Contractual Obligations
The following table sets out our contractual commitments as at 31 December 2024:

                                                                                                                                           2029
                                                      Total              2025          2026             2027             2028          and after
                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000


Short-term debt                                       706,249         706,249              —                —                —                 —
Lease commitments                                      90,482          36,553          20,490           14,150           10,819             8,470
Contracted for but not provided
  capital commitments                                   54,189         54,189                —                —                —                 —


Total of contractual obligations                      850,920         796,991          20,490           14,150           10,819             8,470



Exchange Rate
Most of the Group’s revenues and expenses are denominated in Renminbi. As at the end of 2024, the balance of the
Group’s cash and cash equivalents in foreign currencies accounted for 3.7% of the balance of its total cash and cash
equivalents, and 1.5% and 0.3% of the balance of its total cash and cash equivalents were denominated in US dollar
and Hong Kong dollar, respectively.




10
      Gearing ratio represents total interest-bearing borrowings divided by the sum of equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company and
      interest-bearing borrowings at the end of the financial year.
54     China Communications Services Corporation Limited



PROFILES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS
AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Executive Directors

                                                Mr. LUAN Xiaowei

                                                aged 52, is the Chairman and an Executive Director of our Company. Mr.
                                                Luan is a senior communications engineer, and he graduated from Beijing
                                                University of Posts and Telecommunications in 1995 with a bachelor’s degree
                                                in wireless communications and obtained a master’s degree in 2005 from
                                                Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications in electronics and
                                                communications engineering. Mr. Luan currently serves as the Vice President
                                                of China Telecommunications Corporation. Mr. Luan previously served as the
                                                Deputy General Manager of China Mobile Group Shanxi Co., Ltd., the General
                                                Manager of China Mobile Group Device Co., Ltd. and the General Manager of
                                                China Mobile Group Fujian Co., Ltd. Mr. Luan has more than 30 years of
                                                operation and management experience in the telecommunications industry.

Mr. CUI Zhanwei

aged 54, is the President and Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Cui also
currently holds position as the Chairman of China Communications Services
International Limited, a subsidiary of the Group. Mr. Cui obtained a bachelor’s
degree in 1993 from the Physics Department of Northern Jiaotong University,
majoring in physics. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Cui was the General
Manager of China Telecom Guangdong Branch. Prior to that, Mr. Cui also
served as the General Manager of Shijiazhuang Branch of Hebei Telecom, a
Director of the Market Development Department of Hebei Telecom, a Divisional
Director of Northern Division of the Marketing Department of China
Telecommunications Corporation, a Deputy General Manager of China
Telecom Inner Mongolia Branch, a Deputy General Manager and the General
Manager of China Telecom Hebei Branch. Mr. Cui has over 30 years of
operation and management experience in the telecommunications industry.


                                                Mr. SHEN Aqiang

                                                aged 47, is the Executive Director, Executive Vice President and Chief
                                                Financial Officer of the Company. Mr. Shen is a senior accountant and
                                                obtained a bachelor’s degree in accounting computerization and economic
                                                law in 1999 from Jiangxi University of Finance and Economics and a
                                                master’s degree in business administration from University of Science and
                                                Technology of China in 2008. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Shen was a
                                                Deputy General Manager of China Telecom Hunan Branch. Prior to that, Mr.
                                                Shen also successively served as the Deputy Manager of the Finance
                                                Department of Anhui Branch of China Telecom Corporation Limited, the
                                                General Manager of Suzhou Branch of China Telecom Corporation Limited,
                                                the General Manager of the Government and Enterprise Customers
                                                Department of Anhui Branch of China Telecom Corporation Limited, the
                                                General Manager of Anhui Branch of China Telecom System Integration Co.,
                                                Limited, and the General Manager of the Cloud Intelligence Department of
                                                Anhui Branch of China Telecom Corporation Limited. Mr. Shen has over 20
                                                years of management experience in telecommunications industry.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   55

                                            PROFILES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Non-Executive Directors

                                          Mr. TANG Yongbo

                                          aged 51, is a Non-Executive Director of our Company. Mr. Tang graduated
                                          from Central South University with an MBA degree. He is currently the Vice
                                          General Manager of China United Network Communications Group Company
                                          Limited, a Senior Vice President of China United Network Communications
                                          Limited, a Senior Vice President of China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited, and
                                          a Director and Senior Vice President of China United Network
                                          Communications Corporation Limited, a Non-executive Director of China
                                          Tower Corporation Limited, a Non-executive Director of HKT Management
                                          Limited and HKT Limited, as well as a Non-executive Director and the Deputy
                                          Chairman of the Board of PCCW Limited. He served as the Deputy General
                                          Manager and the General Manager of Hunan Branch of China Unicom and
                                          the General Manager of Marketing Department of China United Network
                                          Communications Group Company Limited. Mr. Tang has extensive
                                          experience in management and telecommunications industry.


Mr. LIU Aihua

aged 47, is a Non-Executive Director of our Company. Mr. Liu is a senior
engineer, and he graduated from Hunan University with a bachelor’s degree
in industrial automation and obtained a master’s degree from Southeast
University. Mr. Liu is currently a Director and the General Manager of State
Grid Information & Telecommunication Group Co., Ltd. Mr. Liu previously
served as the Deputy General Manager (Vice President), Deputy Chief
Engineer, and General Manager of the Marketing Service Center of NARI
Group Corporation (State Grid Electric Power Research Institute), the
Director, Deputy General Manager of the ICT Operation Division of NARI
Technology Co., Ltd. and the General Manager of its Cybersecurity Branch,
as well as the Executive Director and General Manager of NARI Information &
Communication Technology Co., Ltd., and the General Manager of Marketing
Center of NARI Technology Co., Ltd.
56    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



PROFILES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Independent Non-Executive Directors

                                               Mr. SIU Wai Keung, Francis

                                               aged 71, is an Independent Non-Executive Director of our Company. Mr. Siu
                                               is currently an Independent Non-Executive Director of CITIC Limited and
                                               Morgan Stanley Securities (China) Co., Ltd., as well as the Non-Executive
                                               Director of the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council. Mr. Siu
                                               graduated from the University of Sheffield, United Kingdom, with a Bachelor
                                               of Arts in Economics and Accounting and Financial Management in 1979.
                                               He is also a fellow member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in
                                               England and Wales, and a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of
                                               Certified Public Accountants. He joined KPMG Manchester, UK in 1979,
                                               returned to Hong Kong in 1986 and became a partner of KPMG Hong Kong
                                               in 1993. Mr. Siu used to serve as an Independent Non-Executive Director of
                                               Beijing Gao Hua Securities Company Limited, China International Capital
                                               Corporation Limited and BHG Retail Trust Management Pte. Ltd. He was
                                               also previously a Senior Partner of KPMG Shanghai Office, a Senior Partner
                                               of KPMG Beijing Office, as well as a Senior Partner of Northern Region,
                                               KPMG China. Mr. Siu has been in the accounting profession for over 30
                                               years.




Mr. LV Tingjie

aged 70, is an Independent Non-Executive Director of our Company. Mr. Lv
graduated from Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications with a
master’s degree, and obtained a doctorate degree from Kyoto University of
Japan. Mr. Lv is currently an Independent Non-executive Director of Beijing
Digital Telecom Co., Ltd., an Independent Director of Beijing Tongtech Co.,
Ltd. and a Director of Wooboo Mobile Media Co., Ltd. Mr. Lv is also a
member of the Technology Committee and a member of Telecommunication
Economics Expert Committee of the Ministry of Industry and Information
Technology, a member of the Technology Committee of China Post Group
Corporation, a Standing Director of the International Telecommunications
Society and a Standing Vice Chairman of China Information Economics
Society. Mr. Lv used to serve as an Independent Non-executive Director of
Global Link Communications Holdings Limited, an Independent Director of
Gohigh Data Networks Technology Co., Ltd., BOE Technology Group Co.,
Ltd., China United Network Communications Limited, Shenzhen Aisidi Co.,
Ltd, and China Satellite Communications Co., Ltd, and also a consultant for
the business management and strategic development in many
telecommunication enterprises and provide advice and solutions to their
development and reform. Mr. Lv has a deep insight in the development of
China’s communication industry and the management of telecommunication
enterprises with extensive management experience.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   57

                                               PROFILES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




                                             Mr. WANG Qi

                                             aged 67, is an Independent Non-Executive Director of our Company. Mr.
                                             Wang holds a master’s degree in management engineering from Tsinghua
                                             University, and he also holds a professional and technical position as a CAS
                                             researcher. From 2010 to 2018, Mr. Wang was a Director (until August 2014)
                                             and Deputy General Manager of Chinese Academy of Sciences Holdings Co,
                                             Ltd. From 2011 to 2020, Mr. Wang was also the Chairman and General
                                             Manager of Cash Capital (Beijing) Investment Management Co., Ltd, the
                                             Chairman of Beijing RSLaser Opto-Electronics Technology Co. Ltd., the
                                             Chairman of Hygon Information Technology Co., Ltd., a Director of China
                                             Science Publishing & Media Ltd. and a Supervisor of Legend Holdings
                                             Limited. Prior to that, Mr. Wang served as Vice President of Changchun
                                             Institute of Optics, Fine Mechanics and Physics, Chinese Academy of
                                             Sciences, and a Director and General Manager of Changchun UP Optotech
                                             Co., Ltd.; the General Manager and Director of Guangzhou Chemical Co.,
                                             Ltd, Chinese Academy of Sciences. Mr. Wang has extensive experience in
                                             corporate management and capital operation.




Mr. WANG Chunge

aged 68, is an Independent Non-Executive Director of our Company. Mr.
Wang holds a doctorate degree in law from Peking University and is a senior
economist and enjoys special government allowance of the State Council.
Mr. Wang is currently an External Director of Beijing Energy Holdings Co.,
Ltd., and is also an arbitrator for several arbitration committees, including the
China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission. Mr. Wang
was the General Counsel, Deputy General Counsel, and General Manager of
the Legal Affairs Department of China Merchants Group Limited, and he has
been engaged in enterprise legal consulting for many years. Mr. Wang was
selected as the “Top Ten Outstanding Legal Counsel of State-owned
Enterprises” by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
Commission of the State Council in 2006, awarded the “Top Ten Legal
Counsel of China’s Transportation Enterprises” by the Ministry of Transport
of the PRC in 2007, and he was also awarded the “Outstanding Contribution
Award for Ten Years of Enterprise Management” by the Ministry of Transport
of the PRC in 2012. Mr. Wang has a solid theoretical foundation and practical
experience in law and arbitration.
58    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



PROFILES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Supervisors
Ms. HUANG Xudan

aged 55, is the Chairperson of our Supervisory Committee. Ms. Huang is a senior economist. She graduated from
Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications in 1990 with a bachelor’s degree in management engineering and
obtained an MBA degree from the Carlson School of Management of the University of Minnesota in the USA in 2003.
Ms. Huang is currently the General Manager of the Audit Department of China Telecommunications Corporation, the
General Manager of the Audit Department of China Telecom Corporation Limited and the Chairperson of the Supervisory
Committee of China Telecom Cloud Technology Co., Ltd. She also previously served as the General Manager of the
Finance Department of China Unicom Fujian Branch, the Deputy General Manager of the Finance Department of China
United Network Communications Corporation Limited, the Deputy General Manager of the Finance Department of China
Telecommunications Corporation, the Chairman and General Manager of China Telecom Leasing Corporation Limited,
the General Manager of China Telecom Group Finance Co., Ltd. She has more than 30 years of finance and audit
management experience in the telecommunications industry.

Ms. CAI Manli

aged 51, is a Supervisor of our Company. Ms. Cai is a Certified Public Accountant of the PRC and a Certified Tax Agent
of the PRC. Ms. Cai obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Renmin University of China in 1998, obtained a
master’s degree in management from Central University of Finance and Economics in 2006 and obtained a doctorate
degree in finance from Southwestern University of Finance and Economics in 2023. Ms. Cai is currently a Senior Advisor
at Beijing King & Wood Mallesons, an Independent Director of Shanghai Flyco Electrical Appliance Co., Ltd., New Hope
Liuhe Co., Ltd., Allmed Medical Products Co., Ltd., and Lian Chu Securities Co., Ltd,. Ms. Cai previously served a
Deputy Chief of the M&A Governance Office II and Chief of the M&A Governance Office I and the Leader of the
Accounting and Evaluation Team at the Department for the Governance of Listed Companies at China Securities
Regulatory Commission. Ms. Cai previously also acted as the General Manager of HEYI Rising Assets Management Co.,
Ltd., and was an Independent Director of SF Diamond Co., Ltd., Hubei Radio & Television Information Network Co.,
Ltd., Megvii Technology Limited, Guangzhou Xaircraft Technology Co., Ltd. and Beijing Yadi Media Information Group
Co., Ltd., an Independent Non-Executive Director of ZTE Corporation, an External Supervisor of Sichuan Xinwang Bank
Co., Ltd. Ms. Cai is well versed in capital market operations and regulations and has extensive experience in consultation
and equity investments relating to capital markets.

Ms. LIU Lian

aged 50, is an Employee Representative Supervisor of the Company. Ms. Liu is a Deputy Director of the General Affairs
Department and the Deputy Chairman of the Labor Union of Sichuan Communications Services Company Limited, a
subsidiary of the Group. Ms. Liu graduated from Southwest University of Science and Technology in 2004. Ms. Liu
previously served a Supervisor of the Leading Group Office of the Inspection Work of the Party Committee of the
Company and also served different positions with Mianyang Telecom Industry Group Co., Ltd of Sichuan Telecom
Industry Group Corporation, including the Deputy Manager of Property Company, Deputy Manager of the Installation
and Maintenance Department, Director of the Marketing and Operation Department and Deputy General Manager. She
was also the Deputy General Manager, Chairman of the Labor Union and the General Manager of Mianyang Branch of
Sichuan Communications Services Company Limited, Director of the Party affairs Department and Employee
Representative Supervisor of Sichuan Communications Services Company Limited. Ms. Liu has over 20 years of working
experience in telecommunications industry.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   59

                                               PROFILES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Management
Mr. LUAN Xiaowei

(Please refer to the “Executive Directors” section)

Mr. CUI Zhanwei

(Please refer to the “Executive Directors” section)

Mr. SHEN Aqiang

(Please refer to the “Executive Directors” section)

Mr. XU Shiguang

aged 45, is an Executive Vice President of our Company. Mr. Xu obtained a bachelor’s degree in auditing from Nankai
University in 2001 and a master’s degree in accounting from Nankai University in 2004. Prior to joining the Company,
Mr. Xu was the Deputy General Manager of the Audit Department of China Telecommunications Corporation and the
Deputy General Manager of the Audit Department of China Telecom Corporation Limited. Prior to that, Mr. Xu previously
served as Divisional Director of the Engineering Audit Division and General Audit Division of China Telecommunications
Corporation’s Audit Department, as well as the Deputy General Manager of China Telecom Inner Mongolia Branch. Mr.
Xu has over 20 years of management experience in the telecommunications industry.

Mr. ZHAO Xu

aged 50, is an Executive Vice President of our Company. Mr. Zhao also currently serves as a Director and General
Manager of Zhejiang Communications Services Holdings Group Company Limited, a subsidiary of the Group. Mr. Zhao
joined the Company in September 2007 and used to serve as Divisional Director of the Business Innovation Division of
the Company’s Domestic Non-telecom Operator Business Department. Mr. Zhao received a master’s degree in
Management Science and Engineering from the Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications in 2000, and Mr.
Zhao is also a CFA charterholder. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Zhao served in the Finance Department and the
Office of the Board of China Telecommunications Corporation. Mr. Zhao has over 20 years of experience in the
telecommunications and IT industry.

Mr. LI Dong

aged 45, a member of the senior management of the Company. Mr. Li is an intermediate economist and received a
bachelor’s degree in Labour Economics from Renmin University of China in 2002, and a master’s degree in Public
Administration from Peking University in 2011. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Li served as an Director of Discipline
Inspection and Supervision Office of China Telecommunications Corporation. Prior to that, Mr. Li worked in the Human
Resources Department and Corporate Affairs Department of China United Network Communications Corporation
Limited, the General Affairs Office and Discipline Inspection and Supervision Department of China Telecommunications
Corporation. Mr. Li has more than 20 years of management experience in the telecommunications industry in China.
60    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



PROFILES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Mr. ZHANG Hao

aged 53, is an Executive Vice President of our Company. Mr. Zhang also currently holds positions in the following
subsidiaries of the Group, including a Director and General Manager of China Communications Services International
Limited and a Director of China Comservice Smart Property Development Co., Ltd. Mr. Zhang obtained a bachelor’s
degree in communications engineering from Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications in 1995. Mr. Zhang
previously served as a General Manager of Shaanxi Communications Services Company Limited, a subsidiary of the
Group, a Director and Deputy General Manager of Anhui Communications Services Company Limited, a subsidiary of
the Group, the General Manager of Anhui Hexin Technology Development Co., Ltd., the Deputy General Manager of
Anhui Telecommunications Engineering Co., Ltd., and the Deputy General Manager of Anhui Guoxin Communications
Company. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Zhang also served as the General Manager of Anhui office of ZTE Corporation.
Mr. Zhang has over 20 years of management experience in the telecommunications industry.


Company Secretary
Mr. CHUNG Wai Cheung, Terence

aged 51, is the Company Secretary and Deputy Chief Financial Officer of our Company. Mr. Chung joined the Company
in October 2006. Mr. Chung graduated from Melbourne University, Australia in 1996, with a bachelor of commerce
degree and received a master’s degree in business administration from the Australian Graduate School of Management
in 2005. Mr. Chung is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the CPA Australia. Mr.
Chung previously worked in an international accounting firm, China Mobile Limited and China Telecom Corporation
Limited, and has over 20 years of extensive experience in auditing, company secretary and financial management of
listed companies.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   61


                                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The board of directors (the “Board”) of China Communications Services Corporation Limited (the “Company”) is pleased
to present the Report of the Directors of the Company, together with the audited financial statements of the Company
and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards for the year
ended 31 December 2024.


PRINCIPAL BUSINESSES
The Group is a leading service provider in the informatization sector in the PRC, positioned as “New Generation
Integrated Smart Service Provider”, which provides integrated comprehensive smart solutions in the field of
informatization and digitalization. We offer telecommunications infrastructure services, including design, construction,
supervision and management; business process outsourcing services, including management of infrastructure for
information technology (“Network Maintenance”), general facilities management (“Property Management”), supply chain,
products distribution; and applications, content and other services, including system integration, software development
and system support, and value-added services. The major customers of the Group include domestic telecommunications
operator customers, domestic non-telecom operator customers such as government agencies, industrial customers and
small and medium enterprises, and overseas customers.


RESULTS
Results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 and the financial position of the Group as at that date are
set out in the audited financial statements on page 187 to page 266 in this annual report.


BUSINESS REVIEW
A fair review of the business, business outlook and the key financial performance indicators of the Group are provided in
the “Chairman’s Statement”, “Business Overview” and “Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions
and Results of Operations” of this annual report. Description of the principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group
is disclosed in this section. Particulars of important events affecting the Group that have occurred since the end of the
financial year of 2024, if applicable, can also be found in the aforesaid sections.

In addition, more details regarding the Group’s performance in relation to environmental and social-related policies, an
account of the Group’s relationships with its key stakeholders, as well as compliance with relevant laws and regulations
which have a significant impact on the Group, are provided in the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” of this
annual report.

The above discussion forms part of this “Report of the Directors”.
62     China Communications Services Corporation Limited



REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company attaches great importance to the returns of shareholders. Taking into the consideration of the long —
term interest and sustainable development of the Company, and with the support of the Group’s profitability, the
Company strives to maintain the continuity and stability of the dividend policy. The factors to be considered by the
Company when formulating the dividend distribution plan are as follows:

1.    current and expected operating results and cash flow performance;

2.    future business development strategies and operating position, as well as future capital needs;

3.    daily working capital needs;

4.    expectations of shareholders and investors; and

5.    other factors that the Board deems appropriate.

The Board is responsible for formulating the dividend distribution plan and will execute the relevant approval procedures
in accordance with relevant laws, rules, regulations and articles of association of the Company before proceeding with
the distribution.


DIVIDENDS
The Board proposes a final dividend of RMB0.2187 per share (pre-tax) for the year ended 31 December 2024. The
dividend proposal will be submitted for consideration at the annual general meeting to be held on 29 May 2025 (the
“AGM”).

Dividends will be denominated and declared in Renminbi. Dividends will be paid in Renminbi for domestic share
shareholders and H share shareholders (including enterprises and individuals) who invest in the H shares of the
Company listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) through the Shanghai Stock
Exchange or Shenzhen Stock Exchange (the “Southbound Trading”) (the “Southbound Shareholders”), and dividends for
H share shareholders other than the Southbound Shareholders will be paid in Hong Kong dollars. The relevant exchange
rate will be the average of the mid-point rates of Renminbi to Hong Kong dollars as announced by the People’s Bank of
China for the week prior to the date of approval of declaration of dividends by the AGM. The record date for entitlement
to the shareholders’ rights and the relevant arrangements of dividend distribution for Southbound Shareholders are the
same as those for the Company’s H share shareholders. The proposed dividends are expected to be paid on or about
Friday, 15 August 2025 upon approval at the AGM.

Further details in respect of the dividends and distribution by the Company are set out in note 15 of the audited financial
statements on page 225 of this annual report.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   63

                                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




For the overseas resident individual shareholders of the Company, pursuant to relevant laws and regulations including
the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Individual Income Tax, the Regulations for the Implementation of the Law
of the People’s Republic of China on Individual Income Tax, and the letter dated 28 June 2011 from the State
Administration of Taxation to the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong, for individual H share shareholders
receiving dividends who are Hong Kong or Macau residents or whose country of domicile is a country which has entered
into a tax treaty with the PRC stipulating a dividend tax rate of 10%, the Company, as a withholding agent, is required to
withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate of 10%. For individual H share shareholders receiving dividends whose
country of domicile is a country which has entered into a tax treaty with the PRC stipulating a dividend tax rate lower
than 10%, the Company will withhold the individual income tax at a tax rate of 10%. The Company can process
applications on behalf of those shareholders to seek entitlement of the relevant agreed preferential treatments pursuant
to relevant regulations, and upon approval by the tax authorities, the extra amount of tax withheld will be refunded. For
individual H share shareholders receiving dividends whose country of domicile is a country which has entered into a tax
treaty with the PRC stipulating a dividend tax rate higher than 10% but lower than 20%, the Company will withhold the
individual income tax at the agreed-upon effective tax rate when distributing dividends and no application procedures
will be necessary. For individual H share shareholders receiving dividends whose country of domicile is a country which
has not entered into any tax treaty with the PRC or are under other situations, the Company will withhold the individual
income tax at a tax rate of 20% when distributing dividends.

For the overseas non-resident enterprise shareholders of the Company (including HKSCC Nominees Limited, corporate
nominees or trustees, or other organizations or entities that are considered non-resident enterprise shareholders),
pursuant to the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Enterprise Income Tax, the Regulations for the Implementation
of the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Enterprise Income Tax and relevant rules and regulations, as a
withholding agent, the Company is required to withhold and pay the enterprise income tax at the tax rate of 10% on
behalf of the overseas non-resident enterprise shareholders.

For the Southbound Shareholders of the Company, the Shanghai branch of China Securities Depository and Clearing
Corporation Limited and the Shenzhen branch of China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited, as the
nominees of the Southbound Shareholders, will receive all dividends distributed by the Company and will distribute the
dividends to the Southbound Shareholders through its depositary and clearing system. According to the relevant
provisions under the “Notice on Tax Policies for Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot Programme (Cai Shui [2014]
No. 81)” and “Notice on Tax Policies for Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot Programme (Cai Shui [2016] No.
127)”, the Company shall withhold individual income tax at the rate of 20% with respect to dividends received by the
Mainland individual investors for investing in the H shares of the Company listed on the Stock Exchange through the
Southbound Trading. In respect of the dividends for the investment of Mainland securities investment funds investing in
the H shares of the Company listed on Stock Exchange through the Southbound Trading, the tax levied on dividends
derived from such investment shall be ascertained by reference to the rules applicable to the treatment of individual
income tax. The Company is not required to withhold income tax on dividends derived by the Mainland enterprise
investors under the Southbound Trading, and such enterprises shall report the income and make tax payment by
themselves.

Should the H share shareholders of the Company have any doubt in relation to the aforesaid arrangements, they are
recommended to consult their tax advisors for relevant tax impact in mainland China, Hong Kong and other countries
(regions) on the possession and disposal of the H shares of the Company.
64     China Communications Services Corporation Limited



REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY
The following table sets out information concerning the directors of the Company as at the date of this report:

Name                                Position in the Company                            Date of the first appointment

Luan Xiaowei                        Executive Director                                 30 January 2024
                                    Chairman                                           30 January 2024

Cui Zhanwei                         Executive Director                                 10 December 2024
                                    President                                          16 October 2024

Shen Aqiang                         Executive Director                                 20 June 2024
                                    Chief Financial Officer                            31 May 2024
                                    Executive Vice President                           31 May 2024

Tang Yongbo                         Non-executive Director                             16 June 2023

Liu Aihua                           Non-executive Director                             30 January 2024

Siu Wai Keung, Francis              Independent Non-executive Director                 28 June 2012

Lv Tingjie                          Independent Non-executive Director                 26 June 2015

Wang Qi                             Independent Non-executive Director                 17 June 2022

Wang Chunge                         Independent Non-executive Director                 17 June 2022


•     On 30 January 2024, Mr. Liu Guiqing resigned as an Executive Director and Chairman of the Company, Mr. Huang
      Zhen resigned as a Non-executive Director of the Company; and on the same day, Mr. Luan Xiaowei was
      appointed as an Executive Director of the Company and was elected as the Chairman by the Board, and Mr. Liu
      Aihua was appointed as a Non-executive Director of the Company.

•     On 31 May 2024, Ms. Zhang Xu resigned as an Executive Director, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
      Officer of the Company; and on the same day, Mr. Shen Aqiang was appointed as the Executive Vice President
      and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, and was appointed as an Executive Director of the Company on 20
      June 2024.

•     Mr. Yan Dong resigned as President of the Company on 16 October 2024 and resigned as an Executive Director
      of the Company on 10 December 2024. Mr. Cui Zhanwei was appointed as the President of the Company on 16
      October 2024 and an Executive Director of the Company on 10 December 2024.

•     On 23 December 2024, Mr. Gao Tongqing resigned as a Non-executive Director of the Company.

The Company has received from each of the Independent Non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”). The Company considers that all of the Independent Non-executive Directors are
independent.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   65

                                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




SUPERVISORS OF THE COMPANY
The following table sets out information concerning the supervisors of the Company as at the date of this report:

Name                         Position in the Company                                  Date of the first appointment

Huang Xudan                  Chairperson of the Supervisory Committee                 30 January 2024

Cai Manli                    Independent Supervisor                                   17 June 2022

Liu Lian                     Employee Representative Supervisor                       17 June 2022


On 30 January 2024, Ms. Huang Xudan was appointed as a supervisor of the Company, and was elected as the
Chairperson of the Supervisory Committee of the Company at the Supervisory Committee meeting held on the same
day.

Profiles of directors, supervisors and senior management of the Company are set out in the “Profiles of Directors,
Supervisors and Senior Management” section of this annual report.


SHARE CAPITAL
The Company was incorporated on 30 August 2006. In December 2006, by way of an initial public offering (the “IPO”),
the Company issued 1,484,986,000 H shares with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each at a price of HK$2.20 per share.
At the same time, the promoters of the Company transferred 148,498,600 domestic state-owned shares with a nominal
value of RMB1.00 each to the National Council for Social Security Fund of the PRC (the “NSSF”) and converted them
into H shares on the basis of one domestic share to one H share. Immediately after the IPO, the registered capital of the
Company amounted to RMB5,444,986,000, of which 1,633,484,600 H shares of the Company were listed and traded
on the Stock Exchange.

On 9 April 2008, the Company announced the completion of placing a total of 359,365,600 H shares, including an issue
of 326,696,000 new H shares and a placement of 32,669,600 H shares on behalf of NSSF upon conversion of the same
number of existing domestic shares of the Company allocated to NSSF by China Telecommunications Corporation (“China
Telecom”). After the completion of placing, the total issued shares of the Company increased to 5,771,682,000 shares,
of which 1,992,850,200 shares were H shares.

As disclosed in the prospectus of the Company dated 27 November 2006, China Telecom entered into equity transfer
arrangements with China Mobile Communications Corporation (now known as China Mobile Communications Group
Co., Ltd. (“China Mobile”)) and China United Telecommunications Corporation (now known as China United Network
Communications Group Company Limited (“China Unicom”)), respectively. Pursuant to the arrangements, China
Telecom agreed to transfer 506,880,000 and 236,300,000 domestic shares to China Mobile and China Unicom,
respectively. On 24 March 2009, the equity transfers were formally completed and became effective. On the same date,
Guangdong Telecom Industry Group Corporation and Zhejiang Telecom Industry Corporation completed the transfers of
236,313,086 and 87,664,532 domestic shares, respectively, to China Telecom.
66      China Communications Services Corporation Limited



REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




According to the equity transfer agreement between China Telecom and China National Postal and Telecommunications
Appliances Corporation (now known as China National Postal and Telecommunications Appliances Co., Ltd.) on 28 May
2010, China Telecom agreed to transfer 108,899,720 domestic shares of the Company to China National Postal and
Telecommunications Appliances Corporation. On 21 June 2011, the equity transfer was formally completed.

Pursuant to the resolutions passed at the extraordinary general meeting, H shareholders class meeting and the domestic
shareholders class meeting of the Company held on 28 June 2011 and as approved by domestic and overseas
regulatory authorities, the Company announced the launch of H share and domestic share rights issue plan of an
aggregate of 1,154,336,400 new shares, including 398,570,040 H rights shares and 755,766,360 domestic rights
shares on the basis of 2 rights shares for every 10 existing shares on 30 December 2011 at the price of HK$3.19 per H
rights share and RMB2.59 per domestic rights share, respectively. On 10 February 2012, dealings in the H rights shares
commenced on the Stock Exchange. After completion of the rights issue, the total number of issued shares of the
Company was increased to 6,926,018,400 shares, including 2,391,420,240 H shares and 4,534,598,160 domestic
shares.

According to the share transfer agreement between China Telecom and State Grid Information & Telecommunication
Group Co., Ltd. on 25 June 2021, China Telecom agreed to transfer 166,000,000 domestic shares of the Company
(representing 2.40% of the total issued share capital of the Company) to State Grid Information & Telecommunication
Group Co., Ltd. In November 2021, the share transfer had formally completed, and the Company made the relevant
announcement on 26 November 2021. Upon the completion of the share transfer, the percentage of shareholding of
China Telecom in the total issued share capital of the Company was adjusted from 51.39% to 48.99%.

As at 31 December 2024, the share capital of the Company was RMB6,926,018,400 divided into 6,926,018,400 shares
with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each. The share capital of the Company was comprised of the following:

                                                                                                       Approximate
                                                                                                      percentage of
                                                                                                       issued share
                                                                                      Number of              capital
Shares                                                                                   shares                 (%)

Domestic shares (Total)                                                            4,534,598,160                65.47

Domestic shares held by:

  China Telecommunications Corporation                                             3,393,362,496                48.99

  China Mobile Communications Group Co., Ltd.                                        608,256,000                 8.78

  China United Network Communications Group Company Limited                          236,300,000                 3.41

  State Grid Information & Telecommunication Group Co., Ltd.                         166,000,000                 2.40

  China National Postal and Telecommunications Appliances Co., Ltd.                  130,679,664                 1.89

H shares (Total)                                                                   2,391,420,240                34.53

Total                                                                              6,926,018,400              100.00
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024     67

                                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




MATERIAL INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY
As at 31 December 2024, the interests or short positions of persons who at any of the Company’s general meetings
(excluding the directors and supervisors of the Company) are entitled to exercise or control the exercise of 5% or more
of the voting power in the shares and underlying shares of equity derivatives of the Company in each class as recorded
in the register required to be maintained under Part XV of Section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap 571
of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”) were as follows:

                                                                                               Percentage
                                                                                              of Domestic      Percentage
                                                                                                   shares/     of the total
                                                                                                  H shares      number of
                            Shares                                         Number of        (if applicable)      shares in
Name of shareholder         Description      Capacity                     shares held                  (%)       issue (%)

China Telecommunications    Domestic shares Beneficial owner           3,393,362,496 (L)             74.83              48.99
  Corporation

China Mobile Communications Domestic shares Beneficial owner            608,256,000 (L)              13.41               8.78
  Group Co., Ltd.

China United Network        Domestic shares Beneficial owner            236,300,000 (L)               5.21               3.41
  Communications Group
  Company Limited

FMR LLC                     H shares         Interests of controlled    167,007,326 (L)               6.98               2.41
                                                corporations


Note: (L) — Long Position


Save as stated above, as at 31 December 2024, in the register required to be maintained under Part XV of Section 336
of the SFO, no other persons were recorded as holding any interests or short positions in the shares or underlying
shares of the equity derivatives of the Company.


DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
As at 31 December 2024, none of the directors and supervisors of the Company had any interests or short positions in
the shares, underlying shares of equity derivatives or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within
the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be maintained under Section 352 of the SFO
or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities
Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers. As at 31 December 2024, the Company had not granted its directors or
supervisors, or their respective spouses or children below the age of 18 any rights to subscribe for the shares or
debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations and none of them has ever exercised any such right to
subscribe for shares or debentures.
68     China Communications Services Corporation Limited



REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




PUBLIC FLOAT
As at the date of this annual report, based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the
knowledge of the directors, the Company has maintained the prescribed public float under the Listing Rules.


DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
Each of the directors and supervisors has entered into a service contract with the Company. According to the service
contract, unless otherwise specified, each of the contracts has an initial term of three years and is renewable in
accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company when the initial term expires. These contracts are terminable
at the option of either party by giving three months’ notice in writing or according to the terms of the contract prior to the
expiry of the contract. No such service contract is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of
compensation (other than statutory compensation).


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
The Company has maintained appropriate directors and officers liability insurance coverage for the directors, supervisors
and senior management of the Company during the course of the financial year ended 31 December 2024 and such
insurance remained in force as of the date of this report.


DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS,
ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
Save for the transactions, arrangements or contracts set out in the “Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Conditions and Results of Operations” section and “Directors’ and Supervisors’ Service Contracts”, “Major Customers
and Suppliers”, “Preferential Treatment and Non-competition Arrangement with China Tower Corporation Limited” and
“Continuing Connected Transactions” in the “Report of the Directors” section of this annual report and note 46 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements, no other transaction, arrangement or contract that is significant in relation to the
Group’s business to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a person who was a Director
or Supervisor of the Company or his or her connected entity had, directly or indirectly, a material interest subsisted at
any time during the year ended 31 December 2024.


EMOLUMENTS OF THE DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS
Based on the Company’s overall remuneration policy and with reference to the payroll standard of the same industry
companies in the market, the Board and the Remuneration Committee determine the remuneration of directors and
supervisors after taking into account the scope and complexities of their duties. Please refer to note 13 to the audited
financial statements for details of the emoluments of the directors and supervisors of the Company in 2024.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   69

                                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




PURCHASE, SALE AND REDEMPTION OF SHARES
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any securities of the Company ((including
sales of treasury shares (as defined under the Listing Rules)) during the reporting period.

As at 31 December 2024, the Company did not have any treasury shares.


SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Please refer to pages 267 to 268 of this annual report for a summary of the operating results, assets and liabilities of the
Group for each of the years in the five-year period ended 31 December 2024.


BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS
Please refer to note 34 to the audited financial statements for details of bank loans and other borrowings of the Group
as at 31 December 2024.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Please refer to note 16 to the audited financial statements for movements in the fixed assets of the Group for the year
ended 31 December 2024.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
Please refer to note 49 to the audited financial statements for details of the movements in the reserves of the Company
for the year ended 31 December 2024.


DONATIONS
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group made charitable and other donations of a total amount of RMB3.7
million.


SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATED COMPANIES AND JOINT VENTURES
Please refer to note 48 and note 22 to the audited financial statements for details of the Company’s subsidiaries, the
Company’s associated companies and joint ventures as at 31 December 2024.


CHANGES IN EQUITY
Please refer to the consolidated statement of changes in equity contained in the audited financial statements (page 191
of this annual report).
70     China Communications Services Corporation Limited



REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




PLAN OF EMPLOYEES’ RETIREMENT BENEFITS
Please refer to note 41 to the audited financial statements for details of the retirement benefits provided by the Group.


SHARE APPRECIATION RIGHTS INCENTIVE SCHEME
At the extraordinary general meeting held by the Company on 22 December 2021, the adoption of the Share
Appreciation Rights Incentive Scheme (the “Scheme”) was approved by the shareholders of the Company. The Board is
of the opinion that the Scheme can further improve the corporate governance structure of the Company, refine the
establishment of the mid- to long-term incentive mechanism of the Company, optimize the remuneration system of the
Company as a whole, and cope with the fierce industry competition and support the Company’s long- term
development. In addition, the Scheme is beneficial for the Company to attract, retain and motivate outstanding
management and core technical personnel, promote the concept of joint sustainable development between the
Company and employees, fully motivate the core management and key personnel of the Company, and support the
realization of the corporate strategy. For details of the Scheme, please refer to the Company’s circular dated 1
December 2021 in relation to, among other things, “Proposed Adoption of Share Appreciation Rights Incentive Scheme
and Proposed Initial Grant”.

On 22 December 2021, the Board and the Remuneration Committee considered and approved the resolution on the
implementation of the Initial Grant of the Share Appreciation Rights. The total number of the Share Appreciation Rights
granted under the Initial Grant is approximately 207.27 million shares, representing 2.993% of the total issued share
capital of the Company. The exercise price of each of the Share Appreciation Rights granted under the Scheme was
HK$3.68. For details of the Initial Grant, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 22 December 2021 in
relation to the “Initial Grant of the Share Appreciation Rights”. Upon the review and approval by the Board and
Remuneration Committee on 11 January 2023, the total number of person under the Initial Grant was 826. The incentive
recipients include the management of the Company, the operational management of provincial companies and
professional companies of the Group, as well as professional talents, and core management, technical and business
personnel, etc. who contributed prominently to the Company’s operating results and sustainable development.

The Scheme would not involve the grant of share options in respect of new shares or other new securities to be issued
by the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) and therefore, it does not fall within the ambit of, and is not subject to the
requirements under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights in the Articles of Association requiring the Company to offer new shares to
the existing shareholders in proportion to their shareholdings.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   71

                                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
For the reporting period, the revenue from sales of goods or rendering of services to the five largest customers (including
China Telecom, China Mobile, China Unicom and China Tower) of the Group represented 55.7% of the total revenues of
the Group; of which, the revenue from the largest customer of the Group represented 39.4% of the total revenues of the
Group. The purchases from the five largest suppliers of the Group accounted for less than 8.8% of the total annual
purchases of the Group.

To the knowledge of the Board, other than China Telecom and China Mobile (both of them being the shareholders
holding more than 5% of the issued share capital of the Company), Mr. Luan Xiaowei and Mr. Tang Yongbo (positions of
them setting out in the “Profiles of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” section of this annual report), none
of the directors of the Company, their close associates, or any shareholder (holding more than 5% of the issued share
capital of the Company) has any interests in such suppliers or customers.


PREFERENTIAL TREATMENT AND NON-COMPETITION ARRANGEMENT
WITH CHINA TOWER CORPORATION LIMITED (“CHINA TOWER”)
In July 2014, China Telecom Corporation Limited, a subsidiary of China Telecom, jointly established China Tower with
China Mobile and China Unicom. Pursuant to the relevant arrangements for the establishment of China Tower, China
Tower has indicated to the Company that:

1.   on condition that it will not result in a breach by China Telecom and the Company of the Non-Competition
     Agreement signed between them, when China Tower invites public tender for the design, construction, supervision
     and maintenance of its telecommunications towers and related ancillary facilities, China Tower will select the
     Company on a preferential basis, provided that the terms are the same;

2.   in the event of an injection of telecommunications assets into China Tower (acquisition by China Tower), the
     existing maintenance agreements entered into between the Company and the respective promoters of China
     Tower will remain valid. Upon the expiration of such maintenance agreements and when China Tower invites
     tender for the maintenance services, China Tower will consider the Company on a preferential basis, provided that
     the terms are the same; and

3.   China Tower will not compete in contravention of the contents of the Non-Competition Agreement.
72    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
China Telecom is the controlling shareholder of the Company. Pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, the
transactions between the Group and China Telecom and its subsidiaries (excluding the Group and including China
Telecom Corporation Limited, collectively the “China Telecom Group”) constitute connected transactions of the Group.
The Group has entered into several connected transaction agreements with certain connected persons of the Group as
described in the paragraphs below. The Company has complied with the disclosure requirements of the connected
transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN THE COMPANY
AND CHINA TELECOM
The Company and China Telecom entered into seven continuing connected transactions agreements on 29 September
2015 to govern the continuing connected transactions between the Group and China Telecom Group. These
agreements include the Engineering Framework Agreement, the Ancillary Telecommunications Services Framework
Agreement, the Operation Support Services Framework Agreement, the IT Application Services Framework Agreement,
the Centralized Services Agreement, the Property Leasing Framework Agreement and the Supplies Procurement
Services Framework Agreement (the “Initial Agreements”). The Initial Agreements had an initial term expired on 31
December 2018 and, subject to approval from the shareholders (if applicable), the Initial Agreements would be
automatically renewed for a further period of no more than three years. Subsequently, the Company entered into the
2018 Supplemental Agreement with China Telecom on 28 September 2018, to extend the term of the Initial Agreements
to 31 December 2021, and on 22 October 2021, it entered into the 2021 Supplemental Agreement with China Telecom
to extend the term of the Initial Agreements to 31 December 2024. All the above renewals of continuing connected
transactions have been approved by the independent shareholders of the Company (if applicable) at the extraordinary
general meeting, where applicable.

On 16 October 2024, the Company entered into the 2024 Supplemental Agreements (the “2024 Supplemental
Agreements”) with China Telecom to extend the term of the Initial Agreement for a term of three years from 1 January
2025 to 31 December 2027. The 2024 Supplemental Agreements and the new annual caps (excluding the new annual
caps for the Centralized Services Agreement and Property Leasing Framework Agreement that did not require any
independent shareholders’ approval under the Listing Rules) were approved by the independent shareholders of the
Company at the extraordinary general meeting held on 10 December 2024.

The Board considers that it is in the interest of the Company to enter into the 2024 Supplemental Agreements and
cooperate with China Telecom Group to ensure a stable revenue source from one of the largest telecommunications
operators in the PRC so as to benefit the Company’s future growth and development.

Details of each of such Agreements are set out below.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   73

                                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




ENGINEERING FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT AND SUPPLEMENTAL
AGREEMENT
Pursuant to the Engineering Framework Agreement, the Company agreed to provide certain engineering related
services, including design, construction, project supervision and management for telecommunications infrastructure
projects undertaken by China Telecom Group.

The charges for engineering services rendered under the Engineering Framework Agreement shall be determined at
market price or prices obtained through tender process. According to the supplemental agreement to the Engineering
Framework Agreement entered into between the Company and China Telecom, the thresholds which the project must
be determined through tender process under the Engineering Framework Agreement include: whenever the value of any
design or project supervision and management project exceeds RMB1 million, or the value of any construction project
exceeds RMB4 million, the award of the relevant project must be subject to a tender process (with a minimum of three
parties tendering bids) in accordance with the Bidding Law of the PRC and Regulation on the Implementation of the
Bidding Law of the PRC, except as otherwise provided by other related laws and regulations. In determining the market
price, the business and financial departments of the relevant subsidiary of the Company shall collect the relevant market
information (including but not limited to the change in price for the same or similar type of services), review and compare
the costs and profits of transactions conducted in the most recent year of the same or similar type entered into with
China Telecom Group or independent third parties, and prepare fee quotes for review by the marketing department of
the relevant subsidiary of the Company. The marketing department or management of the relevant subsidiary of the
Company shall primarily consider the following factors: (i) cost of service; (ii) prices of at least three comparable
transactions of the same or similar type of services provided to China Telecom Group by other service providers in the
market, which are primarily obtained from public bidding websites and bidding result announcements; (iii) prices of at
least three comparable transactions of the same or similar type of services provided to China Telecom Group and
independent third parties previously by the Company.

The Company will be given priority by China Telecom Group in the provision of the engineering services except in the
tender process, provided that the terms and conditions offered by independent third parties to China Telecom Group
are no more favorable than those offered by the Company for the same type of services, and in return, the Company
has undertaken to China Telecom Group that the Company shall not provide services to it on terms which are less
favorable than those offered by the Company to independent third parties. The payment for engineering services
provided by the Company under the Engineering Framework Agreement is normally made in accordance with the work
progress of practical work following the general market practice in the industry.


ANCILLARY TELECOMMUNICATIONS SERVICES FRAMEWORK
AGREEMENT AND SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT
Pursuant to the Ancillary Telecommunications Services Framework Agreement, the Company agreed to provide to China
Telecom Group certain ancillary telecommunications services including maintenance of network facilities including
equipment, ducts and cables, server rooms and base stations; distribution of telecommunications products and
services; provision of comprehensive logistics services, including purchasing agent, warehousing, transportation,
delivery, testing and inspection, logistics information management and distribution; provision of application, content and
other services such as fixed-line value added services, wireless value added services, Internet value added services, and
electronic authentication.
74     China Communications Services Corporation Limited



REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




The Ancillary Telecommunications Services Framework Agreement stipulates that the Ancillary Telecommunications
Services shall be provided at:

(a)   market price. In determining the market price, the business and financial departments of the relevant subsidiary of
      the Company shall collect the relevant market information (including but not limited to the change in price for the
      same or similar type of services), review and compare the costs and profits of transactions conducted in the most
      recent year of the same or similar type entered into with China Telecom Group or independent third parties, and
      prepare fee quotes for review by the marketing department of the relevant subsidiary of the Company. The
      marketing department or management of the relevant subsidiary of the Company shall primarily consider the
      following factors: (i) cost of service; (ii) prices of at least three comparable transactions of the same or similar type
      of services provided to China Telecom Group by other service providers in the market, which are primarily obtained
      from public bidding websites and bidding result announcements; (iii) prices of at least three comparable
      transactions of the same or similar type of services provided to China Telecom Group and independent third
      parties previously by the Company;

(b)   in the absence of market price or where the market price cannot be determined, the price shall be agreed between
      both parties, which shall be the aggregate amount of reasonable costs, the relevant taxes in sales and reasonable
      profits. In determining such cost and profits, the business and financial departments of the relevant subsidiary of
      the Company will (i) review and compare the costs and profit margins of similar and comparable transactions
      conducted in the most recent year entered into with China Telecom Group or independent third parties or (ii)
      where such comparison is not practicable, consider for reference the recent profit margins of comparable
      enterprises engaging in providing similar services in the relevant industry. Factors considered would also include,
      but not limited to, the scale of the comparable enterprises, quality of services, transaction size, supply and
      demand, labor cost, local commodity prices and economic development levels.

The Company will be given priority by China Telecom Group in the provision of the ancillary telecommunications
services, provided that the terms and conditions offered by independent third parties to China Telecom Group are no
more favorable than those offered by the Company for the same services. In return, the Company has undertaken to
China Telecom Group that the Company and its subsidiaries shall not provide ancillary telecommunications services to it
on terms which are less favorable than those offered by the Company to independent third parties. Subject to the terms
and conditions set out above, the payment for the ancillary telecommunications services is made in the manner provided
for in each specific contract entered into between the parties with reference to the market practices.


OPERATION SUPPORT SERVICES FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT AND
SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT
The Operation Support Services Framework Agreement governs the arrangements between the Group and China
Telecom Group with respect to mutual provision of operation support services. Pursuant to this agreement, the
Company agreed to provide to China Telecom Group operation support services, including management services
covering property management, facility maintenance and intelligent control maintenance of communication buildings,
instrument and tool management, labor management, and logistics business management, real estate agency services,
automotive services, purchasing agent services, advertisement, housing and building maintenance, contracted repairs,
leasing of equipment, conferencing services, food and beverages, medical care, education and training. China Telecom
Group also agreed to provide operation support services, including logistics services, medical care, food and beverages,
daycare, education and training, hotel and travelling services, labor services and materials rental to the Company.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   75

                                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




The Operation Support Services Framework Agreement shall adopt the same pricing policy as the Ancillary
Telecommunications Services Framework Agreement. In addition, in determining the market price of the operation
support services provided to the Company by China Telecom Group, the Company primarily considered the following
factors: (i) prices of at least two comparable transactions of the same or similar type of services provided to the
Company by other service providers in the market; (ii) prices of at least two comparable transactions of the same or
similar type of services provided to the Company by China Telecom Group and independent third parties previously.
Subject to the terms and conditions set out above, the payment for the operation support services is made in the
manner provided for in each specific contract entered into between the parties with reference to the market practices.

Each of the parties to the Operation Support Services Framework Agreement will accord priority to the other party in the
provision of the operation support services, provided that the terms and conditions offered by independent third parties
to the relevant party are no more favorable than those offered by the other party for the same services, and in return,
each of the parties has undertaken to the other that it shall not provide services to the other on terms which are less
favorable than those offered to independent third parties.


IT APPLICATION SERVICES FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT AND
SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT
The IT Application Services Framework Agreement governs the arrangements between the Group and China Telecom
Group with respect to mutual provision of IT application services. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company agreed to
provide China Telecom Group with telecommunications network support services, software and hardware development
and other related IT services. China Telecom Group also agreed to provide to the Company certain IT application
services including voice and data, value added services and information application services.

The IT Application Services Framework Agreement shall adopt the same pricing policy as the Engineering Framework
Agreement. In addition, in determining the market price of the IT application services provided to the Company by China
Telecom Group, the Company primarily considers the following factors: (i) prices of at least three comparable
transactions of the same or similar type of services provided to the Company by other service providers in the market;(ii)
prices of at least three comparable transactions of the same or similar type of services provided to the Company by
China Telecom Group and independent third parties previously. Subject to the terms and conditions set out above, the
payment for the IT application service is made in the manner provided for in each specific contract entered into between
the parties with reference to the market practices.

Each of the parties to the IT Application Services Framework Agreement will accord priority to the other party in the
provision of the IT application services, provided that the terms and conditions offered by independent third parties to
the relevant party are no more favorable than those offered by the other party for the same services, and in return, each
of the parties has undertaken to the other that it shall not provide services to the other on terms which are less favorable
than those offered to independent third parties.


CENTRALIZED SERVICES AGREEMENT AND SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT
Pursuant to the Centralized Services Agreement, the centralized services to be provided by the Company to China
Telecom Group include:

(a)   the corporate headquarters management function to manage assets of China Telecom’s certain retained
      specialized telecommunications support businesses in the PRC (other than the Group) and any remaining assets,
      such as hotels, manufacturing plants, schools and hospitals which are not in association with the specialized
      telecommunications support businesses in the primary service areas of the Group; and

(b)   the provincial headquarters management function to manage remaining assets of China Telecom in the primary
      service areas of the Group.
76     China Communications Services Corporation Limited



REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




Except as otherwise agreed by the parties, the aggregate administrative expenses incurred by the Company for the
provision of the centralized services referred to above (all expenses incurred in connection with the above-mentioned
headquarters management functions excluding remuneration for the Directors, share appreciation rights and provision of
bad debts) will be apportioned pro rata between the Company and China Telecom Group according to the proportional
net asset value of each of the relevant parties.


PROPERTY LEASING FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT AND SUPPLEMENTAL
AGREEMENT
The Property Leasing Framework Agreement governs the arrangements with respect to the mutual leasing of properties
between the Group and China Telecom Group. China Telecom Group currently lease from the Company and its
subsidiaries certain properties for use as business premises, offices, equipment storage facilities and sites for network
equipment. The Company and its subsidiaries also lease from China Telecom Group certain properties for use as
business premises, offices and equipment storage facilities. These arrangements fall within the Property Leasing
Framework Agreement.

The rental charges in respect of each property are determined at market price. In determining the market price, the
business and financial departments of the relevant subsidiary of the Company shall collect the relevant market
information (including but not limited to the change in price for the same or similar type of services), review and compare
the costs and profits of transactions conducted in the most recent year of the same or similar type entered into with
China Telecom Group or independent third parties, and prepare fee quotes for review by the marketing department of
the relevant subsidiary of the Company. The marketing department or management of the relevant subsidiary of the
Company shall primarily consider the following factors: (1) cost of property depreciation; (2) rental charges of at least
three comparable transactions of the same or similar type of property provided to China Telecom Group and the
Company by independent third parties in the market; (3) rental charges of at least three comparable transactions of the
same or similar type of property provided to China Telecom Group and independent third parties by the Company
previously, or rental charges of the same or similar type of property provided to the Company by China Telecom Group
and independent third parties previously. Rental charges are payable monthly in arrears, except as otherwise agreed by
the parties. Both parties will review the rental every three years and decide, after negotiation, on whether to adjust the
rental charges and the amount of such adjustment.


SUPPLIES PROCUREMENT SERVICES FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT AND
SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT
Pursuant to the Supplies Procurement Services Framework Agreement, the Company agreed to provide to China
Telecom Group with comprehensive supplies procurement services, including, among others, (i) procurement of
imported telecommunications supplies, domestic telecommunications supplies and domestic non-telecommunications
supplies; (ii) agency services of supplies procurement; (iii) sales of telecommunications supplies manufactured by the
Group; (iv) resale of supplies purchased from independent third parties; and (v) management of biddings, verification of
technical specifications, warehousing, transportation and installation services.

According to the same agreement, China Telecom agreed to provide to the Group with comprehensive supplies
procurement services, including (i) sales of telecommunications supplies manufactured by China Telecom Group, (ii)
resale of supplies purchased from independent third parties; (iii) agency services of supplies procurement; and (iv)
warehousing, transportation and installation services. The procurement services provided by China Telecom Group to
the Company primarily cover the specific products or terminals manufactured or purchased by China Telecom Group.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   77

                                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




The price for the provision of comprehensive supplies procurement services under the Supplies Procurement Services
Framework Agreement is determined as follows:

(a)   1% of the contract value at the maximum for procurement services relating to imported telecommunications
      supplies, which is determined based on the common market practices;

(b)   3% of the contract value at the maximum for procurement services relating to domestic telecommunications
      supplies and other domestic non-telecommunications materials, which is determined based on the common
      market practices;

(c)   for other services:

      (i)    market price. In determining the market price, the business and financial departments of the relevant
             subsidiary of the Company shall collect the relevant market information (including but not limited to the
             change in price for the same or similar type of services), review and compare the costs and profits of
             transactions conducted in the most recent year of the same or similar type entered into with China Telecom
             Group or independent third parties, and prepare fee quotes for review by the marketing department of the
             relevant subsidiary of the Company. The marketing department or management of the relevant subsidiary of
             the Company shall primarily consider the following factors: (i) cost of service; (ii) prices of at least three
             comparable transactions of the same or similar type of services provided to China Telecom Group or the
             Company by other service providers in the market, which are primarily obtained from public bidding websites
             and bidding result announcements; (iii) prices of at least three comparable transactions of the same or similar
             type of services provided to China Telecom Group and independent third parties by the Company, or prices
             of at least three comparable transactions of the same or similar type of services provided to the Company by
             China Telecom Group and independent third parties;

      (ii)   in the absence of market price or where the market price cannot be determined, the price shall be agreed
             between both parties, which shall be the aggregate amount of reasonable costs, the taxes in sales and
             reasonable profits. In determining such price, the business and financial departments of the relevant
             subsidiary of the Company will review and compare the costs and profits of transactions conducted in the
             most recent year of the same or similar type entered into with China Telecom Group or independent third
             parties, take into account factors such as historical price, transaction size, average profit ratio within the
             relevant industry, supply and demand, labor cost, local commodity prices and economic development levels,
             and prepare fee proposals for review by the marketing department of the relevant subsidiary of the
             Company.

The Group will be given priority by China Telecom Group in the provision of comprehensive logistics services, provided
that the terms and conditions offered by independent third parties to China Telecom Group are no more favorable than
those offered by the Company for the same services, and in return, the Company has undertaken to China Telecom that
the Company and its subsidiaries shall not provide supplies procurement related comprehensive logistic services to it on
terms which are less favorable than those offered by the Company and its subsidiaries to independent third parties.
78    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN THE COMPANY
AND CHINA TELECOM GROUP FINANCE CO., LTD. (“CHINA TELECOM
FINANCE”)
On 1 February 2019, the Company and China Telecom Finance entered into the Financial Services Framework
Agreement (“2019 Financial Services Framework Agreement”). The 2019 Financial Services Framework Agreement was
with effect from 1 February 2019 until 31 December 2021. Subject to the compliance with relevant laws and regulations
and relevant regulatory requirements, both parties shall negotiate and agree on the renewal arrangement. Upon the
2019 Financial Services Framework Agreement becoming effective, each of the services under the Financial Services
Framework Agreement, except the deposit services, can be provided by China Telecom Finance to the Group
immediately in accordance with the business scope of China Telecom Finance as approved by the National Financial
Regulatory Administration (the former China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Committee). The deposit services under
the 2019 Financial Services Framework Agreement and the annual cap were approved by the independent shareholders
of the Company at the extraordinary general meeting held on 18 April 2019.

China Telecom Finance was jointly established by China Telecom, China Telecom Corporation Limited (“China Telecom
Corporation”) and the Company, representing 15%, 70% and 15% of the total registered capital of China Telecom
Finance, respectively. Given China Telecom is the controlling shareholder of the Company, China Telecom Corporation
is a subsidiary of China Telecom, and thus China Telecom Finance is a connected person of the Company under
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules as an associate of the Company’s substantial shareholder. Accordingly, the transaction
under the Financial Services Framework Agreement constitutes a continuing connected transaction of the Company.

The 2019 Financial Services Framework Agreement had expired on 31 December 2021, and the Company entered into
the 2021 Financial Services Framework Agreement (“2021 Financial Services Framework Agreement”) with China
Telecom Finance on 22 October 2021 to extend the term of 2019 Financial Services Framework Agreement for three
years from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2024. The deposit services under the 2021 Financial Services Framework
Agreement and the annual caps were approved by the independent shareholders of the Company at the extraordinary
general meeting held on 22 December 2021.

As the 2021 Financial Services Framework Agreement had expired on 31 December 2024, the Company entered into
the 2024 Financial Services Framework Agreement (“2024 Financial Services Framework Agreement”) with China
Telecom Finance on 12 July 2024 to extend the term of 2021 Financial Services Framework Agreement for three years
from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2027. The deposit services under the 2024 Financial Services Framework
Agreement and the annual caps were approved by the independent shareholders of the Company at the extraordinary
general meeting held on 10 December 2024.

Details of the Financial Services Framework Agreements are set out below.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   79

                                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




FINANCIAL SERVICES FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT
Pursuant to the 2024 Financial Services Framework Agreement, China Telecom Finance has agreed to provide financial
services to the Group, including deposit services, loan and bill discounting services and other financial services. The
Group and China Telecom Finance will cooperate on a non-exclusive basis, and the Group may select at its discretion
other financial institutions to provide the relevant financial services. The terms of the financial services offered to the
Group by China Telecom Finance shall be equivalent to or more favorable than those offered to the Group by the major
cooperative commercial banks of the Group for the financial services in the same period and of the same type. China
Telecom Finance shall provide the following financial services to the Group in accordance with the major terms set out
above, with relevant pricing policies as below:


(i)   Deposit Services
      The deposit interest rates offered by China Telecom Finance to the Group shall comply with the relevant
      requirements of the People’s Bank of China and be with reference to the deposit benchmark interest rates
      promulgated by the People’s Bank of China from time to time (if any) and the deposit interest rates offered by the
      major cooperative commercial banks of the Group for the deposit services in the same period and of the same
      type, and the deposit services shall be conducted on normal commercial terms or better. The deposit interest
      rates offered by China Telecom Finance shall be equivalent to or higher than those provided by the major
      cooperative commercial banks of the Group. Under the same conditions, the interest rates of the deposits services
      provided by China Telecom Finance to the Group shall be the same as those offered by China Telecom Finance to
      other member companies of China Telecom for the deposit services in the same period and of the same type.


(ii) Loan and Bill Discounting Services
      The interest rates for loan and bill discounting offered by China Telecom Finance to the Group shall comply with
      the relevant requirements of the People’s Bank of China and be with reference to the loan benchmark interest
      rates promulgated by the People’s Bank of China from time to time (if any) and the interest rates offered by the
      major cooperative commercial banks of the Group for the loan services in the same period and of the same type
      and bill discounting services in the same period and of the same type and amount, and the loan and bill
      discounting services shall be conducted on normal commercial terms or better. The interest rates for loan and bill
      discounting offered by China Telecom Finance shall be equivalent to or lower than those provided by the major
      cooperative commercial banks of the Group. Under the same conditions, the interest rates for loan and bill
      discounting provided by China Telecom Finance to the Group shall be the same as those offered by China
      Telecom Finance to other member companies of China Telecom for the loan services in the same period and of
      the same type and bill discounting services in the same period and of same type and amount.

      China Telecom Finance offers loan and bill discounting services conducted on normal commercial terms or better
      to the Group. The Group will not be required by China Telecom Finance to provide guarantee by any of the
      Group’s assets or through other means for the loan and bill discounting services provided to the Group.


(iii) Other Financial Services
      China Telecom Finance will provide other financial services, including settlement, collection and payment of funds,
      provision of entrusted loans, bonds underwriting, non-financing guarantees, financial advice, credit authentication,
      consulting and agency services, bill acceptance, provision of product buyer credit and consumer credit and other
      services approved by the NFRA under the 2024 Financial Services Framework Agreement.
80    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




     The fees charged for providing the other financial services mentioned above by China Telecom Finance to the
     Group shall comply with the fees standard promulgated by regulatory authorities including the People’s Bank of
     China or the NFRA (if applicable), and be with reference to the handling fees standard charged by the major
     cooperative commercial banks of the Group for the other financial services of the same type, and the other
     financial services shall be conducted on normal commercial terms or better. The handling fees standard shall be
     equivalent to or lower than those charged by the major cooperative commercial banks of the Group. Under the
     same conditions, the fees standard charged to the Group by China Telecom Finance shall be the same as those
     charged to other member companies of China Telecom by China Telecom Finance for the other financial services
     of the same type.

For each of the specific transactions with China Telecom Finance under the 2024 Financial Services Framework
Agreement, China Telecom Finance has been appointed as one of the financial institutions to provide financial services
to the Group under the terms and conditions of the 2024 Financial Services Framework Agreement. Prior to entering into
any specific agreements with China Telecom Finance in respect of the transactions under the 2024 Financial Services
Framework Agreement, the Group will compare the rates or fees and the other relevant transaction terms offered by
China Telecom Finance with the terms of three comparable transactions offered by the major cooperative commercial
banks of the Group for the deposits, loans or other financial services in the same period and of the same type. Only
when the rates or fees or the other relevant transaction terms (e.g. transaction approval conditions, procedures or time
limit) offered by China Telecom Finance are equivalent to or more favorable than those offered by the major cooperative
commercial banks of the Group, the Group may enter into transactions with China Telecom Finance at its discretion.
Under the circumstances which the Group considers appropriate, the Group may engage additional or other financial
institutions other than China Telecom Finance to provide financial services.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2024      81

                                                                                   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




The following table sets out the annual caps and actual amounts of the above-mentioned continuing connected
transactions of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024, and the annual caps for the year of 2025 to 2027:

                                                                                                Unit: RMB million

                                                  Year ended                  Year ending 31 December
                                               31 December 2024               2025          2026        2027
                                                Annual        Actual        Annual        Annual      Annual
                                                   Cap      Amounts            Cap           Cap         Cap

Transactions with China Telecom Group

Engineering related services provided to
  China Telecom Group                           28,000         23,185        30,000        32,000              34,000

Ancillary telecommunications services
  provided to China Telecom Group               28,000         19,396        29,000        30,000              31,000

Operation support services provided to/by
  China Telecom Group

  Revenue                                        6,000          4,911         6,500         7,000               7,500

  Expenditure                                    1,200           755          1,200         1,200               1,200

IT application services provided to/by
   China Telecom Group

  Revenue                                        9,500          7,976        13,000        15,500              18,000

  Expenditure                                    2,000           940          1,800         2,000               2,200

Centralized services provided to
  China Telecom Group                              550           394            550           550                550

Property leasing provided to/by
  China Telecom Group

  Revenue                                          370           190            300           310                320

  Expenditure

    Right-of-use Assets                            650           228            300           300                300

    Leasing Charges                                350           136            250           250                250

Supplies procurement services provided to/by
  China Telecom Group

  Revenue                                        8,500          3,475         6,000         7,000               8,000

  Expenditure                                    6,000          3,510         7,000         8,000               9,000

Transactions with China Telecom Finance

Maximum daily balance of deposits under
 the deposit services provided by
 China Telecom Finance (including the
 interest accrued thereon)                       8,500          8,476        12,500        12,500              12,500
82    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




The independent non-executive directors of the Company have confirmed that all the continuing connected transactions
for the year ended 31 December 2024 to which the Group was a party:

1.   had been entered into by the Group in the ordinary and usual course of business;

2.   had been entered into on normal commercial terms or better; and

3.   had been entered into according to the agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in
     the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

The independent non-executive directors have further confirmed that:

The values of the continuing connected transactions entered into between the Group and its connected persons which
are subject to annual caps have not exceeded their respective annual caps or revised annual caps.

The auditors of the Company have performed procedures in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance
Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information”
and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the
Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants on the continuing
connected transactions and issued a letter to the Board to advise that:

1.   nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the continuing connected transactions
     disclosed above have not been approved by the Board;

2.   for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention that
     causes them to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing
     policies of the Company;

3.   nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the transactions were not entered into, in all
     material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions;

4.   with respect to the actual amount of each of the continuing connected transactions, nothing has come to their
     attention that causes them to believe that those actual amounts have exceeded the annual caps.

Save as disclosed above, none of other related-party transactions set out in the note 46 of the consolidated financial
statements constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions that are required to be disclosed
under the Listing Rules.


COMPLIANCE WITH CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
Please see the “Corporate Governance Report” set out in this annual report for details of our compliance with the
Corporate Governance Code.


MATERIAL LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Except for the disclosure in this annual report, as at 31 December 2024, so far as the directors are aware, the Company
was not involved in any material litigation or arbitration and no material litigation or claims had been made against, or
were pending or threatened against the Company.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   83

                                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




RISK FACTORS
The following section lists out the principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group. It is a non-exhaustive list and
there may be other risks and uncertainties further to the key risk areas outlined below.


1.   The business of the Group may be affected by the economic, political and
     social conditions as well as government policies in China
     As substantially all businesses, assets and operations of the Group are located in China, the Group’s operating
     results, financial status and business prospect depend on the economic, political and social developments of
     China to a large extent.

     In recent years, China is one of the countries with the fastest pace of economic growth around the globe in terms
     of GDP. However, the current growth rate may not be sustainable. Moreover, any future disaster, such as natural
     disaster and outbreak of epidemics would potentially slow down the level of economic activities, and in turn affect
     the economic growth of China, Asia and even the world. If any of the above mentioned reasons causes serious
     economic downturn in China, or causes the Group could not carry out and deliver its businesses normally, the
     Group’s financial status, operating results and prospect may be adversely affected.


2.   The business of the Group is closely related to the investment and operating
     conditions in the Chinese telecommunications sector
     Demands in the Group’s services will be affected by the level of capital expenditures of telecommunications
     infrastructure of the telecommunications operators in China. Such decreases in capital expenditures may have
     adverse effect to the Group’s revenue and profits.

     Moreover, in the event that the competition in the Chinese telecommunications sector continues to intensify, the
     telecommunications operator customers of the Group may be under the pressure to reduce prices of their
     products or services, thus leading to the decrease in their revenue. If that happens, such telecommunications
     customers may reduce the service fees to our Company in relation to certain businesses for cost cutting, with a
     view to maintaining their profitability.


3.   The business of the Group is working capital intensive in respect of services
     offered to customers
     During our course of business, the Group shall incur considerable working capital expenditures to make
     procurements for goods and services required for the provision of services to the clients of the Group and for the
     completion of projects. In the past, the Company has satisfied the working capital needs primarily by cash from
     operating activities and its own fund. A deficiency in working capital may affect the Group’s business, financial
     status and operating results. Moreover, the Group’s customers may delay payment or default in accounts
     receivables, which may have adverse effect on the cash flows, working capital, financial status and operating
     results of the Company.


4.   The Group is under certain risks in relation to international business and
     operation
     The Group is dedicated in expanding into overseas market and strategically expanding overseas operations. The
     expansion into markets outside China will subject us to considerable risks, including the changes of the
     international political situation, differences in business environment, high entry barrier imposed on foreign
     enterprises, existing market players, exchange rate fluctuations, legal and regulatory requirements, potentially
     unfavorable tax liabilities, inexperience in new markets, competition in the local markets and protectionism.
84    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




     Part of our business is conducted overseas and mainly located in developing countries and regions, where the
     local political and economic conditions are often unstable and such factors are beyond our control. As we have
     engaged in overseas business, we are subject to various risks related to the countries and regions where we
     operate.


AUDITORS
PricewaterhouseCoopers and PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP was the international and domestic auditors of
the Company respectively for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023.

Reference was made to the announcement dated 27 August 2024 in relation to the proposed appointment of a new
auditor and the announcement dated 10 December 2024 in relation to poll results of the extraordinary general meeting
and the appointment of auditors, and the appointments of KPMG and KPMG Huazhen LLP as the Company’s
international auditor and domestic auditor, respectively, for the year of 2024 were approved by the shareholders of the
Company at the extraordinary general meeting held on 10 December 2024. KPMG has audited the accompanying
financial statements, which were prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards.

Upon the recommendation of the Audit Committee of the Company, the Board has resolved to propose to the
shareholders of the Company the re-appointments of KPMG and KPMG Huazhen LLP as the international and domestic
auditors of the Company for the year ending 31 December 2025, and a resolution for their re-appointments will be
proposed at the Company’s upcoming 2024 AGM.




By order of the Board




Luan Xiaowei
Executive Director and Chairman

Beijing, PRC
27 March 2025
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   85


                                    REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE


Dear Shareholders,

During the reporting period, all members of the Supervisory Committee conscientiously performed their supervisory
duties and earnestly safeguarded the interests of the shareholders and the Company in accordance with the relevant
requirements including the PRC Company Law and the Articles of Association of the Company.

During the reporting period, the Supervisory Committee convened three meetings. At the sixth meeting of the sixth
session of the Supervisory Committee convened on 30 January 2024, we reviewed and approved the proposal on
electing Ms. Huang Xudan as the Chairperson of the Supervisory Committee of the Company and a resolution was
formed. At the seventh meeting of the sixth session of the Supervisory Committee convened on 21 March 2024, we
reviewed and approved proposals such as the Company’s 2023 financial report, 2023 auditors’ report issued by the
external auditors, profit allocation and dividend distribution plan for 2023, the Company’s work report on risk
management and internal control for 2023, the report of the Supervisory Committee for 2023, the work plan of the
Supervisory Committee for 2024 and formed resolutions. Such meeting made relevant management suggestions to the
enhancement of internal management and risk prevention of the Company. At the eighth meeting of the sixth session of
the Supervisory Committee convened on 22 August 2024, we reviewed and approved proposals such as the Interim
Financial Report for 2024 and the Company’s work report on risk management and internal control for the first half of
2024 and formed resolutions. During the reporting period, the members of the Supervisory Committee attended the
board meetings and general meetings of the Company for 2024. By attending these meetings, the Supervisory
Committee supervised important decision-making of the Company and the duty performance of the members of the
Board and senior management.

The Supervisory Committee is of the opinion that during the reporting period, the Company seized the opportunities of
digital transformation, continued to innovate and transform, and adhered to market-oriented allocation of resources
while strengthening corporate management as well as fulfilling social responsibility. In 2024, the Company’s total
revenues maintained a positive growth and amounted to RMB150,000 million and net profit amounted to RMB3,607
million. The Company’s financial position remained stable, its operating performance continued to improve, its measures
on quality and efficiency improvement were effective, and the company’s value continued to increase.

The Supervisory Committee is of the opinion that, in 2024, all members of the Board and senior management of the
Company complied with applicable laws and regulations, and performed their duties in accordance with the Articles of
Association of the Company. They also safeguarded the legitimate interests of the shareholders, the Company and its
employees, earnestly implemented various resolutions of the general meetings and the board meetings, and operated
strictly in accordance with the regulatory requirements for a listed company. The Supervisory Committee was not aware
of any violation of relevant PRC laws and regulations and the Articles of Association, or any acts which would prejudice
the interests of the Company.

The Supervisory Committee carefully reviewed the information proposed to be submitted by the Board to the general
meeting such as the Financial Report for 2024 which was prepared according to relevant requirements and issued with
unqualified opinion by the external auditors. The Supervisory Committee is of the opinion that the financial report gives
an objective and true view of the Company’s financial position and operating results.

In 2025, the Supervisory Committee will continue to strictly comply with the relevant requirements of the PRC Company
Law and the Articles of Association of the Company and assume the responsibilities of safeguarding the interests of the
shareholders and the benefits of the Company, focusing on the supervision of the Company’s implementation of its
commitment to shareholders and expanding our scope of work approach, with a view to enhancing our supervision and
inspection efforts in major adjustments and important operating activities and duly performing our duties in a thoughtful
manner.

By order of the Supervisory Committee




Huang Xudan
Chairperson of the Supervisory Committee

Beijing, PRC
21 March 2025
86    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Company is committed to maintaining sound corporate governance standards and procedures to ensure the
completeness, transparency and quality of its information disclosure, and strives to achieve more standardized
operational procedures and effective management, so as to safeguard shareholders’ interests to the greatest extent.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
As a joint stock limited company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”), the Company has not only complied with the relevant provisions of the Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”), but also abided
by the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (“PRC Company Law”) and other applicable laws, regulations
and regulatory requirements of Hong Kong and the PRC as basic guidelines for the Company’s corporate governance.
While strictly complying with relevant laws and regulations and also referencing good corporate governance practices,
the Group is continually striving to further strengthen its internal control and risk management systems in order to
improve its corporate governance standards and transparency.

The Company has been recognized by the capital market for its sound corporate governance over the years. In 2024,
the Company continued to receive accolades in respect of its corporate management and ESG performance by
international institutions such as The Asset and Corporate Governance Asia .

The Board is responsible for performing corporate governance duties, including developing and reviewing the
Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance; reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous
professional development of directors and senior management as well as the Company’s policies and practices in
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct and
compliance manual applicable to employees and directors; and reviewing the Company’s compliance with the Corporate
Governance Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

The Board believes that the Company complied with all code provisions as set out in the Corporate Governance Code in
Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules for the year ended 31 December 2024.

In response to the requirement of diversity on the Board under Rule 13.92 of the Listing Rules, the Board has already
been proactively identifying a suitable candidate for a female director since the resignation of the former executive
director, Ms. Zhang Xu. As stated in the announcement dated 27 March 2025, the Board has approved the nomination
of Ms. Chiu Mun Wai as an independent non executive director of the Company and will submit the proposal on such
proposed appointment to the 2024 AGM for consideration and approval by the shareholders of the Company.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   87

                                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




CORPORATE STRUCTURE OF THE COMPANY



                                                         General Meeting
              Strategy Committee



                                                                                                   Supervisory
                                                        Board of Directors
                Audit Committee                                                                    Committee




           Remuneration Committee
                                                             Chairman



             Nomination Committee


                                                             President

               Non-competition
              Undertaking Review
                 Committee

                                                          Executive Vice
                                                            Presidents
              Right of First Refusal
               and Priority Right
                  Committee




GENERAL MEETING
Pursuant to the Company’s Articles of Association, the general meetings are classified as annual general meeting (the
“AGM”) and extraordinary general meeting (the “EGM”). The AGM is convened once a year and within six months after
the end of a financial year. A resolution will be proposed for consideration in respect of each independent matter. The
details of the voting procedures will be set out in the notices of the general meetings in accordance with the provisions
of the Articles of Association and the Listing Rules. In accordance with the relevant provisions of the Listing Rules and
the PRC Company Law, notices and circulars of general meetings are given to shareholders promptly, providing
shareholders sufficient notice and time to consider the matters to be considered at the meeting, with details of the voting
procedures set out in the notices of the general meetings. The Chairman of the Company should attend and chair the
general meetings, and all the directors of the Company (in particular, the chairman of the committees of the Board) shall
be invited to attend the general meetings to address any questions that may be raised by the shareholders at the
general meetings. In addition, the Company has formulated the Rules of Procedure for the General Meeting which sets
out the appropriate arrangements for convening, shareholders’ proposing, attending and voting at the general meetings.
In accordance with the Listing Rules, all the resolutions were voted by poll in the general meetings held in 2024.
88     China Communications Services Corporation Limited



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




For the 2024 first EGM, a physical meeting was held in Beijing on 30 January 2024, at which the resolutions, including
the appointments of directors and supervisor were considered and approved. Shareholders and authorized proxies
representing 81.58% of the total voting shares of the Company were present at the EGM.

For the 2023 AGM, a physical meeting was held in Beijing on 20 June 2024, at which the resolutions, including the 2023
financial statements, profit distribution and dividend declaration proposal, report of the directors, report of the
supervisory committee and appointment of an executive director, were considered and approved. Shareholders and
authorized proxies representing 82.03% of the total voting shares of the Company were present at the AGM.

For the 2024 second EGM, a physical meeting was held in Beijing on 10 December 2024, at which the resolutions,
including the renewal of the non-exempt continuing connected transactions and proposed new annual caps between
the Company and China Telecommunications Corporation, the non-exempt continuing connected transactions and
proposed new annual caps under the 2024 Financial Services Framework Agreement entered into between the
Company and China Telecom Group Finance Co., Ltd., the appointment of auditors and the appointment of executive
director were considered and approved. Pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, China Telecommunications
Corporation, being a connected person to the Company, abstained from voting on the resolutions related to the
connected transactions. Related to the resolutions of connected transactions, shareholders and authorized proxies
representing 65.95% of the total voting shares of the Company in relation to such resolutions were present at the EGM.
On other resolutions, shareholders and authorized proxies representing 82.63% of the total voting shares of the
Company in relation to such resolutions were present at the EGM

The above resolutions at the general meetings were approved and passed by shareholders, and details of the relevant
poll results were published on the websites of the Company and “HKExnews” of the Stock Exchange.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS TO CONVENE GENERAL MEETINGS AND
SUBMIT PROPOSALS AT GENERAL MEETINGS
Pursuant to Article 8.24 of the Company’s Articles of Association, shareholders who request for convening an EGM or a
class meeting shall comply with the following procedures:

(1)   Two (2) or more shareholders holding in aggregate 10% or more of the shares carrying the right to vote at the
      meeting sought to be held shall sign one (1) or more counterpart requisition(s) stating the object of the meeting
      and requiring the Board to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a class meeting thereof. The Board shall
      as soon as possible proceed to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a class meeting thereof after receipt
      of such requisition(s). The amount of shareholdings referred to above shall be calculated as at the date of deposit
      of the requisition(s).

(2)   If the Board fails to issue a notice of such a meeting within thirty (30) days from the date of receipt of the
      requisition(s), the requisitionists may themselves convene such a meeting (in a manner as similar as possible to the
      manner in which general meetings are convened by the Board) within four (4) months from the date of receipt of
      the requisition(s) by the Board.

Pursuant to Article 8.6 of the Company’s Articles of Association, when the Company convenes a general meeting,
shareholder(s) holding 3% or more of the total voting shares of the Company shall have the right to submit new
proposals in writing, and the Company shall place such proposals on the agenda for such general meeting if they are
matters falling within the functions and powers of shareholders in general meetings.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   89

                                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




SHAREHOLDERS’ ENQUIRIES
Enquiries or requisitions to convene a general meeting or submit a proposal pursuant to the Articles of Association of the
Company that the shareholders of the Company wish to make to the Board may be addressed to the Investor Relations
Department of the Company by our shareholders’ hotline at 852-3699 0000 or by email at ir@chinaccs.com.hk.


COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Board has formulated the shareholders communication policy and has regularly reviewed on this. Such policy
regulates the Company’s various routine and non-routine daily communication channels with shareholders, including
general meeting(s), roadshows and daily meetings. The above arrangements enable shareholders and investors to keep
abreast of the latest operating status and development prospects of the Company. In addition, the Company has
established an Investor Relations Department, which is dedicated to providing shareholders and investors with
necessary information, data and services, and maintaining active communication with stakeholders in the capital market,
including shareholders, investors, etc. Besides, the Company has set up a public email for investor relations to facilitate
the communications and feedback from investors, allowing the Company to collect different opinions from the market in
an effective and timely manner. In addition, the Company’s executive directors (including the Chairman, the President
and the Chief Financial Officer) communicate with shareholders on a regular basis and meet directly with them to listen
to their views and suggestions through channels such as the results briefing and roadshows twice a year. The details of
the communication with the shareholders including information on the shareholders’ calendar of significant events and
the public shareholding percentages, are set out in the section of “Investor Relations” of this annual report and the
website of the Company. The dividend policy of the Company is set out in the section of “Report of the Directors” of this
annual report. Based on the communications between the Company and the shareholders and investors as well as the
feedback received during the year, the Board considers that the shareholder communication policy of the Company has
been properly implemented and effective during the year.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board is responsible for leading and supervising the Company, and performing the duties of formulating strategies,
making decisions and preventing risks, as well as implementing the resolutions passed in general meetings. The major
responsibilities of the Board include making decisions on the medium and long-term development of the enterprise,
formulating the Company’s strategies and development plans, determining the Company’s business plans and
investment proposal, reviewing financial policies and performance, formulating the basic management systems of the
Company, formulating the appraisal and compensation administrative measures of the management and determining
their remuneration, rewards and penalties as well as conducting performance appraisal. The Board has delegated to the
senior management the powers and responsibilities to conduct the day-to- day management and operations of the
Group and to organize the implementation of the resolutions of the Board, annual business plans and investment
proposals. The senior management must obtain the Board’s approval before entering into any material transactions in
accordance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association. The Articles of Association and the Rules of
Procedure for the Board have clearly defined the scope of duties of the Board and the management of the Company.
Besides, the Company has also refined and improved the matters to be approved by the Board and its sub-committee
in accordance with the List of Board’s Resolved Matters to continuously improve its corporate governance.


CHAIRMAN AND PRESIDENT

As of the date of this report, Mr. Luan Xiaowei and Mr. Cui Zhanwei take up the position of Chairman and President of
the Company, respectively. Mr. Luan Xiaowei, our Chairman, is responsible for overseeing the operation of the Board
and in charge of the Company’s overall management. Mr. Cui Zhanwei, our President, is responsible for the Company’s
daily operation and management.
90     China Communications Services Corporation Limited



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




COMPOSITION OF THE BOARD AND DIVERSITY POLICY
As of the date of this report, the Board comprised nine directors, including three executive directors (Mr. Luan Xiaowei,
Mr. Cui Zhanwei and Mr. Shen Aqiang), two non-executive directors (Mr. Tang Yongbo and Mr. Liu Aihua) and four
independent non-executive directors (Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Francis, Mr. Lv Tingjie, Mr. Wang Qi and Mr. Wang Chunge).
The term of office and date of appointment of each Director is set out in the section of “Report of the Directors” of this
annual report.


Composition                                    Age Group                            Years of Services
                                                                                    in the Board

                                                                                                                  56%
                                                45%                      22%           22%
45%
                                     33%




                                                                                      22%

                                                                       33%
                               22%

          Executive Director                               < 50                                  < 2 years
          Non-Executive Director                           50–60                                 2–5 years
          Independent                                      60 above                              5 years above
          Non-Executive Director




The Company has adopted a board diversity policy, which sets out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board. The
Company’s board diversity policy gives a number of considerations in aspects including skill, knowledge, professional
experience, gender and age. The Board of the Company comprises professionals with diversified backgrounds including
telecommunications industry, technology, finance and accounting, compliance, management and academics. The
Company is committed to promoting board diversity and the Nomination Committee will proactively consider the
increase in the proportion of female members when selecting and making recommendations on suitable candidates for
Board membership. Through the board diversity policy of the Company and the annual review and discussion by
Nomination Committee on the board structure, the Company will develop a pipeline of potential successors to the Board
which could achieve gender diversity.

The Board has four independent non-executive directors, of which an independent non-executive director Mr. Siu Wai
Keung, Francis possesses accounting professional qualification in compliance with Rules 3.10 and 3.10A of Chapter 3
of the Listing Rules. The Company has received the written annual confirmation of independence from each of the
independent non- executive directors pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers all independent non-
executive directors to be independent. The profiles of the directors are set out in the “Profiles of Directors, Supervisors
and Senior Management” section of this annual report and the Company’s website.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   91

                                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Company’s human resources work focuses on coordinating the reform of the labor, personnel and distribution
systems, giving full play to the decisive role of the market in resource allocation, fully implementing the tenure system
and contractual management of the managerial staff, promoting market-oriented labor employment, strengthening the
construction of the cadres, talents and employees, continuously optimizing the planning and structure of the team. We
have established a market-oriented recruitment mechanism, improved the market- oriented operation mechanism and
incentive and constraint mechanism, improved the standard and efficiency of human resources management, and
provided solid organizational support and talent support for the sustainable and healthy development of the Company.
The Company takes into full consideration of skills, age and gender diversity when recruiting its employees, and
endeavors to strengthen the cultivation of female talents, increase the proportion of female talents in the talent team, and
attaches importance to the selection and appointment of female talents. Based on business development and
operational needs and a comprehensive consideration of various factors, the Company strives to achieve a balanced
proportion of our employees in skills, age and gender. Information on the Company’s workforce and gender ratio in
2024 is set out in the “Environmental, Social and Governance” section of this annual report.

As of the date of this report, to the best knowledge of the directors, the members of the Board did not have any
financial, business, family or other material connection with each other, in particular between the Chairman and the
President, and all of them are free to make independent judgments.

The Company has also arranged appropriate insurance cover in respect of possible legal actions against its directors,
supervisors and senior management.

Directors devoted sufficient time and efforts to the business of the Company. The Company also requires the directors
to disclose the number of key positions they hold in public companies or organizations and provide the Company with
the time they devoted to the relevant positions.


SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules to govern securities transactions by the directors and supervisors
of the Company. The Company has made specific enquiries to the directors and supervisors, and each of the directors
and supervisors has confirmed his/her compliance with the Model Code in connection with the transactions of the
Company’s securities in the reporting period.
92     China Communications Services Corporation Limited



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




NOMINATION AND APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTORS
The Company follows a formal, considered and transparent procedure for the appointments of new directors. The
Nomination Committee of the Board first considers and discusses the nomination and appointment of a new director,
and also makes recommendations to the Board for decision based on the board diversity policy. The Board shall
recommend the candidate(s) at the general meeting and the candidate(s) shall be elected at the general meeting each
for a term of three years (including non-executive directors), effective from the date of election.

If an independent non-executive director serves more than 9 years in the Company, the further appointment of such
director should be subject to a separate resolution to be approved by shareholders. The papers to shareholders
accompanying that resolution should include the reasons why the Board believes the independent non-executive
director is still independent and should be re-elected, including the factors taken into account, the process and the
discussions conducted by the Board in making such decision. After obtaining the authorization at the general meeting,
the Board will determine the remuneration of each of the directors with reference to factors including their duties and
responsibilities with the Company, their experiences and the current market conditions.

As of the date of this report, among the board members, except for Mr. Tang Yongbo, Mr. Luan Xiaowei, Mr. Liu Aihua,
Mr. Shen Aqiang and Mr. Cui Zhanwei, all members of the Board were appointed for a term of three years commencing
from the date of approval of their appointments to the sixth session of the Board at the AGM of the Company held on 17
June 2022. The term of office of Mr. Tang Yongbo commenced from 16 June 2023 (the date of the AGM approving his
appointment) until the expiration of the term of office of the sixth session of the Board. The term of office of Mr. Luan
Xiaowei and Mr. Liu Aihua commenced from 30 January 2024 (the date of the EGM approving their appointments) until
the expiration of the term of office of the sixth session of the Board. The term of office of Mr. Shen Aqiang commenced
from 20 June 2024 (the date of the AGM approving his appointment) until the expiration of the term of office of the sixth
session of the Board. The term of office of Mr. Cui Zhanwei commenced from 10 December 2024 (the date of the EGM
approving his appointment) until the expiration of the term of office of the sixth session of the Board. The directors of the
Company are all eligible for re-election at the expiration of the term.


MEETINGS OF THE BOARD
Pursuant to the Company’s Articles of Association and the Listing Rules, the Board shall convene at least four meetings
a year. In addition, the Company has formulated the Rules of Procedure for the Board to define the relevant
arrangements of the Company on matters such as the convening of board meetings, the delivery of notices and
materials of meetings, and the manner of participation and voting by directors.

The Company Secretary assists the Chairman in preparing the agenda for Board meetings. Unless stipulated otherwise
by the Board in advance, the time and place for any Board meeting shall be notified to all directors at least 14 days prior
to the date of the meeting. The agenda and related documents of the Board meetings will be dispatched to all directors
at least 3 days prior to the date of the meeting. The Board and each of the directors may contact the senior
management independently if necessary and obtain additional information from the Company so that the directors can
make informed decisions with relevant information. In addition, prior to the board meeting, the Company will obtain the
advice and opinions from the directors on significant issues to ensure that the Board is provided with independent views
and opinions. The Company conducts an annual review of the implementation and effectiveness of these mechanisms.

All minutes of the Board meetings record the details of resolutions considered and decisions made and are kept by
meeting secretary and open for inspection by the directors. A director shall abstain from voting on any board resolution
approving any proposal in which he or any of his associates has a material interest, nor shall he be counted in the
quorum present at the meeting. In 2024, the Board held six meetings and passed two written resolutions. In addition to
general matters such as review of the annual and interim financial statements, dividend distribution, Corporate
Governance Report, ESG Report and budget, the Board also considered other resolutions, mainly including changes in
the senior management, recommendations of executive directors, non-executive director and as well as supervisor,
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   93

                                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




reviewing of the structure and composition of the Board, the Management Performance Report for 2023, the
implementation of the remuneration of the senior management and the overall payroll of the Company for 2023, the
equity investment plan for 2024, the revision of Guidelines on Information Disclosure Management of the Company, the
optimization of the organizational structure of the headquarters, reviewing of the management’s performance targets of
the operating results of 2024, appointment of new auditors, the Implementation Measures for the Decision-making of
Major Matters of China Communications Services Corporation Limited, continuing connected transactions and major
transactions, and the work progress on the environmental, social and governance (ESG) in the first half of 2024, etc.
Meanwhile, each director has abstained from voting on the relevant resolutions in which they have conflict of interest.

In 2024, the Chairman of the Company had a meeting with the independent non-executive directors without the
presence of other directors.

The attendance record (excluding the case of the written resolutions) of the Company’s directors in Board meetings,
board committee meetings and general meeting(s) in 2024 were as follows:

                                                  Attendance in 2024/Meeting convened during period of appointment
                                                                                            Non-
                                                                                     competition
                                                                                     Undertaking Independent
                               Board of           Audit Remuneration Nomination           Review           Board
                               Directors      Committee    Committee Committee Committee              Committee      AGM        EGM

Executive Directors

LUAN Xiaowei(1)                      6/6              —              —           1/1           —              —        1/1       1/1
                      (2)
CUI Zhanwei                          —                —              —            —            —              —         —        —
                        (3)
SHEN Aqiang                          3/3              —              —            —            —              —         —        1/1

Non-executive Directors

TANG Yongbo                         6/6(4)            —              —            —            —              —        0/1       0/2
          (5)                           (5)
LIU Aihua                           6/6               —              —            —            —              —        1/1       0/1

Independent Non-executive
   Directors

SIU Wai Keung, Francis               6/6             2/2            2/2           —            2/2           2/2       1/1       2/2

LV Tingjie                           6/6             2/2            2/2          1/1           2/2           2/2       0/1       2/2

WANG Qi                              6/6              —             2/2          1/1           —             2/2       1/1       2/2

WANG Chunge                          6/6             2/2             —            —            2/2           2/2       1/1       2/2

Resigned Directors

LIU Guiqing(6)                       —                —              —            —            —              —         —        0/1

YAN Dong(7)                         6/6(7)            —              —            —            —              —        1/1       1/2
                (8)
ZHANG Xu                             3/3              —              —            —            —              —         —        1/1

GAO Tongqing(9)                     6/6(9)            —              —            —            —              —        1/1       1/2
                        (10)
HUANG Zhen                           —                —              —            —            —              —         —        0/1
94        China Communications Services Corporation Limited



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Notes:


1.       Mr. Luan Xiaowei was appointed as an executive director, the Chairman of the Company and the Chairmen of the Strategy Committee and
         Nomination Committee on 30 January 2024.


2.       Mr. Cui Zhanwei was appointed as an executive director of the Company and a member of the Strategy Committee on 10 December 2024.


3.       Mr. Shen Aqiang was appointed as an executive director of the Company on 20 June 2024.


4.       Mr. Tang Yongbo appointed another director to attend six meetings.


5.       Mr. Liu Aihua was appointed as a non-executive Director and a member of the Strategy Committee of the Company on 30 January 2024, he
         appointed another director to attend one meeting.


6.       Mr. Liu Guiqing resigned as an executive director, the Chairman of the Company and the Chairmen of the Strategy Committee and Nomination
         Committee on 30 January 2024.


7.       Mr. Yan Dong resigned as an executive director and a member of the Strategy Committee on 10 December 2024, he appointed another director to
         attend one meeting.


8.       Ms. Zhang Xu resigned as an executive director of the Company on 31 May 2024.


9.       Mr. Gao Tongqing resigned as a non-executive director and a member of the Strategy Committee of the Company on 23 December 2024, he
         appointed another director to attend five meetings.


10.      Mr. Huang Zhen resigned as a non-executive director and a member of the Strategy Committee of the Company on 30 January 2024.




DIRECTOR’S TRAINING
Newly appointed directors will receive trainings provided by the Company upon the appointment, so as to ensure that
they have adequate understanding of the Company’s business and they are fully aware of their duties as directors under
the laws and regulations. The Company engaged external lawyers to provide the new directors appointed during the
reporting period with trainings on issues including directors’ duties and the Listing Rules.

The Company distributed board memorandum to directors each month, setting out updates on major business and
financial position of the Company to facilitate the directors to discharge their duties. In addition, the Company also
issued latest information regarding corporate governance, anti-corruption and directors’ responsibilities under the Listing
Rules and other applicable laws and regulations to the directors in a timely manner, ensuring their awareness of their
responsibilities under the laws and regulations. All the directors were also encouraged to participate in continuous
professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills to ensure that their contributions to the
Board remain informed and relevant.

In late October 2024, the Company organized an on-site research activity for the independent non-executive directors,
all independent non-executive directors were present and made valuable recommendations for the development of the
Company.
                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024       95

                                                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




In 2024, the training records of the directors of the Company were as follows:

                                                                                                                         Read information
                                                                                           Attend training                   relevant to the
                                                                                      or seminar relevant             Company’s industry,
                                                                                        to the Company’s           director’s duties and/or
                                                                                      industry, director’s          corporate governance;
                                                                                 duties, and/or corporate          or read regular updates
                                                                                              governance           issued by the Company

Executive Directors

LUAN Xiaowei                                                                                                ✓                                    ✓
CUI Zhanwei                                                                                                 ✓                                    ✓
SHEN Aqiang                                                                                                 ✓                                    ✓
Non-executive Directors

TANG Yongbo                                                                                                 ✓                                    ✓
LIU Aihua                                                                                                   ✓                                    ✓
Independent Non-executive Directors

SIU Wai Keung, Francis                                                                                      ✓                                    ✓
LV Tingjie                                                                                                  ✓                                    ✓
WANG Qi                                                                                                     ✓                                    ✓
WANG Chunge                                                                                                 ✓                                    ✓

Note: Mr. Luan Xiaowei, Mr. Cui Zhanwei, Mr. Shen Aqiang and Mr. Liu Aihua have obtained the legal opinion stated in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules
       and completed the new director training on 23 January 2024, 28 November 2024, 11 June 2024 and 18 January 2024, respectively. Each of them
       confirmed that they understood their responsibility as a director of the Company.
96    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




BOARD COMMITTEES
As an important part of a sound corporate governance practice, the Board has set up five board committees since the
listing of the Company: the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Non-
competition Undertaking Review Committee and the Right of First Refusal and Priority Right Committee, and all of which
are responsible for the supervision of the overall affairs of the Company in various areas and assistance of discharging
its responsibilities. Except for the Chairman of the Nomination Committee, members of all these five board committees
comprise of independent non-executive directors to ensure full expression of independent and objective views and to
fulfill each of its responsibilities of review and supervision. In August 2019, the Company newly set up a Strategy
Committee to further enhance its corporate governance. The list of members of each committee is published on the
websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.


Strategy Committee
The Strategy Committee is chaired by the Chairman of the Company and currently consists of six directors, including
Mr. Luan Xiaowei (appointed on 30 January 2024) and Mr. Cui Zhanwei (appointed on 10 December 2024), the
executive directors, Mr. Tang Yongbo and Mr. Liu Aihua (appointed on 30 January 2024), the non-executive directors,
and Mr. Lv Tingjie and Mr. Wang Qi, the independent non-executive directors. The Strategy Committee is mainly
responsible for studying and making recommendations on the mid-to-long-term plan for development strategy,
operating objectives and development direction of the Group. In 2024, the Strategy Committee did not hold any
meeting.


Audit Committee
The Audit Committee consists of three independent non-executive directors: Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Francis (Chairman),
who has accounting and related financial management expertise, Mr. Lv Tingjie and Mr. Wang Chunge. The Audit
Committee is mainly responsible for reviewing the interim and annual financial statements of the Company to ensure a
true and fair view of the state of affairs, reviewing interim and annual results of the Company after consulting with
external auditors, and making recommendations to the Board. In addition, the Audit Committee is also responsible for
examining the appointment of external auditors, considering and supervising the financial reporting procedures and the
risk management and internal control systems of the Company, reviewing the effectiveness of the internal audit of the
company, overseeing the execution of the connected transactions, and also listening to the external auditor’s audit
memorandum. The Audit Committee makes an assessment of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management (including
environmental, social and governance risks) and internal control at least once a year. In addition, the Audit Committee is
also responsible for reviewing the adequacy of resources of the Group’s accounting and financial reporting function.
Audit Committee could establish a reporting mechanism to accept and handle the complaints and anonymous reporting
on accounting, internal control and auditing matters.

In 2024, the Audit Committee held two meetings, and mainly reviewed the resolutions of the audited financial report of
the Company of 2023, interim report of 2024, report on connected transactions, report on internal control and risk
management and appointment of independent auditors, as well as the work progress on the environmental, social and
governance (ESG) in the first half of 2024.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   97

                                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee consists of three independent non-executive directors: Mr. Wang Qi (Chairman), Mr. Siu
Wai Keung, Francis and Mr. Lv Tingjie. The Remuneration Committee is mainly responsible for making recommendations
to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for remunerations of all directors and senior management, on the
establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing remuneration policy, the remuneration packages of
directors and evaluating the performance of senior management and conducting their performance assessment, etc.

After being authorized by the shareholders at the general meeting, the Board will determine the remuneration for each
director based on their duties, responsibilities, experience, and current market conditions. In addition, the Company has
established a series of management measures as the basis for determining the compensation of senior management,
which include the following four measures: the selection and appointment of management, performance appraisal of
members of the management, remuneration management for members of the management and total salary.

In 2024, the Remuneration Committee held two meetings, and mainly reviewed the resolutions regarding the
implementation of the remuneration of the senior management and the overall payroll of the Company for 2023 and
reviewing of the management’s performance targets for the operating results of 2024.


Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee consists of one executive director and two independent non-executive directors: Mr. Luan
Xiaowei (appointed on 30 January 2024), the executive director and the Chairman of the Nomination Committee, Mr. Lv
Tingjie and Mr. Wang Qi. The Nomination Committee is mainly responsible for making recommendations to the Board
on the appointment or reappointment of directors and succession planning for directors, reviewing the structure, size
and composition of the Board annually, identifying individuals suitably qualified to become Board members or senior
management and selecting and nominate relevant individuals for directorships or senior officers, or making
recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships or senior officers. The
Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy annually to ensure its effectiveness, and the details of the
board diversity policy has been set out under “Composition of the Board and Diversity Policy” of this section.

In 2024, the Nomination Committee held one meeting and passed one written resolution, and mainly reviewed the
resolutions regarding the recommendation of the appointments of executive directors, President and executive vice
president of the Company, and the review of the structure and composition of the Board. The Nomination Committee
considered that the candidates possess extensive experience in multiple areas, including telecommunications industry,
technology and management etc. Their expertise and knowledge in different areas are strongly complementary to each
other and are conducive to the scientific decision-making of the Board. At the same time, they also have diverse
characteristics in terms of age, cultural and educational background, and length of services, which was in alignment with
the Board’s diversity policy, so Nomination Committee recommended nominating these candidates to serve as
directors.
98     China Communications Services Corporation Limited



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Non-Competition Undertaking Review Committee
The Non-competition Undertaking Review Committee consists of three independent non-executive directors: Mr. Lv
Tingjie (Chairman), Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Francis and Mr. Wang Chunge. The Non-competition Undertaking Review
Committee is mainly responsible for monitoring the implementation of the non-competition undertakings given by China
Telecom to the Company.

In 2024, the Non-competition Undertaking Review Committee held two meetings, and mainly reviewed the
implementation of the non-competition undertakings by China Telecom, and made their recommendations to the Board.

The Company has received a letter issued to the Company by China Telecom stating that they were not in breach of any
non-competition undertakings in 2024. The letter has been reviewed by the Non-competition Undertaking Review
Committee and the Board.


Right of First Refusal and Priority Right Committee
The Right of First Refusal and Priority Right Committee consists of three independent non-executive directors: Mr. Wang
Chunge (Chairman), Mr. Siu Wai Keung, Francis and Mr. Wang Qi. The Right of First Refusal and Priority Right
Committee is mainly responsible for monitoring the enforcement of the right of first refusal and priority right granted by
China Telecom since the Company was listed and protecting the interests of independent shareholders when such right
of first refusal or priority right is exercised. Meeting(s) are held when necessary according to the Right of First Refusal
and Priority Right Committee Charter. In 2024, the Right of First Refusal and Priority Right Committee did not hold any
meeting.


Independent Board Committee
Pursuant to the relevant requirements under the Listing Rules, a listed company shall establish an Independent Board
Committee (which shall consist only of independent non-executive directors) to advise independent shareholders in
relation to transactions that are subject to independent shareholder’s approval (such as connected transactions) as to
whether the terms of the relevant transaction or arrangement are fair and reasonable and whether such a transaction or
arrangement is in the interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.

In 2024, the Independent Board Committee held two meetings and passed one written resolution, at which all
independent non-executive directors of the Company attended. The Independent Board Committee mainly reviewed the
resolutions regarding the non-exempt continuing connected transactions under the 2024 Financial Services Framework
Agreement entered into between the Company and China Telecom Group Finance Co., Ltd. and proposed new annual
caps, the renewal of non-exempt continuing connected transactions with China Telecommunications Corporation and
proposed new annual caps, and made its recommendations to the independent shareholders. Details of such
resolutions and the Independent Board Committee’s recommendation were contained in the circular dispatched to
shareholders on dated 16 August 2024 and 21 November 2024, respectively.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   99

                                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE
The Company established a Supervisory Committee pursuant to the PRC Company Law. The Supervisory Committee
consists of three female members: Ms. Huang Xudan (the chairperson), Ms. Cai Manli (an independent supervisor) and
Ms. Liu Lian (the employee representative supervisor). Except for Ms. Huang Xudan, the term of service of the
supervisors are three years, commencing from the AGM on 17 June 2022 approving the sixth session of the Supervisory
Committee. The supervisors may serve consecutive terms if re-elected upon the expiry of their terms of service. The
term of office of Ms. Huang Xudan commenced on 30 January 2024 (the date of the EGM approving her appointment
until the expiration of the term of office of the sixth session of the Supervisory Committee. The Supervisory Committee is
a standing supervisory institution of the Company and is accountable and reports to all the shareholders. The
Supervisory Committee normally meets at least twice a year.

The primary duties of the Supervisory Committee are to supervise the financial activities of the Group, to review the
financial statements and other financial information prepared and presented by the Board at the general meeting(s); to
supervise the performance of duties of the directors and other senior management; to prevent them from abusing
power; and to deal with the directors or to initiate legal actions against the directors on behalf of the Company. In 2024,
the Supervisory Committee held three meetings, details of which are set out in the “Report of the Supervisory
Committee” of this annual report.


AMENDMENTS TO THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
The Articles of Association of the Company did not have any changes during 2024.


COMPANY SECRETARY
The Company Secretary, Mr. Chung Wai Cheung, Terence, is an employee of the Company and has appropriate
understanding of the Company’s business. The Company Secretary is responsible for supporting the daily operation of
the Board and ensuring the compliance with the policies and procedures of the Board. All of the directors can access to
opinions of the Company Secretary to ensure that the procedures of the Board conform to the applicable laws and
regulations. The profile of the Company Secretary is set out in the section of “Profiles of Directors, Supervisors and
Senior Management” in this annual report. The Company Secretary met the requirement on professional training under
the Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules in 2024.


REMUNERATION OF THE AUDITORS
The current international and domestic auditors of the Company are KPMG and KPMG Huazhen LLP, respectively
(collectively “KPMG”). During the year, the total remuneration (including VAT) for audit firms, including KPMG, in respect
of the Group’s audit services amounted to RMB27.37 million.


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of financial statements. The directors are not aware of any material
uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a
going concern, and therefore the directors continue to adopt the going concern approach in preparing financial
statements.

The responsibility statement of KPMG, our external auditor, regarding its Independent Auditor’s Report on the financial
statements of the Group is set out on pages 181 to 186 of this annual report.
100    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Risk Management and Internal Control System
The Board of Directors of the Company is fully responsible for establishing and maintaining an appropriate and effective
risk management and internal control system to safeguard the investment of the shareholders and the assets of the
Group. The Company has set up an internal control system and risk management mechanism in compliance with the
COSO standards and defined management structure and its authority, which aims at ensuring the efficient utilization of
the resources of the Company to achieve its business targets and safeguard its assets, with a view to preventing
unauthorized utilization or disposal of the resources of the Company, securing appropriate accounting records to
provide reliable financial evidence for internal use or external dissemination, so as to ensure that its operating activities
are in compliance with relevant laws and rules. The above control system is designed to manage rather than eliminate
the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against
material misstatement or loss. The Company has a Code of Conduct for Employees to ensure ethical values and
competency and it attaches great importance to the prevention of fraud risk and has established an internal reporting
mechanism to encourage anonymous reporting of irregularities by the Company’s employees, especially senior
management. The Audit Committee has the power to make inquiries of the President and Chief Financial Officer of the
Company regarding any fraud, whether material or not, involving management or other employees who play a significant
role in the internal controls of the Company. For more information on the Company’s anti-corruption initiatives, please
refer to the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” section of this annual report.

The Company attaches great importance to risk management in the course of its daily operation. With a decade of
development since the listing, the Company has established a risk management culture appropriate to its business
practices. The Company put in place a set of practicable risk management methods as well as a sound organization
structure and management mechanism for risk management, which solidified risk management procedures, enhanced
risk management efficiency and perfected its comprehensive risk management mechanism. In 2024, the Company took
into account the requirements of Rule D.2 of the Corporate Governance Code of the Stock Exchange and continued to
strengthen the identification, classification, assessment and control of risks, paid attention to environmental changes,
strengthened green and energy-saving measures, innovation and transformation, and compliant operation. The
Company actively shouldered social responsibilities, improved management efficiency, and monitored and tracked
significant risks related to environmental, social, and governance, to promote its long-term sustainable development. No
material risk issue was identified during the year. After strict identification, assessment and analysis of risks, the
Company conducted assessments on the potential risks that the Company may be exposed to in 2025, such as market
risks and financial risks, as well as the significant risks related to environmental, social and governance, and proposed
practicable corresponding solutions. The Company formulated the annual risk management report which sets out the
risk management work in 2024 and the assessment of material risks and the control plan for 2025. For details of the
major risks of the Company, please refer to the “Report of the Directors” and “Environmental, Social and Governance
Report” sections of this annual report.

Since its listing in 2006, the Company has formulated the internal control manual, internal control assessment rules and
other systems based on the COSO internal control framework. Over the years, the Company has striven to improve the
systems related to internal control and risk management in light of the changes in internal and external operating
environments and business development requirements. In 2024, according to the internal and external regulatory
requirements, as well as in response to the strategy of corporate transformation, the Company adapted to the changes
in its operation management and policy environment, and completed the revision of the internal control manual, and
optimized and improved the internal control authority list. The Company revised the business processes such as budget
management, cost management, fixed asset management, information disclosure, and products distribution business
management, as well as improved the management practices for information system control, products distribution
business risk management, and safety production business to ensure that the Company’s internal control manual meets
the Company’s management needs.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   101

                                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Company has established the Legal Department (Compliance Management Department) and the Audit Department,
of which the Legal Department (Compliance Management Department) is responsible for overall risk management and
establishes and improves the risk management system, while the Audit Department is responsible for internal control
evaluation. The Legal Department (Compliance Management Department) reports to the Audit Committee and the Board
to ensure that the Board and management maintain and operate a sound risk management and internal control system
in accordance with established procedures and standards. In 2024, the Company further strengthened audit
supervision, attached importance to the audit rectification and utilization of the results of audit, and continued to
strengthen the construction of its audit team and centralized its audit resources in order to foster management
improvement and prevent loopholes. The above work plays an important role in supporting the Board, the management
and the risk management and internal control assessment.

The Company has formulated guidelines on information disclosure management to regulate the disclosure of the
periodical result announcements, sensitive information and other important information of the Company and to make
proper disclosure in accordance with the requirements of the Stock Exchange. The Company has established a
progressive accountability, verification and reviewing system, to ensure the truthfulness, accuracy and timeliness of
information disclosure. The Company will appoint external independent advisors, such as legal advisors, for reviewing
and verifying when necessary. The Executive Vice President and the Company Secretary of the Company are
responsible for coordinating and organizing information disclosure to ensure the compliance of the information
disclosure. The Company Secretary is responsible for the daily management of information disclosure, including the
disclosure of inside information. The Company also has the Office of the Board to assist in the detailed work regarding
information disclosure.

In order to fulfill the requirements of the Stock Exchange, to ensure connected transactions are carried out according to
the pricing policy or mechanism under the framework agreements and to regulate and enhance the management of
connected transactions, the Company has formulated the “Administrative Measures of Connected Transactions of China
Communications Services Corporation Limited”. The Company enters into a connected transaction framework
agreement with China Telecommunications Corporation and applies for the annual caps of connected transactions every
three years. At the end of each year, the Company evaluates the connected transactions entered into in each province
in the previous year. In order to ensure the compliance and effective operation of connected transactions on financial
services with China Telecom Group Finance Co., Ltd., the Company has formulated the “Administrative Measures of
Connected Transactions on Financial Services of China Communications Services Corporation Limited”, through
transaction verifying mechanism, daily monitoring mechanism, price checking mechanism and contingency planning
mechanism, providing safeguards for the internal control of connected transactions on financial services, to ensure
compliance with relevant regulatory requirements. Through the treasury platform, the Company monitors connected
transactions of deposits in real-time to ensure that the total deposits at China Telecom Group Finance Co., Ltd. do not
exceed the connected transactions limit. In addition, the risk identification and control targets for connected transactions
formulated by the Company are set out in the internal control manual. A series of internal control procedures have been
established in respect of the reporting and determination of the annual caps for connected transactions, signing and
execution of contracts, reconciliation with connected parties, data verification, accounting, verification of information
disclosure and information disclosure, and on-going improvements are made to the management process for connected
transactions.
102   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Annual Risk Management and Internal Control Assessment
The Company continues to focus on strengthening internal control and risk management and has sound internal control
and management systems in place. The major internal control and risk management measures of the Company in 2024
are summarized as below:

In 2024, the Internal Audit Department of the Company took the lead in organizing self-assessment for internal control
within the whole Group. During the year, the Company continued its risk-oriented internal control self-assessment, which
was organized from top to bottom and under a unified manner. With the changes in the Company’s internal and external
environments as well as the continuous expansion of its business scale, the Company increased its attention to
comprehensive risk management. On the basis of its risk-oriented internal control self-assessment system and a
comprehensive assessment, the Company identified the key areas and processes to focus on according to the major
risks that might be faced by the Company during the year, included environmental, social and corporate governance (ESG)
risks in the scope of the evaluation, and effectively and adaptively prepare the list of contents to be addressed for the
self-assessment in the year, so as to accomplish a comprehensive and well- targeted inspection and assessment, which
covered all of its subsidiaries.

For the internal control self-assessment during the year, it was conducted under the supervision of the Company’s
comprehensive risk management committee, with the President of the Company acting as its director. Leading by the
Internal Audit Department, it organized and coordinated the relevant departments of each risk issue to coordinate and
assess their own risks, emphasizing the business departments playing a leading role in dealing with the risk management
issues at source. The Company further promoted the effective combination between the self-assessment and daily
operation management and ensured the effectiveness of the self-assessment work. The business departments were to
decide on the persons responsible, exert themselves as the first line of defense of risk management, and instill the risk
prevention awareness into all areas of the Company’s operations, so as to enhance the effectiveness of their self-
assessment efforts and promote the improvement of their management.

After the completion of the assessment, the Company focused on prevention of material risks, and reviewed and
examined the design and implementation of its internal control and risk management systems. The Company also
formulated practical and effective rectification measures in relation to defects identified during the self-assessment to
ensure the effectiveness of the rectification, aiming to make ongoing improvements to the internal control system and
process so that it could function better to prevent risks and contribute to good management practice. Meanwhile, in the
subsequent internal audit, attention was paid to the effectiveness of the internal control for various businesses and
inspection was made on assessment of internal control and rectification of defects, so as to ensure that the assessment
is effective.

In 2024, the Company further improved its internal audit system and continued to promote the execution of the audit
project plan and conduct comprehensive internal audits. The Company made independent and objective supervision
and assessment of the operation activities and the appropriateness, compliance and effectiveness of its internal control,
with an aim to enhance its operation and create more value for the Company, improve the processes for risk
management, control and corporate governance and contribute to the fulfillment of its strategic goals. In light of the
requirement on annual key risk control and the characteristics of its operation and management. The internal audit
carried out during the year mainly included economic accountability audit, revenues and expenses audit and special
audit on relevant matters, with a focus on income and cost accounting, cash management as well as transformation and
development. Upon the request of the management of the Company and in light of the needs of relevant business
departments, the Internal Audit Department made use of the data from the audit and the audit outcomes to hold the
audit joint meetings, so as to provide advice for the decision-making and operation and management activities of the
Company.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   103

                                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




In 2024, the Company continued to promote audit standardization and widely applied the standard audit plan to various
special audits based on its audit informatization system. The Company utilized informatization audit measures to manage
the audit projects and established an internal audit quality assessment system to conduct quality assessment so as to
improve audit quality and achieve full audit coverage. In 2024, the Company not only completed the planned economic
accountability audit but also commenced special audit on the network information security, business outsourcing
management, and overseas funding to promote the implementation of the Company’s strategic control across all levels
of the Company.

The Board continued to monitor and supervise the risk management and internal control systems of the Company
through the Audit Committee, and conducted an annual review on the risk management and internal control systems of
the Company and its subsidiaries for the financial year ended 31 December 2024. The review covered all significant
aspects of controls, including financial controls, operational controls and compliance controls. After receiving the report
from the Legal Department (Compliance Management Department) as to the effectiveness of the relevant systems
(including the environmental, social and governance related risk management and internal control systems) and the
relevant confirmation from the management to the Board, the Board considered that the risk management and internal
control systems of the Company were stable, healthy, proper, effective and adequate. The annual review also confirmed
that the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes, and budget for the Company’s
accounting, internal audit, financial reporting functions, as well as those relating to the Company’s environmental, social
and governance performance and reporting. The Company has satisfied the requirements under Rule D.2 of the
Corporate Governance Code of the Stock Exchange regarding risk management and internal control.
104   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




                                                  This report is prepared pursuant to the Environmental, Social and
                                                  Governance (“ESG”) Reporting Guide (the “Guide”) in Appendix C2 to the
                                                  Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock
                                                  Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). This report
                                                  covered the period from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024. This
                                                  report has complied with all the “comply or explain” provisions as set out
                                                  in the Guide. We did not disclose certain key performance indicators
                                                  which are required to be disclosed by the Stock Exchange but not directly
                                                  related to the business of the Group or have minimal influence.

                                                  This report covered the data and cases from China Communications
                                                  Services Corporation Limited and its subsidiaries. There is no significant
                                                  change in the scope of this report from that of the 2023 ESG Report. For
                                                  detailed information on the Company’s governance structure,
                     CO 2                         organizational structure, market of its services, and organizational scale,
                                                  please refer to the Company’s annual report for the year 2024.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   105

                                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




PHILOSOPHY OF ENVIRONMENTAL,
SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE
As a leading service provider in the informatization sector in the PRC, the Group adheres to its position as a “New
Generation Integrated Smart Service Provider” and commits to “Building Smart Society, Boosting Digital Economy, Serving
a Good Life”, providing integrated comprehensive smart solutions in the informatization and digitalization sectors.



Sustainable Development
The Group places a strong emphasis on the concept of scientific development, actively responds to the United Nations
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) initiative and adheres to the sustainable development principle of “customer
prioritization, efficient resources allocation, talent orientation, as well as responsibility and commitment”. On the back of
our fundamental missions of serving our customers, bringing returns to our shareholders, caring about our employees
and giving back to society, we are committed to providing innovative, high-quality, efficient and secure integrated
services including telecommunications infrastructure services, business process outsourcing services, applications,
content and other services, while delivering value to our customers and the society, promoting healthy and sustainable
development of itself, and aligning our corporate development with society and environment.




 Customer Prioritization                                        Efficient Resources Allocation
 Remaining customer-centric with a focus on their needs;        Gradually improving the synergistic and professional
 ensuring the quality of our customers’ products and            operation of our internal resources to achieve eco-
 delivery on the basis of high-quality products, solutions      friendly and efficient utilisation of resources through
 and services, ensuring prompt response to customer             scientific management and innovative application of new
 concerns, and continuously improving their satisfaction        technologies; helping our partners achieve low-carbon
                                                                and intelligent operation by leveraging the integration of
                                                                new technologies and innovation




 Talent Orientation                                             Responsibility and Commitment
 Caring about the development of our employees in               Striving to give back to society by fulfilling our
 various aspects, striving to provide them with adequate        responsibilities as a state-owned enterprise in emergency
 space for development, a comprehensive training                rescue and disaster relief, etc., actively participating in
 system, competitive salary and welfare packages and            projects for rural revitalization and improvement of
 incentive mechanism while creating a safe and enjoyable        people’s livelihood, and encouraging our employees to
 working environment for them                                   actively participate in social welfare activities
106    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Board Statement
The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of China Communications Services Corporation Limited (the “Company”) is the
highest responsible and decision-making body for ESG governance and has overall responsibility for environmental,
social and governance work. The Board meets annually to review and approve the publication of this report (including
the review of the progress on ESG-related goals). The Company’s management is authorized to be responsible for the
implementation of specific ESG works of the Group (including stakeholders identification and communication). At the
same time, the Board reviewed the potential risks and opportunities of ESG issues on the Company’s overall strategy
and the results of the materiality assessment of ESG issues.

The Audit Committee of the Board holds meetings twice a year to assist the Board in considering specific ESG work and
is responsible for assisting the oversight of ESG issues and is continuously enhancing the requirements of internal
control processes for ESG risk identification. The management of the Company formulates relevant internal control
processes in accordance with the requirements of the Audit Committee of the Board to ensure the effective control of
ESG risks by the Company’s risk management and internal control system, and incorporates key ESG risks into the
Company’s comprehensive risk management system.

During the year, the Board and the Audit Committee listened to the Company’s ESG work plan and relevant
management initiatives, including energy consumption, green and low-carbon development, and other social
responsibility issues such as disaster relief, production safety, staff training and anti-corruption. In addition, the Board
and Audit Committee were also briefed on the Company’s work plan to address the new disclosure requirements on
environmental, social and governance reporting under the Listing Rules of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong and the
“International Financial Reporting Sustainability Disclosure Standard No.1—General Requirements for Disclosure of
Sustainability-related Financial Information” and “International Financial Reporting Sustainability Disclosure Standard
No.2—Climate-related Disclosures” issued by the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB).
                                                                               Annual Report 2024   107

                                           ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




ESG Governance Structure

                           •   Responsible for formulating the overall ESG strategy
                           •   Responsible for the overall deployment and oversight of ESG work
       Board of            •   Responsible for monitoring the progress against ESG-related targets
       Directors           •   Responsible for assessing and determining the risks related to the
                               Company
                           •   Hold meetings regularly to review and evaluate the achievement of
                               ESG objectives

                           •   Implement the work arrangement of the Board
     Management of         •   Manage the ESG Working Team
      the Company          •   Hold meetings at least twice a year to assess the achievement of
                               various ESG indicators
                           •   Review the ESG Report and submit it as an independent resolution
                               to the Board for their consideration

                           •   Promote and implement ESG tasks and follow up on the completion
                               of ESG tasks in the subsidiaries at all levels
         ESG               •   Responsible for ESG data collection and report preparation
     Working Team          •   Responsible for the execution and monitoring of daily ESG activities
                               to ensure the implementation of relevant policies and projects
                           •   Manage ESG-related issues and provide analysis, suggestions and
                               updates, maintain communication with the management to ensure
                               the intercommunication of ESG information and the prompt
                               resolution of problems

                           •   Execute ESG work tasks, and refine both work methods and
                               capabilities to satisfy the demands of the ESG team
     Subsidiaries at       •   Collect, collate and report ESG data and relevant information
       All Levels          •   Participate in the preparation of ESG Reports
108    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Communication with Stakeholders
The Group pays attention to the common interests of stakeholders, including the government and regulatory authorities,
shareholders and investors, employees, suppliers, customers and communities. It attaches great importance to the
communication with them. Through announcements, regular reports, meetings, talks, visits, special communications
and events, the Group collates and actively responds to the views and suggestions of all parties to promote innovation,
coordination, green, openness and sharing in corporate development.

                      Mechanism and
                      Means of                    Expectations on
Stakeholders          Communication               the Company              Responses of the Company
                      Meeting                     Compliance with laws     Comply with laws and operate with integrity
                                                  and regulations
                      Reports or statements       Implement government Pay taxes in accordance with the laws and
 Government and                                   regulatory requirements promote employment
   Regulatory         Report and visit            Promote the building of Innovate smart products and services
   Authorities                                    industrial ecosystem
                      Periodic reports,           Asset preservation and Operate in a stable manner and continuously
                      announcements               appreciation           create value for shareholders
                      Special report, visit       Regulate corporate       Improve corporate governance and continuously
                                                  governance               enhance the internal control system
                      Daily communication         Prevent operational      Protect the rights and interests of investors,
Shareholders and                                  risks                    especially small and medium-sized investors, in
     Investors                                                             accordance with the laws
                      Investor meeting            Regulate information     Disclose corporate information in strict
                                                  disclosure               accordance with the rules
                      Employee representative Safeguard legal rights       Regulate labour management
                      supervisors, employee and interests
                      representative meeting
                      Employee symposium          Achieve career           Enhance staff training and open up career paths
                      with management             development
    Employees         Employee survey             Participate in           Improve income distribution and welfare
                                                  management               protection mechanism
                      Letter and visit            Staff caring             Care for the physical and mental health of staff
                                                                           and improve working conditions
                      Supplier selection and      Integrity and           Improve the synergistic and compliant
                      engagement                  self-discipline in      procurement management systems and separate
                                                  procurement, clearly    the duty and function of supplier selection,
                                                  defined systems,        procurement execution and monitoring
                                                  rigorous processes and
                                                  standardized operations
                      Green procurement           Implement green and      Give priority to suppliers with environmental
                                                  eco-friendly concepts,   management system certificates and products
                                                  reduce the damage        that are in line with environmental protection
                                                  and impact to the        standards; Disseminate the concept of
      Suppliers                                   environment              environmental protection to suppliers and
                                                                           continuously optimize procurement management
                                                                           system
                      Subcontract                 Clear needs and high     Establish a supplier resource base, ensure
                      management                  transparency in          supplier qualifications and service capabilities,
                                                  management               provide necessary skills training and strengthen
                                                                           project-focused whole process management
                      Contract fulfilment         Cost-effective solutions Identify customer needs accurately and innovate
                                                  (services, products)     smart products to meet their customized needs
                      Visit, meeting and          Good service quality     Project reports, regular meetings, project visits,
                      communication                                        etc. for full life cycle business management
    Customers
                      Roadshow, exhibition        Efficient response       Respond to customer needs as soon as possible
                      Community              Protect the                   Energy saving, emission reduction and
                      communication activity environment                   conservation of water and electricity
                      Community building          Safeguard emergency      Actively engage in disaster relief and
                      activity                    communications           communications safeguard
   Community          Public welfare activity     Care for the           Carry out poverty alleviation work, help the
                                                  underprivileged groups disabled and the poor
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   109

                                                              ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Material Issues Identification and Assessment Process
In order to gain a more in-depth and objective understanding of the ESG issues that stakeholders are concerned about,
during the preparation period of this report, the Group carried out a materiality assessment of these issues, summarized
and categorized the material ESG issues of our company, and used this as the basis for the preparation of this report.

Identify ESG Issues
Based on the 2023 materiality assessment results, the Group conducted a comprehensive analysis of stakeholder
concerns with reference to its overall business development in 2024, advanced ESG management practices within the
industry, the 12 levels of ESG issues outlined in the Guide, its own business and industry characteristics, as well as the
engagements with external stakeholders — such as shareholders, investors, and capital markets through investor
meetings and active participation in ESG rating agency questionnaires. Meanwhile, aligning with its corporate strategy,
the Group conducted internal interviews and surveys with employees on sustainability-related topics. With a combination
of the above internal and external analysis, the Group determined 21 ESG issues for the year.



                                    Material Issues Assessment Process
                                                                    Horizontal and
          Research on policies           Analysis of                                         Analysis of external
                                                                  vertical comparison
            and regulations           Company business                                          sentiments
                                                                      with industry




                       Survey of external stakeholders             Survey of internal stakeholders




                                            Identify material issues for the year
110                        China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Formulate and Implement the Stakeholder Communication Plan
During the ESG issue assessment process, the Group attached great importance to the interaction and communication
with various stakeholders. The Group formulated a detailed stakeholder communication plan and collected the concerns
and expectations of various stakeholders (including investors, employees, customers, suppliers, the community, etc.)
regarding ESG issues through various means (such as regular surveys, questionnaires, discussion sessions, etc.).

Quantitative Assessment of Material ESG Issues
The Group carried out an online questionnaire survey, inviting various stakeholders to rate the importance of the
company’s ESG issues in 2024. The ratings were scored from 1 to 5, with the materiality increasing successively.

A total of 2,448 stakeholders participated in this survey, covering various types of stakeholders such as corporate
directors, management, employees, investors, suppliers, industry associations, and the community.

The Group analyzed the results filled in by various stakeholders, evaluated the importance of each issue from two
dimensions of “internal materiality” and “external materiality”, identified 11 extremely material issues, 7 material issues,
and 3 relevant issues, and derived the Company’s ESG issue materiality analysis matrix for this year.

The results of this assessment of material issues have been reviewed and confirmed by the Board.




                               5             Environmental issues
                                             Social issues
                                             Governance issues                                                     Performance and                    Product
                                                                                                               remuneration appraisal               responsibility
                                                                                                                                                   and customers
                                                                        Employee development and training
                                                                                         Labour standards and welfare                Employee care
                                                                                                                                  Broadening the talent pool
                               4
                                                                                    Total greenhouse gas emissions
                                                                           Sustainability philosophy of the Company                                    Technological
                                                                                                                                                       innovation
                                                                               Responding to climate change
                                                                                                                                              Production safety




   External Stakeholders
                                                                                                                                        Anti-corruption

                               3
                                                                                                                Communications
                                                                                                                support for
                                                      Supply chain management                                   major events ESG governance and oversight
                                                                                                 Resource                    by the Board and management
                                                                                                 utilization                 of the Company
                                                Rural revitalization
                                                                           Disaster relief                 ESG governance structure
                                                    Waste discharge                                        of the Company

                               2       Communication between
                                           the Company and
                                                stakeholders




                               1
                                   1                           2                             3                               4                                 5

                                                                                Internal Stakeholders
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   111

                                                              ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AND CLIMATE CHANGE
Climate change not only has profound impacts on the global ecosystem, but also brings significant impacts on the
global economy. Carbon dioxide emission has been adopted as an important indicator by the PRC for the evaluation of
an enterprise’s production and operation performance, which presented new requirements for enterprises to adapt to
climate change. The Group has realized the effects of risks and policies associated with climate change on its operations
and has taken corresponding proactive measures to capitalize on the opportunities arising therefrom and cope with the
challenges.

The Group actively researched on and discussed the pathways to address climate change and control greenhouse gas
emissions, while formulating green and low-carbon development plans. It organized capacity building, technology
research and publicity work to fight against climate change and endeavoured to improve its capability in environmental
management, with a view to contributing to mitigate global warming.


Climate-related Disclosures
The Group has been disclosing climate change related information in terms of governance, strategy, risk management,
metrics and targets, taking into account the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures (TCFD) since the financial year 2022, and continues to enhance the relevant disclosures. During the
reporting period, the Group made further disclosures with reference to the Climate-related Disclosures from IFRS S2 and
the requirements of Consultation Conclusions “Enhancement of Climate-related Disclosures under the Environmental,
Social and Governance Framework” published by The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

Governance
The Board of the Group serves as the supreme decision-making body for sustainable governance (see “ESG
Governance Structure” section for details), reviewing progress on sustainability initiatives, including climate action on a
biannual basis. The Board’s Audit Committee is mandated to support the Board in evaluating risk management and
opportunity identification, formulating climate strategies and dual carbon target, defining response measures and
mitigation roadmaps for emission reduction.

In addition, the Group has set up a “Carbon Peak and Carbon Neutrality” management organization headed by the
President of the Company, which is responsible for the coordination and management of the related work. The Group
issued the “Assessment and Evaluation Rules for Green Development Work” to define the “Dual Carbon” management
indicators and specific implementation rules of the Group’s subsidiaries, to promote the reinforcement of the main
responsibilities of all parties, to objectively evaluate the implementation and effectiveness of the various tasks, and to
promote the effective implementation of the “Dual Carbon” work and the green and low-carbon development of the
entire business field. The Group also issued annual energy-saving and emission reduction budget targets to its provincial
companies and strictly implement the energy-saving and emission reduction assessment, reward and punishment
mechanism to ensure the successful completion of the annual energy-saving tasks.

Strategy
The Group places high priority on the potential risks and opportunities arising from climate change, integrating climate-
related risks as a critical component of its long-term corporate strategy. The Company systematically assesses climate-
related risks and opportunities , and implements proactive measures to address them.
112     China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Group has analyzed the following potential impacts of climate change on the Company’s strategy and finances
through three time periods, namely short-term (occurring within the next one year), medium-term (occurring from the
next one year to 2030) and long-term (occurring from 2031 to 2050), through engagements with cross-functional
business departments and industry experts:

Risks/                             Risks/Opportunities                                                                      Short-   Mid-   Long-
Opportunities      Type            description                   Potential impact pathways                                   term    term    term
                    Acute          Extreme precipitation or      •   Extreme precipitation and flooding may cause             √       √
                                   severe weather events             delays in construction, increase construction costs
                                   such as cyclones/                 and affect project delivery schedules
                                   typhoons and hail             •   Obstruction of transportation links in the core
                                                                     supply chain, such as communications equipment
                                                                     and fibre-optic cables, affects equipment
                                                                     procurement and project implementation
                    Acute          Events of extreme heat        •   High temperatures may lead to increased health           √       √
                                   and sudden droughts               risks for outdoor construction workers, such as
                                                                     heat stroke, which in turn affects work efficiency
 Physical risks
                                                                 •   Increased intensity of operation of air-conditioning
                                                                     and other cooling equipment at the operating sites
                    Chronic        Global warming trend          •   Global warming causes critical facilities such as                        √
                                                                     communications base stations and data centers
                                                                     to face higher temperature pressures, accelerating
                                                                     aging and increasing failure rates
                    Policy and     Legal and regulatory          •   Restrictions on data center and infrastructure           √       √       √
                    legal risk     policies on environmental         construction. The government may restrict high
                                   protection, carbon                energy consumption projects through data center
                                   emissions and                     energy consumption standards, which may affect
                                   information security, etc.        China Comservice’s business expansion across
                                                                     the country
                    Technology     Changing business             •   The communications industry is moving towards            √       √       √
                    risk           scenarios as a result of          green transformation and low-carbon technology
                                   low-carbon technology             upgrades to better meet customer demand
                                   transformation
                    Market risk    Changing customer             •   Corporate customers are increasingly emphasizing         √       √       √
                                   behaviour                         their own carbon management, and the demand
Transition risks                                                     for green integrated solutions has increased




                    Reputational   Stakeholder requirements      •   Regulatory requirements for public disclosure of                 √       √
                    risk           for climate risk disclosure       climate risks are becoming increasingly stringent,
                                                                     and non-compliant disclosures and inappropriate
                                                                     climate performance can damage corporate
                                                                     reputation
                    Energy         Low-carbon energy use         •   Installation of distributed photovoltaic and                     √       √
                    sources                                          replacement of new energy vehicles will increase
                                                                     the proportion of new energy consumption and
                                                                     reduce its own greenhouse gas emissions
                    Products       Low-carbon digital            •   Accelerating digital transformation across               √       √       √
 Opportunities      and Services   services                          industries and the need to reduce carbon
                                                                     emissions are driving demand for smart energy
                                                                     management, green cloud computing, and low-
                                                                     carbon IoT solutions
                                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024        113

                                                                                      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Potential financial impact                                     Response
•   Loss of revenue: delays of projects may lead to            •   Implement contingency plans and form a rapid response team to react quickly in the event of
    delays in client payments, affecting the stability             extreme weather to minimize the impact of the weather and safeguard project delivery
    of revenues                                                •   Establishing a diversified supply chain system to ensure that key equipment and materials are
•   Rising supply chain costs: bad weather affects                 sourced from multiple sources to minimize the risk of supply chain disruption caused by
    the stability of the supply chain, leading to an               extreme weather events
    increase in the price of core equipment and
    increase in procurement costs
•   Rising operating costs: increase in demand for             •   Provide adequate health protection measures, such as regular breaks, hydration, and heat-
    refrigeration leads to a significant rise in electricity       prevention and cooling equipment, for outdoor workers and those working in high-temperature
    consumption                                                    environments, so as to reduce the risk of heat stroke and health problems
                                                               •   Optimize energy management programs and adopt energy saving and consumption reduction
                                                                   measures, such as using green energy and improving energy efficiency
•   Rising operating costs: equipment durability is            •   Development and application of high-temperature-resistant, low-energy-consumption
    decreasing, maintenance frequency is increasing,               communications equipment to cope with environmental changes due to global warming
    and the company may need to increase
    investment to maintain operations
•   Business expansion is constrained, affecting               •   Through active participation in government-led establishment of standards on environmental
    revenue growth: if the new policies limit high                 protection, low-carbon and industry, the company obtains timely information on policies and
    energy consumption projects, the company’s                     regulations, which helps the company to plan in advance, and through cooperation with
    business expansion in some regions may be                      industry associations, promotes the deployment and implementation of relevant policies to
    affected, which in turn affects revenue growth                 ensure that the company is in a favorable position in the changing policy environment
    expectation
•   R&D expenditures are on the rise: the                      •   Cooperate with leading low-carbon technology companies and research institutions to
    transformation of low-carbon technologies                      accelerate the process of technology transformation. Through cooperation, the company can
    usually requires large R&D investment, which                   reduce the cost of R&D, improve the maturity of technology and its market adaptability, and
    requires a large amount of capital in short term               reduce the risk of technology introduction
•   Increase in R&D expenditures: in response to               •   Conduct regular market research to gain a deeper understanding of the changing needs of
    changing customer demand for low-carbon,                       customers in terms of low-carbon and green services to ensure that the company can
    green communications services, the company                     accurately grasp market dynamics and customer expectations
    adjusts its existing product and service portfolio
    to introduce green solutions that meet market
    demand
•   Decrease in brand value: lags in corporate                 •   Regularly publish environmental, social and governance reports to enhance communication
    climate action and disclosure may lead to doubt                with investors, customers and regulators, and positively demonstrate the company’s actions
    on corporate sustainability commitments by the                 and effectiveness in addressing climate change
    publics and customers, affecting brand value
    and customer loyalty
•   Reduced operating costs: Savings in purchased              •   Ensure a stable supply of green electricity by investing directly in renewable energy facilities or
    electricity expenses, carbon compliance                        partnering with renewable energy providers. While ensuring a stable supply of energy and
    transaction costs, etc.                                        controlling costs, the company can also ensure that its business meets green energy
                                                                   requirements by cooperation or purchasing green electricity certificates
•   Increase in revenue: Low-carbon digitalization             •   Form a dedicated low carbon services team to enrich the current digitalization products and
    services can expand into new markets and                       solutions
    improve the company’s overall business revenue
114    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Scenario analysis
In order to accurately identify and measure the impacts of climate disasters on enterprises under climate change, the
Group conducted a physical risk analysis based on the SSP2-4.5 medium greenhouse gas emissions scenario and
SSP5-8.5 high greenhouse gas emissions scenario in the Shared Socio-economic Pathways (SSPs) proposed by the
Sixth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC AR6), based on the underlying data
of domestic climate disasters and geographic distribution.

                                                       Predicted
                                                       end-of-century
                                                       temperature    Boundary of          Scenario                  Scenario
Scenario          Scenario description                 rise           analysis             assumptions               source

                  Under this scenario, global               ＜3ºC      Basic office and major Assuming no change in IPCC
                  socioeconomic development                           operational business internal factors such as
                  progresses at a moderate pace,                      s e g m e n t s . T h i s main business, asset size,
                  accompanied by intermediate-                        covers the Group’s risk response measures,
                  intensity climate policies and                      headquarters and 22 etc., and analyzing only
    Medium        mitigation measures.                                provincial companies the specific climate risk to
  greenhouse
 gas emissions    Greenhouse gas emissions                            (excluding overseas) which the assets are held
    scenario      stabilize at current levels before                                            under the disaster levels
                  commencing a gradual decline                                                  of each scenario
                  by mid-century

                Under this scenario, the global             ＞4ºC
                economy grows rapidly, but
                relies mainly on the extraction of
                fossil fuels and energy-intensive
                industries, with little or no
                climate policy management, and
High greenhouse climate change pressures
 gas emissions intensify, with greenhouse gas
    scenario
                emissions increasing rapidly
                during this century and reaching
                roughly double that level by
                2050

According to the company’s asset main operating address, industry information and relevant data sets, in the SSP2-4.5
and SSP5-8.5 scenarios, the entity-specific risk levels of extreme heat, sudden drought and sea level rise all show an
upward trend, of which the upward trend in the risk levels of extreme precipitation and extreme heat is more significant
than that of the other entity-specific risks. In addition, in the SSP5-8.5 scenario, the frequency and intensity of extreme
heat and precipitation events will increase significantly. Combined with these changes, the company is more susceptible
to the threat of extreme precipitation and high temperatures to its operations in future based on the assessment. In
future, the Group will continue to review the scenarios and increase the number of different scenarios in order to pay
attention to temperature changes and climate risks in a timely manner, and to enhance the Company’s risk response
capability, and to better cope with the challenges posed by climate change.

Risk Management
The Group is actively addressing the potential significant financial or strategic impacts of climate change in the short,
medium or long term, integrating climate change risk management into the Company’s existing overall risk assessment
and management system, and improving the internal control processes relating to environmental, social and governance,
in order to continuously strengthen the Company’s risk management in relation to ESG.
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   115

                                                                              ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Metrics and Targets
The Group actively responds to the national strategy of “Dual Carbon” while persistently implementing the development
philosophy of innovation, coordination, green, openness and sharing. It has formulated green and low-carbon plans and
related implementation programs and continuously increased its R&D investment in emerging energy-saving
technologies and new businesses, thereby creating a green ecosystem and making China Comservice more eco-
friendly.

The Group has continued to promote the carbon inventory work of its subsidiaries so as to further strengthen the
foundation of energy conservation and emission reduction work of the enterprises by mapping out the overall level of
greenhouse gas emissions of the enterprises.



                                                                    Target

               By   2025, the greenhouse gas emissions intensity per RMB10,000
               revenue (comprehensive energy consumption) will achieve a reduction
             rate of    no less than 15% compared to the 2020 baseline

Energy Consumption
In 2024, the Group’s total energy consumption amounted to approximately 165,000 tonnes of standard coal and 11.00
kilograms of standard coal per ten thousand RMB of revenue (2023: approximately 162,000 tonnes of standard coal
and 10.96 kilograms of standard coal per ten thousand RMB of revenue).

According to the Group’s energy statement, the total greenhouse gas emissions from the Group’s energy consumption
in 2024 was approximately 421,000 tonnes (2023: approximately 416,500 tonnes*), which was calculated in accordance
with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol.




     Greenhouse Gas Emissions                          Direct Emissions (Scope 1)                        Indirect Emissions (Scope 2)
     (10,000 tonnes)                                   (10,000 tonnes)                                   (10,000 tonnes)
     2024: 42.10                                       2024: 26.32                                       2024: 15.78
     2023: 41.65*                                      2023: 26.44*                                      2023: 15.21*

Notes:

1.       Total GHG emissions comprise Scope 1 direct GHG emissions and Scope 2 indirect GHG emissions.

2.       Scope 1 direct GHG emissions include GHG emissions from the consumption of natural gas, coal, gasoline, and diesel fuel.

3.       Scope 2 indirect GHG emissions include GHG emissions from purchased electricity and purchased heat.

*        The Group previously accounted for greenhouse gas emissions including carbon dioxide , methane, and nitrous oxide. The calculation of Scope 1
         and Scope 2, were with reference to the “Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (2004)”. This year, in
         alignment with “Guidelines for Greenhouse Gas Emissions Accounting and Reporting for Industrial Enterprises (2015)” issued by the National
         Development and Reform Commission and “Announcement on the Publication of CO2 Emission Factors for Electricity in 2022” (Announcement No.
         33 of 2024) jointly released by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment and the National Bureau of Statistics, the Group has updated GHG
         accounting methodology to focus solely on CO2 emissions, incorporating revised emission factors. Accordingly, the Group has restated our 2023
         emissions data to reflect these methodological changes.
116   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Direct/Indirect Energies by Type




 Electricity (GWh)               Gasoline (Million L)           Diesel (Million L)            Natural Gas
                                                                                              (Million standard cubic meters)
 2024: 294.10                    2024: 83.79                    2024: 20.75
 2023: 283.41                    2023: 84.49                    2023: 20.61                   2024: 9.72
                                                                                              2023: 9.14


Our Actions

 Action 1

The Group has set up a “Carbon Peak, Carbon Neutrality” management organization, with the President as the main
person in charge and the Company’s management working together to form the leading group. This three-tier working
structure aims to promote the Group’s green and low-carbon development.




Leading Group                              Office of the Leading Group               Subsidiaries at All Levels
Directing the deployment of green                                                    Implement the Group’s “Dual Carbon”
                                           Implementing the specific work and
development work and studying                                                        planning objectives, promote and
                                           organizing the day-to-day work of the
and making decisions on important                                                    implement targets for “Dual Carbon”
                                           Group for the “Dual Carbon”
issues in respect of “Dual Carbon”                                                   projects during the Dual Carbon
                                                                                     Rolling Development Plan Period

In 2024, the Group held the “China Comservice Dual Carbon Multi-Party Collaboration and Empowerment Training
Conference”, in which the dual-carbon experts, backbone of the Group and the industry’s experts focused on the
development of the “Dual Carbon” strategy, shared their views on the theme from the three aspects of macro-policy,
industry analysis and the application. At the training session, the Dual Carbon Construction Professional Committee of
New Era Craftsmen Institute was formally established.
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   117

                                                                 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




 Action 2

The Group prepared “the Green Development Rolling Plan for 2025–2027”, and continuously promoted the “Research
on the Peaks of Carbon Emission and Pathways to Carbon Peak”. Leveraging the “Dual Carbon” mission, it improved
the organizational system and rules for energy conservation and emission reduction, supported the construction of a
binding incentive mechanism for energy conservation and emission reduction, and reduced total energy consumption.
Focusing on the areas such as energy and power, industrial manufacturing, transportation, real estate and construction,
and information and communications as well as three major business sectors which included carbon management,
carbon emission reduction and carbon removal, the Group strived to promote carbon reduction in society.



                                                                                            Industrial
                                                              Energy and Power
                                                                                          Manufacturing
              Carbon Industry Ecosystem                                 Real Estate and               Information
                                                  Transportation
                                                                         Construction               Communications



 Management                                   Typical Application of Industrial Solutions                                 Ecological
   System                                                                                                                 Extension

                    Carbon Emission
                      Reduction
                                           Energy Conservation       Energy Internet           Cloud Network
                                             of Data Centers        at Industrial Parks      Low-carbon Facilities




  Operational                                 Photovoltaic          Carbon Monitor                                        Service
  Standards            Carbon                 Applications          Platform System                                      Adaptation
                     Capture and
                     Monitoring
                                              Technical Product & Service Capabilities




  Information           Carbon                                                                                           Integrated
                        Trade                5G         Big Data           IoT            Blockchain                     Framework
     Model



                                                                                                         Operation &
                  Network        Storage          Container        Computing               Safety
                                                                                                         Maintenance
118    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Use of Technology to Seize Opportunities from Climate Change
In managing the risks of climate change, the Group has leveraged its unique advantages to increase the application of
new technologies such as 5G, cloud computing, the Internet of Things (“IoT”), big data, blockchain and AI. While
promoting upgrade and carbon reduction of energy-intensive industries, it developed a series of energy-saving
technologies and products, which allows it to seize the energy-saving and carbon reduction opportunities in climate
change.

Continuous Investment in R&D of Green Technology
With the rapid development of 5G, cloud computing, IoT, big data, blockchain, AI and other technologies, the scale of
communications base stations and data centers has rapidly expanded, resulting in the continuous increase of power
consumption. By fully leveraging its internal R&D synergies, the Group focuses on key technologies and intensifies
technological innovation while strengthening cooperation with operators to give full play to its differentiated advantages,
actively contributing to the green and low-carbon development of the communications industry.

The Group has developed its own green data center PUE simulation platform, photovoltaic intelligent management
platform, photovoltaic storage cloud green energy management platform, C-Cooling energy-saving cloud platform, 5G
base station smart energy-saving system, 5G base station AI energy-saving technology, 5G base station energy control
intelligent shutdown technology, evaporative cooling module multi-coupling heat pipe refrigeration mainframe, energy-
saving integrated cabinet, photovoltaic energy storage and power backup system, distributed intelligent power supply
system, server room AI group control and other energy-saving technologies and products, and accumulated mature
planning, design and construction experience in energy saving and emission reduction, which has been promoted
across the country. Through providing information and communications technologies and services in various industries,
the Group has also actively assisted in the digitalization, intelligentization and green development of government, energy,
transportation, education, finance and other sectors, realizing green coexistence.

Successful Cases of Green Technology Application


         Shaoguan Integrated Data Center
  China Comservice Construction Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the
  Group, has been contracted as the electromechanical general
  contractor for Phase I of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao
  Greater Bay Area Integrated Data Center project. The project
  adopts a modular design philosophy of “Two Resiliencies and
  One Optimization” (resilient power supply, resilient cooling, and
  airflow optimization) and is constructed with National Class-A
  standards, featuring two cutting-edge facilities. Building A1 is a
  next-generation high-efficiency data center (PUE 1.25) equipped
  with over 2,000 adaptive wide-range racks, while Building A2
  serves as a fully liquid-cooled intelligent computing center (PUE
  1.15) capable of supporting 40,000-card intelligent computing
  cluster with approximately 15,000 PetaFLOPS of total
  computing power through its 38 liquid-cooled pods, each
  delivering around 385 PetaFLOPS. This advanced liquid cooling
  technology achieves a 60% reduction in cooling energy
  consumption compared to traditional machine room.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   119

                                                                     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




       Inner Mongolia Ordos Forest and Grassland Carbon Sinks
The “Inner Mongolia Ordos Forest and Grassland Carbon
Sink” project constructed by China International
Telecommunication Construction Corporation, a subsidiary of
the Group, aims to protect forest resources, accurately
measure biological carbon sequestration indicators and
promote coordinated and stable economic and social
development. Upon project completion, the system will
accomplish the function of “fire prevention, security, emergency
response, remote sensing monitoring of forest and grassland
carbon indicators”, and meet the requirements of all-weather and
real-time monitoring of the entire region’s forest and grassland
resources and remote sensing monitoring of carbon indicators.



       A Low-carbon Park in Guizhou
Guizhou Company, a subsidiary of the Group, is responsible for the construction of low-carbon park in Guiyang City
and a green energy-efficiency retrofit pilot project, focusing on the core needs of carbon emission reduction and
carbon management, making breakthroughs in the original traditional air-cooling system of the server room,
comprehensively applying new green energy-saving technologies, constructing magnetic levitation water-cooling
system, deploying AI group control system. The comprehensive solution also incorporates an IoT platform, data
middle platform, and a digital twin smart park, establishing a service system of carbon knowledge, carbon research
and carbon reduction, which analyzes and intelligently controls carbon emissions in the park that effectively reduce
the park’s overall carbon emissions and help to achieve the dual-carbon goal.




       Zhongkai Hi-tech Zone Environmental Ecological Park

The Zhongkai Hi-tech Zone Environmental Ecological Park
project participated by Gongcheng Management Consulting
Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Group, is a large-scale intelligent
eco-environmental park, which integrates waste sorting and
recycling, harmless landfill, incineration and power generation,
biochemical treatment, comprehensive utilization and other
functions, and has become a circular economy
demonstration park. After the completion of the project, it is
expected to process 365,000 tonnes primary waste and
43,800 tonnes kitchen waste annually. The annual power
supply will reach 140 million kilowatt-hours, which can be
used by 25,000 families every day, and it is equivalent to
saving of about 40,000 tonnes of standard coal for the
society and greatly reducing the emission of carbon dioxide.
120   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




       C-Cooling Energy Saving Cloud Platform
  The C-Cooling energy-saving cloud platform independently developed by China Information Consulting & Designing
  Institute Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Group, is an AI energy-saving intelligent control product tailored for data center
  air conditioning systems. The platform is based on “expert algorithms” and integrates high-performance models such
  as “equipment mechanism + weather prediction + load prediction”, analyzes and processes air conditioning system
  operation data, and overlays the “AI global tuning model” to carry out system-level and real-time global AI search,
  calculates the optimal energy-saving parameters, and fully taps into the energy-saving potential, so that the data
  center air conditioning system has the optimal global energy-efficiency. The platform is applied in many data center
  construction and operation and maintenance projects, and the average energy saving of the air conditioning system
  is about 12%.




       Water Saving Renovation Informatization (Digital Twin) Project
  China Information Consulting & Designing Institute Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Group, undertakes a city irrigation
  district water conservation and renovation informatization (digital twin) project. Based on the characteristics of the
  physical irrigation area of the river and the actual requirements of the irrigation area, it introduced advanced IoT
  sensing technology, data analysis, model coupling as well as intelligent irrigation equipments to boost agricultural
  productivity through water resources scheduling, and to achieve flood and drought prevention through monitoring
  and sensing in the whole area. The project features 13 integrated subsystems including a Unified Irrigation District
  Management System, Data Collection and Processing System, Water Measurement Management System, Water
  Fee Accounting and Collection System, and Early Warning Mobile APP, collectively forming a full-spectrum decision
  support platform. It comprehensively improves the irrigation district management level and water supply security
  capacity and becomes a model of modernized irrigation district in the southern multi water source plains and hills.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   121

                                                             ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Yibin Hi-tech Zone Carbon Neutral Green Energy Distributed Photovoltaic Power
     Generation Demonstration Application and User-Side Energy Storage Project
Zhejiang Post Telecommunication Construction Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Group, undertakes Yibin High-tech Zone
Carbon Neutral Green Energy Distributed Photovoltaic Power Generation Demonstration Application and User-Side
Energy Storage Project, with planned PV installed capacity of 60MW and user-side energy storage capacity of
10MWH. The project promotes the integrated development of PV industry and related industries by actively exploring
new modes of “PV+Building”, “PV+Slope”, “PV+Storage” and “PV+Microgrid”. The project helps to establish an
integrated “generation-grid-load-storage” application scenario that will extend its influence across southern Sichuan
and serve as a regional benchmark for the entire Western region.




     Xi’an City Qinling Ecological Environment Protection Integrated Restoration
     Monitoring Project
Shaanxi Communication Planning Design Institute Co., Ltd., a
subsidiary of the Group, undertook the Xi’an Qinling ecological
environment protection integrated restoration and monitoring project,
which focuses on the improvement of forest ecological monitoring
and early warning capability by taking the construction control zones,
general protection zones and key protection zones of the Qinling
northern foothills in Xi’an as the core to build an integrated monitoring
system of “space-air-ground” that covers the protection areas at
multiple levels.
122       China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Promote Green Operations
The Group is an informatization communications service provider. In the course of providing services to customers, the
Group has always strictly complied with various laws and regulations on environmental protection and emissions,
including the PRC Environmental Protection Law and the PRC Energy Conservation Law. It has actively controlled
pollutant and greenhouse gas emissions, sewage discharge and the disposal of solid and hazardous waste. The Group
has actively responded to the national call to reduce the impact of its operations on the environment.


Waste Discharge
The Group strictly follows the PRC Law on the Prevention and Control of Environment Pollution Caused by Solid Wastes
and other laws and regulations regarding waste disposal and utilisation, and carries out waste disposal in accordance
with regulatory requirements. Some of the provincial companies and professional companies of the Group have engaged
property management firms for waste disposal.




            Daily Garbage (10,000 tonnes)                                                Sewage Emissions (10,000 tonnes)

            2024: 2.1                                                                    2024: 134.7
            2023: 2.32                                                                   2023: 119.42




Notes:


1.       The Group is an asset-light enterprise, its solid wastes are mainly daily garbage, and the sewage it discharges is mainly daily sewage.


2.       Certain companies under the Group upgraded and optimized their accounting system, adjusted the accounting and collection methods of garbage
         disposal fees and expanded the scope of companies for sewage discharge, therefore, the corresponding data of domestic garbage discharge and
         sewage emissions in 2023 was adjusted.



Resource Utilisation
In terms of the use of packaging materials, the Group operates in the informatization communications service industry,
and is mainly engaged in design, construction, supervision, maintenance and other services. Therefore, there is no
significant usage of packaging materials in its production and operation process.

As for water consumption, the Group’s water supply is provided by the owner or property manager of the office building.
The Group attaches great importance to the reasonable and efficient usage of water resources in the normal course of
business. It strives to promote and advocate water conservation through public promotion on a daily basis and the
installation of water-saving taps, which allows it to further intensify the management of water resource utilisation and
reduce unnecessary consumption of water resources. In 2024, the Group’s total water consumption was approximately
4.63 million tonnes (2023: approximately 4.59 million tonnes).

In respect of office paper, the Group adheres to the principle of economical use and tolerates no waste to strictly control
the use of office paper. In addition, the Group actively enhances its online office capabilities, continuously improves its
service quality with informatization means, and extensively promotes the use of cloud-based office applications such as
paperless conference systems and online conference systems, and requires its subsidiaries at all levels to use
accounting electronic vouchers and e-tendering and procurement. In 2024, the Group’s use of office paper amounted
to approximately 1,423 tonnes (2023: approximately 1,521 tonnes).
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   123

                                                                ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Protecting the Ecological Environment in Project Construction
The Group complies with relevant environmental laws and regulations, and other relevant requirements in its business
operations. It reduces construction waste and natural resource consumption, and requires its subsidiaries to understand
the environmental characteristic and needs of the regions where they operate, and establish and implement
environmental management strategies in line with the requirements. More than 60% professional companies of the
Group have obtained relevant certifications, including 100 professional companies with ISO 9001 certification and 87
professional companies with ISO 14001 certification. Besides, Jiangsu Telecom Real Estate Management Co., Ltd. and
Hunan Kang Pu Communication Technology Co., which are subsidiaries of the Group, have obtained ISO 50001 energy
management system certification. They are committed to managing and reducing the environmental impact in the
business activities.




 Land Conservation                                              Equipment Pollution
 Strictly abide by national laws and regulations, effectively   Give priority to equipment that is free of noise,
 protect arable land, and orderly implement treatment           electromagnetic radiation and pollutant emissions
 and restoration work such as site closure, rehabilitation
 and greening to achieve sustainable use of land
 resources




 Construction Impacts                                           Electromagnetic Radiation
 Avoid mineral deposits, forests, grasslands, wildlife,         Actively adopt advanced technical means to refine the
 natural relics, human relics, natural reserves, scenic         layout of base stations and ensure that the electromagnetic
 spots and other areas when conducting field survey for         radiation indicators meet the national standards; monitor
 communications lines and avoid changing the                    and assess the electromagnetic environment around base
 neighbouring environment when laying optical fibre             stations; strictly control the quality of equipment
 cables as far as possible                                      connecting to the network to exercise strict control at
                                                                source
124   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Green Office
The Group constantly improves its organizational system, management system and work process for energy saving and
emission reduction through multiple measures, so as to effectively reduce energy consumption. Campaigns like Energy-
saving Promotion Week and National Low-carbon Day are actively carried out by the Group to continuously raise the
energy-saving and environmental-protection awareness of its staff. Energy conservation slogans are put up in venues
such as public areas inside the buildings and conference rooms. The Group transformed the office environment through
technological innovation to help save energy in operations, and launched energy-saving renovation of office buildings,
replacement of old air-conditioners, and construction of distributed photovoltaic power generation systems in
accordance with the actual situation in suitable provinces and in a planned manner.




                           Improve Online                   The Group makes full use of cloud conferencing and cloud
                          Office Capabilities               investigation and research and other methods to enhance
                                                            online office efficiency




                                                            The Group continues to enhance its daily electricity saving
                          Strengthen Power                  measures and adopts energy-saving lamps in all offices,
                         Saving Management                  meeting rooms and other premises to reduce the electricity
                             for Lighting                   consumption of lighting equipment




                                                            The Group strictly controls the formation and scale of the
                          Enhance Energy                    fleet of business vehicles to reduce the energy
                            Consumption                     consumption, and it has implemented a “one vehicle, one
                            Management                      card” refuelling system in an effort to reduce total fuel
                       for Vehicles, Promote                consumption. With the use of GPS systems for precise
                            Green Travel                    positioning, it aims to reduce the energy consumption of
                                                            vehicles. It also advocates green travel among employees




                                                   Green Office Initiative
                                                   Announcement
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   125

                                                             ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Eco-friendly Recycling
Several professional companies of the Group collect returned network equipment, inefficient equipment with high-energy
consumption and other inefficient assets from telecommunications operators for recycling and disposal via a green
auction platform. By introducing the reverse integrated asset disposal model of “dismantling, transportation, storage and
sale”, a closed-loop ecological chain of environmentally-friendly asset disposal, starting from the source of scrap
materials till the auction and delivery of assets, has been developed, which not only realizes eco-friendly disposal of
waste and obsolete products, but also achieves effective utilisation of resources.

The Group will actively establish and improve a long-term mechanism for resource conservation, improve energy
efficiency, develop a circular economy and fulfil its corporate environmental responsibility.




        China Comservice Supply Chain Co., Ltd.
  China Comservice Supply Chain Co., Ltd. (“Supply Chain Company”), a subsidiary of the Group, owns six subsidiaries
  including Zhongjie Telecommunications Co., Ltd., Shanghai Tongmao International Supply Chain Management
  Company Ltd., Zhejiang Zhongtong Communications Co., Ltd., Jiangsu Zhong Bo Communications Co., Ltd., Fujian
  Zhongtong Communication Co., Ltd. and Hubei Xintong Communication Ltd. These subsidiaries engaged in the
  auction business and disposed of cables, batteries, telecommunications equipment, terminals, air-conditioners,
  vehicles and office equipment for a total of RMB1.35 billion in 2024. Since 2009, they have disposed of assets with a
  total amount of nearly RMB8.35 billion.

  Based on the nature of the waste and obsolete materials from customers, Supply Chain Company has established a
  green auction support system, which integrates the recycling, transportation, sorting, storage and disposal of such
  materials. This system provides end-to-end integrated services, fulfilling clients’ needs for full-process control from
  asset disposal to material handover, while addressing challenges such as prolonged asset disposal cycles, safety
  risks, and high warehousing costs.
126      China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGEMENT
Employment
The Group had approximately 77,000 employees as at 31 December 2024. We are committed to ensuring equal
development opportunities for both genders, and protecting and enhancing the rights and interests of female employees.
Our employees are located primarily in the PRC with some of them located in other regions around the world such as
Southeast Asia, the Middle East and Africa. Our employees are divided into contract employees, dispatched employees,
part-time employees and other employees.



      Total Number                                                     2024                       2023
      of Employees                                                76,686                       80,372
Indicator                                                                                     2024               2023
By type
Contract employees                                                                           74,910             77,998
Dispatched employees                                                                          1,613              2,161
Part-time employees                                                                               5                 38
Others                                                                                          158                175
By region
Mainland China                                                                               97.1%              96.6%
Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan and overseas                                                         2.9%               3.4%



Total number                                  Total number       Proportion of                          Proportion of
of newly hired                                 of resigned      resigned male                         resigned female
 employees                                     employees          employees                              employees

          2024:                                    2024:         2024:                                  2024:
          3,317                                    5,363         73.4%                                  26.6%

      2023:                                            2023:   2023:                                       2023:
      3,806                                            5,003   72.8%                                       27.2%



   2024 Employee Turnover Rate

                                                                  Age
        Male                                      Female                      aged 30 and under               2.1%
      employees                                  employees
                                                                              aged 31-40                      3.0%
                                                                              aged 41-50                      1.4%
           5.1%                                      1.9%
                                                                              aged 51 and above               0.5%

                                                                                               In Hong Kong,
                                                                   In mainland                Macao, Taiwan and
                                                                      China                       overseas
                                                                       6.9%                           0.1%
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024     127

                                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Employee Structure (Contract + Dispatched Employees)
                                                                                                 2024             2023
 By Gender                                                          By Age


 Male employees                    Female employees
                                                                               aged 30 and under 11.3%         12.6%

        2024:                                2024:                             aged 31–40          33.8%       35.9%
        73.2%                                26.8%
                                                                               aged 41–50          37.7%       35.3%
   2023:                                         2023:
   73.3%                                         26.7%                         aged 51 and above 17.2%         16.2%




 By Education Level                                                  By Nature
                                 2024           2023                                            2024           2023



             7.4% 8.7%                                                  9.0% 1.2%
        2.8% 8.2% 8.0%                                                  8.9%     1.2%
        3.2%                                                                                 26.4%
                                                              20.9%                          25.8%
18.7%                                                         21.3%
19.8%


                                   62.4%
                                   60.8%
                                        Post-graduate                                                Administration and
                                        or above                                                     management
                                        University graduate
                                                                                    42.5%            Telecommunications
                                                                                    42.8%            infrastructure services
                                        College graduate
                                                                                                     Business process
                                        Technical school                                             outsourcing services
                                        graduate                                                     Applications, content
                                                                                                     and other services
                                        High school
                                        graduate or below                                            Others




Contract Employees
                                                                                                 2024             2023




            Employees joining                              Female                             Employees of
           the trade union (%)                          management (%)                      ethnic minority (%)

                100                                           1.4                                3.3
                 100                                          1.4                                 4.2
128    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Broadening the Talent Pool
As a state-owned enterprise, the Group undertakes an important social responsibility of stabilizing employment situation
and provides a large number of job opportunities in the market every year. In addition, we take into consideration the
characteristics of communications infrastructure construction projects, i.e. strong cyclicality with a large demand for
temporary labour, and encourage our upstream and downstream partners to conduct flexible recruitment during the
installation of communications cables and equipment based on actual business needs. Through which, we create a
large number of job opportunities in the market, which plays an important role in building up our own talent pool and
addressing the employment needs of fresh college graduates.

To further improve the market-oriented operational mechanism and deepen the innovation of the human resources
system and mechanism, the Group has been pushing forward the reform of the human resources, labour, and allocation
systems in 2024. It established an employment mechanism based on position management with contract management
as the core, with a focus on key business areas. It has also introduced high-tech, highly skilled, and high-quality talent,
maintained control over the total number of employees, optimized the workforce structure, improved the effectiveness of
career mobility mechanism, enhanced the overall quality of staff, and boosted labor productivity continuously.

Remuneration and Performance Appraisal Management
The Group regards employees as an important resource of the enterprise and attaches significance to the protection of
their interests. In accordance with the principle of “performance-oriented, internally equitable and externally competitive”,
it optimises the remuneration distribution system which links closely with its enterprise value and individual performance.
It formulates and implements the “Guidance on Performance-related Pay for Heads of Professional Companies and
Municipal Companies under Provincial Subsidiaries of China Comservice”. It insists on adopting a remuneration system
that favours employees with outstanding contributions and those working in crucial and front-line positions of hardship
and danger to support first-class talents in delivering first-class performance for first-class remuneration, so that
employees who worked more would be paid more.

We are committed to the career development of our employees and offer dual promotion paths for them: “promotion for
management functions” and “promotion for technical expertise”. We implement a system that links our employees’
remuneration and promotion to their work experience, capabilities, and performance, which encourages them to be
proactive. Staff promotion follows the principles of fairness, justice, openness and transparency, and fully respects
employees’ right to choose, right to know and right of supervision.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   129

                                                              ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Group actively supported the implementation of the position-based bonus incentive scheme for state-owned
technology-based enterprises in 49 technology-based enterprises under the Group, which aimed to promote a close
linkage between the remuneration of technological talents and their innovation ability and contribution. This allows
employees to share the fruits of corporate development and stimulates the vitality of the organization and staff. The
Group pays social insurance and housing fund for its employees in strict accordance with relevant national policies. It
establishes an enterprise annuity system to protect the basic rights and interests of employees.

In order to deepen the reform of the incentive and restraint mechanism and establish a sound medium and long-term
incentive system, the Group has implemented share appreciation rights incentive scheme to drive the mutual
coordination and promotion of shareholders’ interests, the Company’s interests and the interests of incentive recipients.
As a result, the interests of core employees in key positions are closely aligned with the Company’s operating
performance, which motivates their enthusiasm.

The Group provides the Provincial Company Leaders’ Performance Evaluation Indicator System and Scoring Measures
every year to ensure the full implementation of the Company’s development objectives and tasks for the year. By closely
coordinating the budget, appraisal, and resource allocation, the Group gives full play to motivating and guiding roles of
performance evaluation, motivates business units at all levels to further develop strategic businesses, and promotes the
steady improvement of the Company’s value and capability.

The Group’s headquarters publishes employee performance appraisal methods based on different appraisal indicators
each year and conducts annual performance appraisals for employees at all levels to give full play to the value-orientation
and strategic execution of the performance management system, promoting the employees to enhance their efficiency,
and mobilize their motivation and creativity.
130    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Labor Standards and Welfare
Compliance with the Laws in the Use of Labor
The Group has always complied with laws and regulations on dismissal, working hours and anti-discrimination. Our
employees are entitled to national holidays. The Group strictly abides by and implements the laws and regulations in
relation to labor employment and protection of labor’s rights and interests, including the PRC Labor Law, the PRC Labor
Contract Law and the PRC Trade Union Law. Pursuant to which, the Group protects the labor rights and interests,
democracy and spiritual and cultural rights and interests of its employees. In addition, we have taken the initiative to take
measures to promote a higher level of human rights protection and labor rights protection in accordance with the
fundamental conventions of the International Labour Organization, the 10 principles of the United Nations Global
Compact, the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Convention on the
Rights of Persons with Disabilities.

•     It strengthens labor employment management in a lawful and standard manner, ensures the entering into labor
      contracts with contract employees and makes contributions to the social insurance.

•     In line with employment standards, it provides standardized labor contracts by category to clarify the rights and
      obligations of both parties, so that there are rules and laws for the management of labor relations to follow.

•     It sets up standards for the dispatching contracts entered into with the labor dispatching units, inspects and
      supervises the signing of labor contracts between the labor dispatching units and dispatched employees, makes
      contributions to the social insurance and protects the rights and interests of the dispatched employees.

Diversity and Equal Opportunities
The Group provides multi-channel and diversified recruitment methods to
bring in various types of outstanding talents. The Group adheres to the
employment policies of gender equality and equal pay for equal work,
provides equal employment opportunities in the recruitment and
promotion of employees, does not discriminate against workers on the
basis of their ethnicity, race, gender, age, geographic location, marital
and child-bearing status, and physical conditions, and offers posts
suitable for disabled persons with regard to their personal characteristics.
The Group also protects the privacy of employees in accordance with the
law, and implements a system of paid leave for employees.

Prohibition of Using Child Labor
The Group strictly implements the relevant requirements of the Provisions on the Prohibition of Using Child Labor, strictly
manages the staff recruitment process, specifies the age requirements for candidates and prohibits the use of child
labor and prevents the use of forced labor in accordance with the law. There were no incidents of child labor and forced
labor in 2024.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   131

                                                                 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Safeguarding Democratic Rights and Interests
The Group respects and supports the freedom of employees to join labor unions and other organisations in accordance
with the law, continuously improves the organizational structure of the labor union, clarifies the division of responsibilities,
and strives to leverage the role and value of the labor union in promoting business development. We also continuously
expand democratic management channels, improve democratic management systems, adopt diversified methods to
ensure staff representatives participate in enterprise democratic management, encourage employees to provide
suggestions and fully guarantee their rights of information, participation, expression, and supervision. We continuously
enhance the standard and capability of enterprise democratic management, safeguard democratic rights and interests,
and promote the healthy development of the Company. Meanwhile, in order to further promote the institutionalisation
and standardisation of the employee representative meeting, give full play to the role of the employee representative
meeting in developing harmonious labor relations and safeguarding the democratic rights of the employees. The Group
formulated the Provisional Rules for the Administration of the Employee Representative Meeting of the Provincial
Companies of China Comservice in accordance with the Company Law of the PRC, the Trade Union Law of the PRC,
the Labor Contract Law of the PRC, and the Regulations on Workers’ Congress of Industrial Enterprises Owned by the
Whole People and other laws and regulations.

Safeguarding the Rights and Interests of Female Employees
The Group attaches great importance to the care of female employees, endeavors to build a platform for female
employees to grow and excel, strengthens the protection of the legal rights and interests of female employees, strictly
implements the protection of female employees during the “four periods” (menstruation, pregnancy, maternity and
breastfeeding), and cares and supports female employees who are “single mothers” or have difficulties in their families.
At the same time, enterprises at all levels are urged to protect the legal rights and interests of female employees, and to
strengthen humanistic care and psychological counselling for female employees.

The Group formulated and published the Guiding Opinions on Further Strengthening the Work of Female Employees in
China Comservice, and implemented the PRC Law on the Protection of Women’s Rights and Interests, the Outline of
Women’s Development in China (2021–2030), the Special Provisions on the Labor Protection of Female Employees, the
Regulations on the Work of Female Workers’ Committee in the Trade Unions and other laws and regulations. It also
safeguarded the collective interests of female employees, improved the mechanisms for the education and motivation of
female employees, the system for cultivation and selection of female leaders and managers, and improved the
mechanisms for labor protection, occupational health, social security, as well as the assistance and relief for female
employees. Furthermore, the Group launched the “N+1” care and concern activities for female employees in phases,
such as signing a collective contract for female employees, adding a special health check-up for female employees,
purchasing an additional insurance policy for female employees, organizing a special health seminar for female
employees, forming a team for female employees’ cultural and sports activities, setting up a forum for emotional
exchange among female employees, and setting up a system of care and concern for the whole working cycle of female
employees, so as to realize, protect and develop the fundamental interests of the majority of female employees to the
greatest extent.



                 Welfare System
                 The Group’s welfare system includes corporate annuity,
                 supplementary medical care, holiday benefits, various
                 allowances, health check-ups, staff cafeteria, staff
                 dormitories, paid annual leave, comfortable office
                 environment, reasonable work rhythm, rich online learning,
                 diversified cultural and recreational activities and so forth.
132    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Development and Training
The Group attaches great importance to staff training. Currently, it has established a three-tier training system covering
the headquarters, provincial companies and professional companies. By fully leveraging the resource advantage of the
training centers under the Company, it strives to build a hierarchical, classified, synergistic and efficient training system
to promote the building of a learning-oriented organization.




                                                Responsible for providing training for leaders of provincial
                                                companies, management reserve of provincial companies, and
           Headquarters                         experts talents from each business line, as well as a variety of
                                                professional business lines training led by the headquarters



                                                Responsible for providing training for leaders of professional
                                                companies, middle-level management of provincial companies and
             Provincial
                                                all kinds of professional lines in the province, and assisting the
             Companies
                                                headquarters in organizing and training for all kinds of professional
                                                lines




            Professional                        Responsible for conducting all kinds of daily skill improvement
            Companies                           training for employees under management
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   133

                                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




In 2024, the Group formulated and issued the “China Comservice 2024 Training Work Plan”. It made synergistic and
efficient use of resources from the colleges and training centers under the Company, led by the key mission of promoting
high-quality development of the Company, and concentrated on the key tasks for the year. With a focus on building up
three teams, namely leading cadres, expert talents and key employees at the base level, it coordinated the training
camps for improvement of various management and professional capacities, and continuously optimized the training
management system, course development system and online training system, so as to provide talent and capability
support for the innovation and transformation of the Company.

In order to meet the online learning needs of employees, the Group has opened up a channel for all employees to
participate in training and learning at online university, which provides online courses, live lectures, interactive seminars
and other diversified learning pathways to provide new employees with comprehensive career enlightenment and help
them quickly integrate into the work environment. The Group provides professional and technical personnel and
managers with cutting-edge professional knowledge and management concepts, helping them to continuously improve
their professional skills and management capabilities to cope with the complex and changing market challenges.



                                              In the context of the main tracks and new challenges of the Group
                                              in the new era, and towards the requirements of high-quality
                                              development of the Company, the Group is committed to
                  Leadership                  promoting the awareness enhancement, knowledge re-
                 Development                  construction and mindset re-creation of the management reserve
                   Training                   in each provincial company, so as to build a double-engine
                                              management reserve team of “Entrepreneurial Leaders” and
                  15.5%
                                              “Technical Talents”.




                                              Focus on creating a high-quality talent ecology, with the goals of
                                              expanding perspectives and enhancing capabilities, and take
                                              various training camps and action learning as the carrier to train
                 Professional
                                              for practice, combine training with practice, and devote efforts to
                 Line Training
                                              cultivate a team of professional backbone talents on each line.
                  71.0%



                                              The Group pays attention to the capability enhancement and
                                              development aspirations of the core backbone employees at the
                                              frontline, and organize various comprehensive ability and
                Demonstration                 professional skills training courses for frontline employees on key
                 and Rotation
                                              technologies and industry applications, project management,
                Course at the
                Primary Level                 marketing, etc., so as to build a frontline employee team with core
                                              competitiveness and cohesion.
                  13.5%
134   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




       Training Course for Young and Middle-aged Cadres of China Comservice
  The Group held the “Training Course for Young and Middle-aged Cadres of China Comservice”. Industry senior
  experts were invited. Through courses such as industry research, U-shaped thinking, and assessment interpretation,
  combined with activities such as unled group interviews, leadership assessment, and TED talks, the industry insight
  ability and strategic analysis ability of the trainees were comprehensively enhanced. The self-awareness was
  continuously strengthened to continuously provide solid talents and intellectual support for the high-quality
  development of China’s communications service industry.




       China Comservice Financial Elite Training Camp
  The training camp for financial elites of China Comservice was successfully started, with 55 financial elites
  participating. This training camp focused on the theme of “promoting development, improving ability and preventing
  risks”, centering on the business development and key tasks of the enterprise. Through various ways such as
  theoretical teaching, themed seminars, case discussions, review lectures, cross-criticisms, lectures and evaluation,
  the training camp finally delivered 11 subject results and lecture videos.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   135

                                                         ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




    “Innovator Pioneer” Product Training Camp and CCS Senior Technical Expert
    Training Course
The Group held the “Innovator Pioneer” Product Training Camp and
CCS Senior Technical Expert Training Course, which was attended by
more than 750 people from the Group’s headquarters, its provincial
companies and professional companies both online and offline. The
training course centered on the four principles of combination of
competition and training, full empowerment of full-stack production,
research and marketing team, full coverage of products, and high-
intensity learning and exchange, and delivered “end-to-end”
standardized management system for the whole life cycle from
product planning, design and R&D to sales promotion.




    The Sixth “CCS Craftsman” Cup Data Center Green and Low-carbon Integrated
    Construction and Maintenance Skills Competition
The Group held the Sixth “CCS Craftsman” Cup Data Center Green and Low-Carbon Integrated Construction and
Maintenance Skills Competition, with the theme of “Scientific and Technological Innovation, Green and Low-Carbon”,
to steadily improve China Comservice service capability in the green and low-carbon field based on the promotion
and inheritance of the craftsmanship spirit.
136    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




      Total Training Expense                      Total Number of Trainings                       Total Training Hours
                        (RMB million)                                (Person-time)                                    (Hour)

                   2024: 172                                   2024: 734,418                              2024: 15,363,445
                   2023: 171                                   2023: 692,353                              2023: 14,338,150


                         Per Capita Training Expense                  Per Capita Training Expense
                                                (RMB/person)                          (RMB/person-time)

                                        2024: 2,247                                  2024: 235
                                        2023: 2,122                                  2023: 246


                           Per Capita Training Hours                   Per Capita Training Hours
                                               (Hour/person)                          (Hour/person-time)

                                         2024: 200                                    2024: 21
                                         2023: 179                                    2023: 21


Indicator                                                                            Unit                   2024          2023

Types of Training

Production safety training                                                No. of trainings              5,224            4,702
                                                                            Person-time               192,770          199,901

Anti-corruption and integrity promotion training and activities           No. of trainings                 1,965          1,426
                                                                            Person-time                   65,316         46,322

Operation management training                                             No. of trainings                 2,814          2,256
                                                                            Person-time                   52,725         42,587

Technical expertise training                                              No. of trainings             10,565           13,261
                                                                            Person-time               251,281          232,598

Other training                                                            No. of trainings              4,961            5,730
                                                                            Person-time               172,326          170,945

Training by Position/Gender

Senior management                                                                    Ratio                 2.2%           2.2%

Middle management                                                                    Ratio                 36.2%         36.2%

General employees                                                                    Ratio                 61.6%         61.6%

Male employees                                                                       Ratio                 70.5%         73.9%

Female employees                                                                     Ratio                 29.5%         26.1%

Average Training Hours by Position/Gender

Senior management                                                      Hour/person-time                       55               56
                                                                                             2




Middle management                                                      Hour/person-time                       24               25

General employees                                                      Hour/person-time                       18               16

Male employees                                                         Hour/person-time                       20               20

Female employees                                                       Hour/person-time                       22               24
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   137

                                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




OPERATION MANAGEMENT
Health and Safety
The Group has always upheld a high sense of responsibility, strictly and voluntarily complied with relevant national laws
and regulations. It firmly implements laws and regulations such as the PRC Labor Law, the PRC Work Safety Law, the
PRC Fire Protection Law, and the Administrative Regulations on the Work Safety of Construction Projects. In addition, it
comprehensively aligns with industry-related regulatory requirements such as the Provisions on the Administration of
Work Safety in Telecommunication Construction Projects, the Management Rules for Labor Protection Supplies of
Employers, and implements compliant operation in every business process.

The Group fully implements the overall philosophy of national safety and persists in the principle of coordinating two
major principles of high-quality development and high-level safety. Through the full implementation of the system of
responsibility for production safety for all employees, strengthening the standardization of production safety, consistently
improving the management system of production safety, continuously carrying out production safety education and
training, and establishing the dual prevention mechanism of tiered risk management and control as well as the
investigation and management of hidden dangers, the regular production safety supervision and inspection and the
periodic emergency rescue drills, etc., the Group ensured the effective implementation of production safety by promoting
all work in an orderly manner in accordance with the law.

Meanwhile, the Group has continuously adjusted and optimized its approach in managing subcontractors, strengthened
the safety management of business outsourcing and subcontracting units in an all-round way, and strictly controlled the
key aspects such as enterprise qualification review, personnel information collection, entry approval of safety conditions,
safety education and training, on-site behavior supervision, management of non-compliant behavior, and dynamic
judgement of entry and exit, so as to firmly safeguard the bottom line of safety development, and steadily push forward
the transformation of the enterprise’s safety governance mode into a preprevention mode, prevent and curb the
occurrence of major safety production accidents, ensure the health and safety of employees, and proactively create a
safe environment conducive to the development of the enterprise.
138    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Safety Management System
The Group’s Production Safety Committee is a production safety management body, with the President of the Company
as its director. Each of the subordinate provincial companies has set up a production safety committee to implement
production safety responsibilities and regularly hold production safety committee meetings to discuss and make
decisions on material matters related to production safety. By refining the duties and responsibilities of the organization
and increasing the number of experts, the level of safety management is continuously enhanced.

Safe Construction
In order to ensure the safe production of communications construction projects, according to the requirements of
relevant laws and regulations such as the PRC Work Safety Law and the Administrative Regulations on the Work Safety
of Construction Projects, the principal responsible persons, project responsible persons and dedicated safety production
management personnel, etc. of all communications construction enterprises under the Group have passed the
assessment of safety production knowledge and management ability organized by the local information and
communications administration, and 100% of them are certified to work.

The Group attaches importance to and makes every effort to safeguard the funding for production safety, and requires
all its subsidiaries to allocate special production safety funds in accordance with the regulations for, among others,
improving working conditions, improving safety facilities, updating labor protection equipment, conducting education
and training, and strengthening safety inspections, so as to provide financial support for the smooth implementation of
production safety.

In 2024, the Group formulated and fully implemented the “Three-Year Action Implementation Plan for Fundamental
Improvement of Work Safety”. Throughout the year, a total of 1,305 production safety inspections were carried out. A
total of 21,938 hidden dangers were identified, and all of them have been rectified, with a rectification completion rate of
100%. The Group organized public lectures by the primary responsible persons for production safety, covering 32,451
people. It carried out 2,538 education and training sessions on internal and external typical accident cases, with a
cumulative coverage of 101,330 person-times. The Group also carried out the Accident Shocking Warning Day activities,
which covered as many as 87,839 person-times.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   139

                                                           ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




                Occupational Health, Safety Production and Environment Management

Based on the strategic goal of continuously building the general contracting capability in recent years, the Group
formulated the Guidelines for the Management of General Contracting Projects of China Communications Services
Corporation Limited, in which it made specific requirements for occupational health, safety production and
environment management (HSE management) of its companies at all levels in undertaking general contracting
projects:


1. Clearly define objectives and responsibilities and continuously improve the HSE management system,
   standardize the occupational health, safety production and environmental management of general contracting
     projects, so as to minimize the danger to the project construction, the harm to the society and the damage
     to the environment.


2. According  to the project scale, deploy full-time or part-time safety management personnel, who are
   responsible for the organization and coordination of occupational health, safety production and environmental
     management under the leadership of the project manager.


3. Carry out occupational health hazard identification and risk assessment, formulate project occupational
   health management plan, establish occupational health examination system, carry out monitoring and
     measurement, dynamically identify potential hazard sources and emergencies, and take countermeasures to
     prevent and reduce injuries.


4. Formulate  the Measures for the Administration of Project Safety Production or similar documents, and
   establish and improve the safety management system; strictly implement the responsibility system for safe
     production; set up a dedicated safety organization and strengthen the organization and leadership of safety
     production.


5. Carry out hazard identification and risk assessment, formulate safety management plan, implement safety
   guarantee measures to ensure safety. Strictly implement the investigation and management system of hidden
     dangers of production safety accidents, discover and eliminate hidden dangers and accidents in a timely
     manner, and record the investigation and management of hidden dangers and accidents.


6. Carry out safety production education and training regularly, and project managers, safety management
   personnel, special operations personnel, etc. shall hold certificates according to regulations.


7. According to the relevant regulations of the PRC, industry, local governments and enterprises, establish
   necessary safety records to prove the effectiveness of safety management, including safety management
     ledger, safety meeting minutes, rectification notice, safety production inspection records, purchase and
     distribution records of labor protection accessories and other original records, etc.


8. Implement  the safety disclosure system, and disclose the hazard sources and the preventive measures,
   safety operation requirements, safety matters that should be paid attention to in cross-operation of various
     specialties level-by-level before construction, with signatures obtained up to the level of the workers (including
     suppliers and subcontractors).


9. According  to the approved environmental impact assessment documents of construction projects, prepare
   the project environmental protection plan, identify important environmental factors, formulate environmental
     management target indicators and management schemes, and effectively control and manage important
     environmental factors such as construction dust, noise pollution, sewage discharge, solid waste discharge
     and fire on the construction site.
140    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Dual Prevention Working Mechanism
According to the relevant requirements of the PRC Work Safety Law and on the basis of the Regulations on Tiered
Management and Control of Safety Risks of China Communications Services Corporation Limited, the Group formulated
the Regulations on Investigation and Management of Potential Safety Hazards of China Communications Services
Corporation Limited, and established a dual prevention working mechanism for enterprise safety production.

The Group divides the safety risk level into four tiers: major risk, greater risk, general risk and low risk. It also stipulates
that all kinds of risks should be managed and controlled from five aspects: engineering and technical measures,
management measures, training and education measures, individual protection measures and emergency response
measures. The Group conducts list-based management around the tiered risk management and control contents under
33 specific scenarios, such as construction operations, production and business premises and special equipment.

In 2024, the Group carried out the three-year action for fundamental improvement of production safety in an orderly
manner in light of the actual situation. It promoted China Comservice to deepen three key tasks, namely tackling hidden
dangers, strengthening the foundation, and enhancing efficiency. It firmly established the concept of safety and
coordinated the promotion of eight special tackling tasks, five tasks for infrastructure construction, and five tasks for
capability enhancement. The Group organized provincial-level companies to carry out hidden danger investigation and
rectification work involving all employees in five scenarios, including office buildings, engineering construction,
maintenance services and customer service centers, warehouses, and other business premises. The rectification
completion rate of major hidden dangers reached 100%.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   141

                                                             ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Building a Culture of Safety
Conducting Education and Training on Production Safety
The Group insists on carrying out production safety education and training for all employees by different categories, so
as to enhance the safety awareness of all employees. In 2024, the Group organized all employees to study the
Administrative Measures for the China Comservice Production Safety Management, invited internal and external safety
production experts to train safety production management personnel and project managers at all levels on the
specialized subdivisions of construction operation safety, and organized a series of publicity and education activities
such as “Safety Production Month”, “Fire Safety Month” and “Telecom Fire Safety Publicity Month”.




                                           Production Safety Training


                                                       2024
                                  No. of trainings                  Person-times

                                   5,224                          192,770
                                     2023: 4,702                    2023: 199,901




                         The Group published the Guide for Safe Construction of Information and Communications
                         Engineering” (ISBN 978-7-115-61752-1), summarizing the excellent experience in production
                         safety in the field of communications construction, and promoted the dissemination of the
                         experience in production safety in the field of communications construction to the front line
                         through the provision of training to all subcontractors at each level.




                         The Group published the Guide for Information and Intelligent Terminal Installation and
                         Maintenance Safety (ISBN 978-7-115-65390-1), which summarized the basic knowledge of
                         production safety, the key processes of safety management and theoretical knowledge of
                         installation and maintenance work.
142   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




       Hunan Company Held the 2024 Production Safety Emergency Drill
  The Hunan company, a subsidiary of the Group, centered around the
  theme of “Everyone Emphasizes Safety, Everyone Can Respond to
  Emergencies — Keep the Lifeline Clear”. With hands-on drills of
  emergency evacuation, the use of gas masks, and the firefighting of
  oil pan fires and electric vehicle fires as the core segments, it
  organized production safety emergency drills, distributed safety
  publicity materials, and carried out activities such as random
  questions competition for safety knowledge and firefighting
  knowledge.




       2024 Production Safety (Firefighting Skills) Labor
       Competition of Guangdong Company
  In order to further create a production safety atmosphere of “Everyone
  Emphasizes Safety, Everyone Can Respond to Emergencies”,
  enhance employees’ safety awareness, and improve the company’s
  emergency response and handling capabilities in terms of fire safety,
  the Guangdong company, a subsidiary of the Group, held the 2024
  Production Safety (Firefighting Skills) Labor Competition. A total of
  120 participants from 15 representative teams of its subordinate
  professional companies took part in the competition. The hands-on
  operation items consisted of five segments, including the 50-meter
  relay fire extinguishing, earthquake escape and rescue, crossing the
  fire line, stretcher making, and fire hose splicing.




       2024 “Jian’an Cup” Information and Communications Construction Industry
       Safety Competition
  The Group actively organized its subsidiaries to participate in the “Jian’an Cup” Information and Communications
  Construction Industry Safety Competition in 2024. After a fierce competition, the subsidiaries, employees and
  works of China Comservice won excellent results: 1 enterprise won the second prize of the team award, 2
  enterprises won the third prize of the team award, 5 enterprises won the excellent organization award, 1
  employee won the first prize of the individual award, 4 employees won the second prize of the individual award, 8
  employees won the third prize of the individual award. In addition, 5 entries received the best safety operation
  video award, 9 entries received the excellent safety operation video award, 1 case was selected as the Best
  Safety Management Case, 6 cases were selected as the Excellent Safety Management Case.
                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024     143

                                                                          ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Valuing Expert Talents
The Group formulated the Management Measures for Invited Experts of Production Safety of China Comservice, and
engaged multiple external experts to give full play to their technological supporting role. These experts created synergy
with the Group’s expert talents, thereby enhancing the Group’s education and training as well as the supervision and
management capabilities in respect of production safety.

Safeguarding the Occupational Health of Employees
The Group always values the occupational health management of its employees, strictly complies with the Law of the
PRC on the Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases and other relevant laws and regulations, and responds to
the requirements of the Healthy China Initiative (2019-2030). It provides occupational safety and protective equipment
that meets the national occupational health standards and requirements, and ensures the occupational health of all
employees.

In order to enhance health and safety management, the Group has introduced internationally recognized occupational
health and safety management system certification. As at the end of 2024, more than 110 subsidiaries of the Group
have obtained the international OHSAS 18001 certification, ISO 45001 certification or relevant domestic certifications,
etc.

Continuous Improvement of Production Safety Mechanisms
In 2024, the Group revised and issued three production safety management measures, namely, the Work Safety
Management Measures of China Comservice, the Implementation Rules for the Assessment and Accountability of Work
Safety Accidents of China Comservice (Trial), and the Work Guidelines for the Assessment of Responsibilities in
Preventing Work Safety Accidents of China Comservice (Trial). These measures further improved the enterprise’s safe
production responsibility system, clearly defined the production safety responsibilities of key position personnel such as
technician in-charge and building wardens, supplemented and refined the specific production safety requirements of
business departments and functional departments, and established a production safety evaluation and assessment
mechanism.

The Group issued the Notice on Regular Work Safety Interview and the Notice on Regular Special Inspections of Work
Safety Performance, further improving the long-lasting working mechanisms such as interviews and safety work reports.

The Group organized experts to compile the Several Measures for Further Strengthening Work Safety Management, fully
implementing the regulatory responsibilities of each functional department. The Group improved specific work measures
in terms of safety performance assessment, accident liability investigation and accountability, construction process
control and management, and incentives for expert talents, etc., and endeavored to enhance China Comservice’s
production safety management.

The Group established and implemented an accident reporting system and conducted quarterly surveys. In 2024, no
major production safety liability accidents occurred in the Group. In the past three years (including the reporting year),
there were no work-related injuries and deaths, or serious injuries to employees due to work responsibilities1, and there
were no lost workdays due to work-related injuries.




1
     The scope of the data covers current contract employees, which is counted based on the scope of responsibility for production safety, including
     those production safety incidents for which the Group has direct responsibility or management responsibility.
144      China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Supply Chain Management
The Group deeply integrates ESG into supply chain management and works with suppliers to implement ESG principles
in business contracts and practices. We actively guide suppliers to practice the concept of green development and
attach great importance to the protection of labor rights and interests within the supply chain, covering aspects such as
the prohibition of child labor and forced labor, the protection of labor rights and interests, ensuring occupational health
and safety, emphasizing environmental protection, protecting information security and privacy, adhering to business
ethics, and managing sanctions, etc. We have established a comprehensive supplier management system with strict
standards and processes from supplier entry, audit, selection, evaluation to withdrawal, and introduced a fair, just and
transparent supplier selection mechanism.

In compliance with relevant laws and regulations of the PRC, such as the PRC Civil Code, the Bidding Law of the PRC,
the Regulation on the Implementation of the Bidding Law of the PRC, the Measures for the Administration of Bidding for
Communications Engineering Construction Projects, the Management Measures for the Determination, Investigation and
Handling of Breaches of the Laws on Contract Issuing and Contracting of Construction Projects, the Administrative
Measures for General Contracting of Housing Construction and Municipal Infrastructure Projects, and the Opinions of
the General Office of the State Council on Promoting the Sustainable and Healthy Development of the Construction
Industry, the Group takes into account the actual situation of the enterprise to continuously improve the relevant
administrative methods on procurement and strengthens their implementation, with a focus on the management and
control over key procedures of, among others, the selection and management of suppliers, contract signing, safety
management, financial settlement, supervision and inspection. At the same time, it provides trainings on job skills and
safety education to the personnel of suppliers, and regulates their management on production safety, ensuring that the
suppliers comply with the national and local regulations on the payment of remuneration and labor management.

                                                                                                            Number of             Number of
                                                                                                               service               goods
Geographic Location                                                                                          suppliers             suppliers
   Northeast region                                                                                                  241                   118
   Northwest region                                                                                                1,452                   833
   Mid-South region                                                                                                2,147                 1,891
   Southwest region                                                                                                1,114                 1,562
   Northern China region                                                                                             937                   915
   Eastern China region                                                                                            3,846                 4,200
   Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan                                                                                         1                     0
   Overseas                                                                                                           94                     1
Total                                                                                                              9,832                 9,520


Note: Each supplier is counted only once according to the area of principal use; some suppliers supplying services and goods at the same time are
        counted separately on both sides.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2024    145

                                                            ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Develop a Fair and Equitable Supply Chain Environment
The Group implements hierarchical management of suppliers by its headquarters, provincial companies and professional
companies. The headquarters is responsible for establishing a synergistic procurement system, formulating procurement
management strategies and IT-based management requirements, and supervising, inspecting and assessing the
procurement management of provincial companies. Provincial companies are responsible for establishing their own
provincial procurement management system, carrying out the synergistic management of suppliers in the province
through the IT system, formulating the implementation rules for procurement management and improving the
corresponding internal control processes, and conducting inspection and assessment of the procurement situation of
professional companies. Professional companies are responsible for the specific implementation of procurement
management in their own units, formulating management standards or specific measures, and accepting supervision
and inspection by the headquarters and provincial companies.



                                        Supply Chain Management Model

                                    •    Adapting to the Company’s organizational structure and establishing the
                                         system of “three-level procurement and two-level centralized procurement”
            Organizational          •    Leveraging the Group’s subsidiary, China Comservice Supply Chain Co.,
            System                       Ltd., to implement centralized procurement
                                    •    Establishing “headquarters + 21 provincial companies” centralized
                                         procurement center



                                    •    Headquarters-level centralized procurement, provincial-level centralized
                                         procurement, professional company procurement
            Scope & Plan
                                    •    Classifying procurement types based on business development model,
                                         professional nature and other factors



                                    •    Procurement methods include tendering, comparison, quotations,
                                         competitive bargaining, competitive negotiation, competitive bidding,
            Procurement                  single-source procurement, etc.
            Method                  •    Implementing procurement according to the content and amount, taking
                                         into account both efficiency and effectiveness, to ensure the maximum
                                         transparency of procurement



                                    •    Formulating and utilizing standardized contract texts and adopting
                                         electronic approval throughout the process
            Contract & Price
                                    •    Establishing and implementing an “annual benchmark price” management
                                         system to control procurement costs reasonably




                                    •    Comprehensively using the “China Comservice procurement management
                                         platform” to conduct procurement work
            Supervision             •    Ensuring procurement data is comprehensive, timely, true and valid
                                    •    Improving the review and assessment mechanism to carry out supervision
                                         level-by-level
146    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Targeting the principal business activities and key issues of supply chain management, the Group formulated relevant
procurement supply chain management systems such as the China Communications Services Corporation Limited
Procurement Management Measures (Self-use Category), China Communications Services Corporation Limited
Procurement Management Measures (Contracting Business Services Category), China Communications Services
Corporation Limited Centralized Procurement Management Measures and China Communications Services Corporation
Limited Procurement Supplier Management Measures to ensure the achievement of procurement objectives, enhance
the enterprise’s ability to acquire and integrate external resources, and improve the efficiency and service standard of
the supply chain operation, thus fostering a green cooperation ecosystem of “integrity, efficiency, quality, stability and
reliability”.



   •     Supplier Database Management
         The unified information system is used to achieve hierarchical management of the supplier database. After
         the completion of procurement activities, the procurement execution department will submit an
         application for entry into the database, and the procurement centralized management department will
         conduct an audit. For suppliers who are no longer cooperating after the expiration of the cooperation
         period, should exit according to requirements and together with those included in the negative list, they
         will be removed from the supplier database.

   •     Supplier Post-evaluation
         The post-evaluation is divided into regular post-evaluation, annual post-evaluation and overall post-
         evaluation, and the post-evaluation results are aggregated by using a unified information system to ensure
         that the comprehensive performance of suppliers is reflected objectively. The post-evaluation results of
         suppliers are used as an important reference basis for all phases of procurement and cooperation.

   •     Supplier Rating, Rewards and Penalty
         Suppliers are rated and rewarded or penalized according to their post-evaluation and contribution level to
         determine their strategic value to the Company. Through rating, an effective competition mechanism of
         “survival of the fittest” is realized to aggregate high-quality suppliers. There are four ratings: A (preferred),
         B (eligible), C (reserve) and D (eliminated). In 2024, a total of 11,276 suppliers were rated.

   •     Supplier Negative List
         Specify the management standards of the suppliers’ negative list at different levels, and prohibit
         cooperation within the corresponding scope if there are any behaviors listed in the negative list, and
         ensure the implementation through the unified information system.


                           Integrity Efficiency Quality Stability Reliability



Supplier Communication
The Group fully implements the China Communications Services Corporation Limited Procurement Supplier
Management Measures. In order to facilitate suppliers and potential suppliers to accurately understand the Group’s
relevant policies on supplier management, we proactively disclose such measures to the public through “China
Comservice Procurement and Tendering Portal” (https://szyc.chinaccs.cn/).
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   147

                                                                  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Controllable Supply Chain Risk
Through continuous amendments and improvement on the system, the Group drives the implementation of the system
and further improves management, implementation and monitoring and inspection capabilities. It strictly follows the
supplier selection and examination procedures to eliminate the disqualified suppliers, to ensure that all suppliers enlisted
in the “supplier resource pool” have materials to prove they possess adequate capabilities to perform the contract and
control the risks. Such materials include enterprise qualifications issued by relevant government departments (the
construction enterprise qualification, the design qualification, the labor qualification and the production safety permit),
product standards and competence certificates recognized by the industry (product certificates and the service
capability evaluation), professional qualification certificates of relevant personnel (certificates related to special operations,
and certificates of safe production specialists of A, B and C classes). The Group instructs suppliers to improve their
awareness of production safety, eliminates hidden risks and hazards and promotes the healthy development of the
Company through a range of activities such as establishment of IT systems and standardization of management
processes.




              Pre-job                    •   Daily safety and technical briefings for construction operations
              Training                   •   Unified drills




              Working with               •   Climbing, electricity-related and other high-risk work scenarios require the
              Certificates                   appropriate certificates



                                         •   No insurance, no entry
              Purchase of
                                         •   Work-related injury insurance, with additional commercial insurance for
              Insurance
                                             construction business



                                         •   Pay the production safety fee in full and ensure the usage
              Labor Protection
                                         •   Central purchase of labor protective equipment with reliable quality




              Safety                     •   Complete on-site supervision by project manager
              Supervision                •   High frequency of safety inspection



When the Group enters into contracts with suppliers, the Group includes the Confidentiality Agreement, Production
Safety Agreement, Anti-Corruption Agreement and Environmental Protection Agreement as the main annexures to the
contracts, monitors the relevant situations through proactive audit activities to ensure the contracts are honored during
cooperation, and performs procedures such as termination of cooperation, withdrawal or inclusion in the list of negative
suppliers in accordance with the regulations for suppliers who have committed relevant risky acts.
148   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Green Procurement
The Group has incorporated “green and environmental friendly” as one of the principles in its procurement system,
practiced the concept of green procurement, and taken into account the requirements of environmental protection at
the beginning of raising the procurement needs, committing to work with the upstream and downstream of the supply
chain to reduce the damage and impact on the environment.



              Preference for                In centralized procurement, the presence or absence of the environmental
              Suppliers with                management system certification (ISO 14001) is one of the scoring criteria for
              Environmental                 suppliers, and a comprehensive evaluation of suppliers’ performance in
            Management System               energy management system construction, green emission reduction actions,
               Certification                carbon emission information disclosure, and other aspects is also conducted.


                                            In the centralized procurement of goods, specific environmental protection
               Preference for               clauses are set as one of the main technical requirements in the technical
             Products that Meet             specifications, and the implementation standard is “Requirements of
               Environmental                Concentration Limits for Certain Restricted Substances in Electrical and
            Protection Standards            Electronic Products” (GB/T 26572-2011), etc. Bidders are required to present
                                            their RoHS inspection reports.

                                            The Group’s subsidiaries are explicitly required in the system to strengthen
                                            the dissemination of environmental protection concepts to suppliers; for
                 Conveying
                                            service suppliers, the “Environmental Protection Agreement” is included as
               Environmental
                                            one of the main annexures to the contract and their implementation of
            Protection Concepts
                                            environmental protection responsibilities is strictly monitored; specific
                to Suppliers
                                            requirements are made for the packaging of goods in the centralized
                                            procurement of goods to prevent unnecessary excessive packaging.



            Disciplinary Action
                                            Suppliers who cause environmental pollution incidents can be withdrawn
           Against Suppliers who
                                            from the system and disqualified from cooperation according to the system.
           Neglect Environmental
                Protection                  During the year, no supplier was withdrawn accordingly.




                                            The Group put into operation of its “China Comservice Procurement
           Actively Exploring the           Management Platform”, covering many modules such as procurement and
            Whole Procurement
                                            tendering portal, procurement system, bidding system and e-mall, to
             Process through
                                            promote the whole procurement process to be accessed online and minimize
             Electronic Means
                                            carbon emissions from paper use and personnel travel.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   149

                                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Integrity and Self-discipline in Procurement
In accordance with the provisions of the Group’s procurement-related system, before the commencement of a
procurement project, all personnel involved are required to sign a “Commitment of Integrity and Self-discipline” to remind
them to perform their duties objectively and impartially and to serve as a basis for accountabilities afterwards. During the
year, the Group conducted an inspection and verified the supplier enterprises, and included 473 relevant enterprises into
the negative list of suppliers at the headquarters level in order to prevent the occurrence of integrity risks.



                      The Company’s Commitment of Integrity and Self-discipline includes commitments
                      to abide by relevant national laws and regulations, abide by various regulations on
                      work integrity, abide by company rules and regulations, ensure objective and fair
                      performance of duties without favoritism and malpractice, and eliminate all kinds of
                      unhealthy practices and corruption, among which special agreements are made for
                      abiding by professional ethics:

                      •   Do not accept gifts, gratuities, securities or any other benefits from bidders or other
                          interested parties.
                      •   Do not ask for any benefits such as money or materials from bidders or other interested
                          parties in any form.
                      •   Do not have expenses, which should be paid by individuals, reimbursed by bidders or other
                          interested parties.
                      •   Do not participate in entertainment, banquets, travel and other activities organized by
                          bidders or other interested parties.
                      •   Do not ask bidders or other interested parties to provide convenience for personal business
                          or family-run enterprises.
                      •   Strictly abide by other regulations related to work integrity.


Labor Rights Protection by Suppliers
The Group pays great attention to the protection of the rights and interests of the labor of its suppliers. In the process of
cooperation with suppliers during procurement, we ensure that the wages and remuneration packages provided by
suppliers are reasonable, wages are paid in a timely manner and all labor rights and interests are enforced through prior
review, inspection during the process and assessment afterwards. We urge service suppliers to strictly abide by the PRC
Labor Contract Law and other laws and regulations. According to the China Communications Services Corporation
Limited Procurement Management Measures (Contracting Business Services Category), suppliers must submit the list of
personnel participating in the project, personnel social insurance and labor contracts, technical management personnel
professional titles, education and special operation qualification certificates, employer liability insurance or accident
insurance materials for verifying their basic protection of labor rights and interests.

Service suppliers are urged to strictly abide by the Regulations on Ensuring Wage Payment to Migrant Workers and
other laws and regulations. The Group specifically opens a channel for whistleblowing and complaints regarding
defaulted migrant workers’ wages, ensuring that it is accessible, and actively coordinates the handling of relevant clues
received, regularly organizes personnel to conduct spot checks on suppliers’ payment of wages of migrant workers. The
Group could include suppliers who deliberately defaulted on migrant workers’ wages or caused mass events in the
negative list of suppliers according to the China Communications Services Corporation Limited Procurement Supplier
Management Measures. During this year, no supplier of the Group was included in the negative list due to salary dispute
incidents.

For subcontractors that cause mass incidents due to violations of laws and regulations such as child labor, working
hours overtime, or infringement of labor rights, the Group includes them in the negative list and prohibits procurement in
accordance with the China Communications Services Corporation Limited Procurement Supplier Management
Measures. There was no use of child labor or forced labor during the year.
150    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Supplier Training
For major suppliers that provide construction and other services, the Group requires its affiliated companies at all levels
to incorporate the training and education of their suppliers’ employees into the Company’s overall coordination and
planning.

During the year, the Group conducted a themed training course on production safety management for the installation
and maintenance of China Communications Services, which explicitly covered the personnel of outsourcing
(subcontracting) units. All levels of the company’s installation and maintenance business management and frontline
employees (including employees of outsourcing and subcontracting) were required to learn the basics of production
safety, the “three principles of non-violation”* and the “four principles of non-injury”* of production safety, the introduction
and wearing standards of protective gears, the safety of electric vehicles, the safety and first aid of fall from height and
electric shock, and the first aid of cardiopulmonary resuscitation, and to complete the tests.




Product Responsibility and Customers
Ensuring Quality of Service
The Group is committed to building a “Service Excellence” corporate image and continuously improves its service
quality. Over 100 subsidiaries of the Group have obtained ISO 9001/GB/T 19001 quality management system
certification.

In 2024, the Group issued the Notice on the Requirements for Strengthening Customer Service Quality Management
and the Notice on the Establishment of a Special Team for Supervision of Customer Service Quality Management of
China Comservice to further strengthen the management of customer service quality, standardize and improve the
three-tier supervision and management system of customer service quality, improve the channels for customers’
complaints and feedback, and promote the enhancement of service awareness of its subsidiaries at all levels to improve
management standard and service quality, enhance customer satisfaction, shape the company’s good image, build a
service quality “moat” and construct a service golden signboard.

In order to improve the management and supervision system of overseas customer service quality of China Comservice
and establish a complaint and feedback channel and processing mechanism of customer service quality, the Group has
issued the Notice on the Establishment of Overseas Customer Service Quality Complaint and Feedback Mailbox, which
is exclusively for the purpose of receiving and processing the opinions, suggestions and complaints on the service and
quality of operation contracts by overseas customers.




*     Three principles of non-violation: commands with non-violation, operations with non-violation, and labor discipline with non-violation
      Four principles of non-injury: non-injury on yourself, non-injury on others, non-injury by others, and non-injury by protecting others
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024    151

                                                              ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




In terms of the delivery management of contracting business, the Group implements the China Communications
Services Corporation Limited Contracting Business Delivery Management Measures to regulate the whole process from
project initiation, implementation to completion, acceptance and settlement, to streamline the responsibilities of internal
and external parties and management processes in the delivery process, and to promote internal management and
customer satisfaction through scientific, regulated, standardized and effective delivery management.


                                     Measures to Ensure Quality of Service


                                      1.    Determine the departments and persons responsible for delivery quality

                                            management

                                      2.    Develop clear delivery quality standards with clients for specific projects

                                      3.    Quality control/inspection/assessment during delivery process

                                      4.    One-time quality acceptance pass target

                                      5.    Use of digitalized control tools

                                      6.    Data archiving/experience accumulation/continuous improvement




Awards
This year, the Group consistently enhanced its project management capabilities and customer service quality for
construction projects. Subsidiaries of the Group participated in the 2024 Information and Communications Engineering
Construction Project Quality Evaluation, organized by the Communication Engineering Construction Branch of the China
Association of Communication Enterprises (CACE).


                                                                                          Number of
                           Type                                       Rating                Awards           Proportion

          Quality Evaluation of Information and                                                7                100%
          Communications Engineering Construction                                              29                93%
          Projects

          Quality Evaluation of Green Design                                                   15                50%
          Achievements in Information and                                                      22                45%
          Communications

          Quality Evaluation of Exemplary Cases in Green                                       6                 60%
          and Low-Carbon Design for Information and                                            9                 25%
          Communications


Responding to Customer Complaints/Customer Satisfaction Management
Adhering to the “customer-centric” development philosophy, the Group pays great attention to customer perception,
establishing a three-tier customer service quality management and supervision system, and each provincial company
has set up a dedicated team for customer service quality management supervision. Catering to the characteristics of
government and enterprise customers, we establish service departments targeting different customer groups and apply
“Smart Marketing System”, to build direct and efficient communication channels with customers, and timely follow up on
customer needs through customer visits, technical exchanges, delivery implementation, maintenance services, after-
sales follow-up, satisfaction surveys, and other methods in pre-sales, during-sales, and after-sales stages. The Group’s
subsidiaries have actively conducted satisfaction surveys this year to listen to customer feedback.
152    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




In 2024, the Group opened up a complaint channel, added a feedback channel of “customer service and quality” in the
“report area” of the Company’s website, configured special mailboxes for complaints and feedback on the quality of
customer service in each province, incorporated the complaint channel into the text of contracts or attachments, and
comprehensively disclosed the channel to customers. The Group set up a response mechanism for customer
complaints, and formulated different response processes for serious complaints and general complaints. The Group
implemented closed-loop management of customer complaints handling, recorded the handling process in written form
and filed it. The Group organized service quality meetings from time to time, collected and handled customers’ service
opinions and suggestions, carried out service quality analysis, actively explored the deep-level causes of customer
complaints, formulated specific rectification measures, and formed an effective enhancement mechanism.

In 2024, customers were generally satisfied with the quality of the Group’s services and there were no material
complaints or disputes. The Group is in the informatization communications services industry, and is mainly engaged in
project design, construction, supervision and maintenance services for the communications service industry, which does
not involve product recall.


Intellectual Property Protection
The Group strictly complies with all the laws and regulations in relation to the protection of intellectual property rights,
such as the PRC Civil Code, the PRC Trademark Law, the PRC Patent Law, the PRC Copyright Law and the PRC Anti-
Unfair Competition Law, while continuously enhancing its awareness of intellectual property rights protection, handling
and resolving infringement disputes on a timely basis. The Group continuously strengthens its trademark management,
standardizes the use of registered trademarks, focuses on brand protection while promoting its brands and enhancing
its own brand value, and carries out intellectual property research on the Company’s emerging businesses.

The Group has formulated the Measures for the Management of Research and Development Projects of the
Headquarters of China Comservice, which stipulate the contents of research and development results, the
responsibilities of the management department, the registration and archiving of results, the protection and confidentiality
of results, and the application and promotion of results, so as to promote the improvement of the management of
technological results and accelerate the promotion and application of technological results. The Group issued the Notice
on Further Strengthening the Management of Cooperative R&D and Intellectual Property Rights Compliance and carried
out many publicity programs to establish a long-term mechanism to ensure that the intellectual property rights protection
work is legal and compliant. The Group organizes law-enforcement seminars from time to time to enhance its
employees’ knowledge of, respect to, compliance with and usage of relevant laws and regulations and their awareness
and levels of intellectual property rights protection.

The Group emphasizes the protection of intellectual property rights in the process of product research and development,
and has applied corresponding patents or software copyrights.




                                                            2024

                            The Group obtained             619 new authorized patents,
                                        1,096 new patents accepted,
                                        1,387 new software copyrights.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   153

                                                                ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Information Security and Privacy Safeguards/Cybersecurity
The Group attaches great importance to the protection of information, privacy and data security of the Company, its
employees and customers, and strictly complies with the laws and regulations such as the PRC Cybersecurity Law, the
PRC Data Security Law, the PRC Personal Information Protection Law, and continuously improves a series of systems
such as the Management Measures for Network and Information Security and the Management Measures for Data
Security of the Group to regulate internal network, information and data security management. More than 50 companies
under the Group have ISO27001 information security management system certification, 17 companies have information
security service qualifications, 11 companies have GB/T 22080-2016 information security management system
requirements, and the relevant employees hold qualification certificates such as CISP, CISSP, CISA and CISP-DSG.

Network and Information Security Management System
The Group’s Network and Information Security Leading Group is the network and information security management
body, headed by the President of the Company. Each of its provincial companies has set up its Network and Information
Security Leading Group to fulfill the responsibility for network and information security. The Group and all of its provincial
companies regularly hold monthly meetings of the Leading Group to discuss and make decisions on network and
information security matters.

Network/Information Security and Privacy Protection Training and Dissemination
The Group strengthened the training and dissemination of network and information security and privacy protection for its
employees. In 2024, a total of seven training sessions on network and information security were organized by the Group
for relevant management and technical personnel, including policy interpretation, awareness dissemination, skill
enhancement, situation analysis and warning education, with a total of over 36,000 person-times’ participation. We
actively participated in publicity activities such as National Security Education Day and Cybersecurity Publicity Week,
and we have been raising the awareness of internal employees on network and information security and privacy
protection through online and offline forms such as special training by external experts, poster publicity and video
dissemination. We organized internal network and data security skills competitions and actively participated in external
competitions, and received the silver award in the points competition and the gold award in the instructor competition of
the “Shuxin Cup” Data Security Competition to improve security protection capabilities through competitions.
154   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Building a Strong Line of Defense for Network and Information Security
The Group actively carries out regular security operations and organizes 7 x 24 hrs round-the-clock security monitoring
relying on the cybersecurity operation centre, regularly analyses security situation, conducts and organizes offensive and
defensive drills and social engineering drills covering the entire Group, conducts special inspections and checks on key
issues, and establishes an all-rounded emergency response mechanism and process.

In order to strengthen information security protection, the Group continues to promote various special actions, organizes
data security compliance assessments, and conducts regular inspections of new technologies and businesses.
Meanwhile, it carries out assessments and inspections of its own APPs involving users’ personal data to effectively
protect users’ personal information and avoid excessive claims to rights.

Culture and Responsibility of Privacy and Security
In 2024, no occurrence of leakage of customer privacy and information was identified within the Group. The Group
enters into relevant information protection agreements in accordance with the customer needs and signs confidentiality
agreements with relevant employees according to actual needs, which are strictly complied after signing. The possibility
of leakage of customer privacy is also eliminated through technical means such as isolation from the Internet, data
desensitization and encryption, data leakage prevention and data auditing.

The Group issued the Notice on Carrying out the Study and Publicity of Data Security Law and Personal Information
Protection Law, which requires the strengthening of the systematic study and publicity of the PRC Data Security Law,
the PRC Personal Information Protection Law and the PRC Cybersecurity Law, ensuring that all employees fully
understand and master it in depth, clarifying the bottom line, not touching the red line, and effectively regulating data
and information processing activities.

Cybersecurity Capabilities
The Group actively responds to the national strategy of building China into a cyberpower. In recent years, we have
strategically focused on network and information security, continuously increasing our research and development
investments. The Group has established a sub-brand of “CCS Cyber Security” and set up a professional team to serve
the country, customers and industry, so as to provide overall network and information security solutions and
comprehensive products and services for national key information infrastructure industry clients and undertake the
construction of several national major network and information security projects. Having participated in compiling the
national and industrial standards, white papers and monographs for network and information security, the Group was
accredited the ministerial-level “Pilot Demonstration of Cybersecurity Technology Application”. Its own core products
and services have been selected in the “China Cybersecurity Industry Panorama” published by “AQNIU”, a think tank in
the cybersecurity industry, for many times. The brand influence of “CCS Cyber Security” is gradually increasing.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   155

                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




                         Based on the actual combat perspective of network attack and defense, a one-
                         stop correlation analysis system of internal and external network integration
     Cyberspace
                         mapping is constructed to realize the closed-loop governance of “internal network
    Surveying and
                         assets + Internet exposed assets” integration, high precision and full coverage,
   Mapping Platform
                         which helps the national key industries to identify high-risk attack surfaces, create
                         holographic maps of cyberspace and realize wall chart operations of safe assets.


                         Facing the actual needs of complex operation of national key information
                         infrastructure operating units, it provides in-depth analysis of security threats
  Intelligent Security   and automatic response capability of security arrangement, realizes the
  Operation Platform     closed loop of the whole process of security risk detection, monitoring,
                         disposal and early warning, and helping national key information infrastructure
                         operating units to improve safety operation efficiency.


                         We provide data security supervision services such as data asset
                         management, data desensitization management, interface security
    Data Security
                         management and access and operation audit management to help
  Monitoring Platform
                         customers improve their overall data security capabilities and enhance their
                         data security assurance capabilities.


                         It integrates cryptographic services, application access management,
                         situational awareness and unified monitoring, calls the underlying
  Cloud Cryptographic    cryptographic software and hardware resources and services, and provides
    Service Platform     cryptographic services distributed on demand and flexibly expanded for
                         government cloud applications to ensure the authenticity, confidentiality,
                         integrity and non-repudiation of government cloud applications.

                         It realizes the integration of real network training, simulation research and
                         offensive and defensive competitive capability, meets the needs of scenario-
  Training Simulation    based and customized training simulation drills in national key information
   Exercise Platform     infrastructure, helping security services and offensive and defensive teams to
                         quickly improve their technical and combat capabilities in maintenance and
                         operation and actual combat confrontation.

                         By aggregating information security experts through Internet crowdsourcing,
Comservice Crowdsource
                         and based on an intelligent control model with in-depth integration of “artificial
  Testing and Security
                         + automation”, we provide operators, government and enterprise customers
      Vulnerability
     Management          and venture-startup teams a full set of one-stop services with cybersecurity
        Platform         vulnerability management as the core, realizing the visibility, control and
                         management of the whole life cycle of vulnerabilities.
156   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




       Selected as a Typical Case of Cybersecurity Technology Application at the
       Ministerial Level
  The “Video Surveillance Intelligent Application System” jointly developed by the Group’s subsidiaries, including
  Guangdong company, Tisson Regaltec Communications Technologies Co., Ltd. and Guangdong Electronic
  Certification Authority Co., Ltd. has been successfully selected as one of the “Typical Cases of Cybersecurity
  Technology Application in 2024” assessed and announced by the General Offices of thirteen ministries including the
  Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and others.

  The Group is the first enterprise in China to put forward an innovative comprehensive solution of “based on localized
  foundation + security gateway + video security + large model visual application”, creating a video data element
  security circulation system from the bottom to the application, effectively solving the problem of hidden security
  hazards in urban governance, and promoting the efficient convergence, safe sharing and artificial intelligence
  application of multi-sectoral video surveillance resources in the city.



       Contribution to Cybersecurity Talent Cultivation and Evaluation
  As one of the core units in the construction of domestic security standard system, the Group participated in the
  research, discussion and compilation of the White Paper on Practical Capability of Cybersecurity Talents-Security
  Testing and Evaluation.

  The white paper focuses on the theme of “security testing and evaluation” for the first time, combines theory and
  practice, and puts forward a set of three-dimensional comprehensive evaluation method for security testing and
  evaluation of talent’s capability (GPE method), including the three aspects of General Ability, Professional Ability and
  Evaluation Level, providing a feasible solution for the cultivation and evaluation of security testing and assessment
  talents in the construction of Digital China, and bridging the gap in the research on the current situation of
  cybersecurity talent assessment in China.



       Strategic Cooperation in the Field of Cybersecurity
  The Group’s subsidiary Guangdong company, Guangdong E-commerce Company signed a strategic cooperation
  agreement with Guang Dong Medicine Exchange Co. Ltd. to jointly establish the “Health Digital Intelligence
  Laboratory”. After the signing of the strategic agreement, the three parties will work hand in hand on the construction
  of the Health Digital Intelligence Laboratory, jointly explore the application scenarios and modes of data in the health
  industry, develop software products related to the health industry, promote the laboratory’s R&D results and
  technological advances, and continue to promote industrial upgrading.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   157

                                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Anti-corruption
Strengthening Integrity Construction
The Group always strictly abides by the PRC Criminal Law, the PRC Oversight Law, the Law of PRC Administrative
Discipline for Public Officials, the PRC Company Law, the PRC Anti-Money Laundering Law, the PRC Anti-Unfair
Competition Law, the Regulation on the Integrity of State-owned Enterprise Officials and other laws and regulations, and
complies with social morality, business ethics and industry rules. The Group is committed to business integrity, opposes
unfair competition and eliminates corrupt practices in business activities, including but not limited to bribery, extortion,
fraud and money laundering.

The Group attaches great importance to strengthening integrity and discipline
education. It studies and formulates documents such as the Notice of China
Comservice on Further Strengthening Integrity Education and Discipline Education,
and guides and supervises management and employees at all levels to improve
their awareness of integrity and red line by holding warning education conferences,
reporting typical cases, conducting integrity propaganda, reminding in daily
conversations and publicizing through new media platforms. In 2024, the Group
held a total of 633 warning education conferences, reported a total of 3,665 typical
cases through various channels, and intensified deterrence and fostered a strict
atmosphere at every level. Carrying out integrity propaganda, all levels of
enterprises launched discipline propaganda a total of 2,276 times, continued to
build a strong ideological line of defence of integrity and self-discipline. Promoting
the culture of integrity, the Group has been actively building a brand of integrity
culture through the self-produced “Discipline Defined by Cases, Long-lasting Alarm
Bell” warning case collection, “Insatiable Greed in Transactions” warning education film, as well as the integrity culture
educational short video, infographics, etc. The Group released “Welcome National Day, Celebrate Mid-Autumn Festival”,
“Integrity Atmosphere during Double Festivals” and other integrity propaganda short videos and integrity infographics on
“China Comservice Hongyun” official Wechat account, with a total of 21 pieces. The Group established integrity culture
corner and columns in the digital intelligent supervision system and published 903 pieces of short videos, photography,
calligraphy and painting works and other types of educational materials, which formed “source of fresh water” of integrity
culture educational materials, and created a regular and long-term effect, solid cultivation of integrity culture missionary
mechanism.
158    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Formulating the Code of Conduct and Ethics for Employees
The Group has formulated non-compliance management regulations covering all employees, including the Code of
Conduct and Ethics for Employees, the Code of Conduct and Ethics for Senior Management and the Code of
Professional Conduct for Employees to supervise senior management and employees to comply with them consciously.
These codes and guidelines set out the Group’s regular initiatives in areas, including anti-corruption, fraud, conflict of
interest, anti-discrimination, anti-competition and confidentiality, which form the basis for the Group to deliver its
products and services in a responsible manner. These codes and guidelines provide guiding principles for all employees
of the Group to act with integrity, impartiality and honesty, and clarify the provisions for the handling of and punishment
in the event of violations, including honest practice standards, network information security and confidentiality
management, attendance management, meeting standards, daily office and etiquette standards.

The Code of Conduct and Ethics is available in Chinese and English and uploaded to the Company’s website (www.
chinaccs.com.hk) for staff reference at any time.

Improving the Supervision System
The Group continues to establish and improve the supervision system in order to strengthen the restriction and
supervision to the exercises of power. Focusing on key areas and key sections, the Group carries out targeted special
governance and supervision, optimizes relevant system processes, improves risk prevention and control capabilities,
and resolutely prevents major risks. In 2024, the Group focused on strengthening supervision and inspection over
important nodes, strictly and genuinely reinforced the conversation reminders for and daily supervision on management
and personnel in key positions at all levels, supervised specialized agencies to conduct 6,108 active interviews, and
conducted 3,802 on-site supervisions and inspections at major festivals and nodes. The Group integrated all kinds of
supervision efforts from human resources, audit, risk management, business and finance, etc. and established 4 major
supervision systems and 8 collaborative mechanisms, optimizing a synergistic and efficient enterprise general supervision
system, and promoting the integration of all kinds of supervision in a concerted effort.

Whistleblowing
The Group has established a whistleblowing mechanism, and continuously strengthened the management of problem
clues through complain letters and visits, and enhanced the development of integrity culture. We strictly implemented
regulations such as the Working Rules for Handling Reports and Complaints by Discipline Inspection and Supervision
Agencies, handling compliants and accusations according to regulations, discipline, and law, strictly implementing
confidentiality requirements to effectively protect the rights of those making accusations. The complaint acceptance
process is regulated. When the Group’s internal employees and business partners identify corruption and bribery of our
staff, they can report by real-name or anonymously through the post office box (Beijing, 100033 mailbox 33 bin), or by
telephone or by visiting in person. The information of the whistleblower will be kept strictly confidential. The Group strictly
implements the Working Rules of Discipline Inspection and Supervision Agencies for Handling Reports and Complaints,
handles reports and complaints in accordance with regulations, disciplines and laws, strictly implements the
confidentiality requirements, and effectively protect the rights of the whistleblowers.

During the year, the Group provided training to directors and employees on anti-corruption.



                         Education Activities for Anti-corruption and Integrity Promotion


                                                           2024
                                      No. of trainings                  Person-times

                                       1,965                           65,316
                                       2023: 1,426                      2023: 46,322
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024     159

                                                                ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Group attaches great importance to the development of an anti-corruption system, always maintains a highhanded
anti-corruption stance at all times, enforces discipline and accountability seriously with “zero tolerance” for violations of
laws, regulations and disciplines, and deals with them seriously in accordance with the requirements of laws and
regulations to maintain the normal operation order of the Group. During the reporting period, there were no concluded
litigation cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the Group or its employees.


                                       Leverage the role of the anti-corruption coordination team. Hold regular
                                       coordination team meetings, formulate an annual monitoring plan checklist to
            Organizational             promote and optimize the organic integration of auditing, human resources,
            System                     finance, business and other kinds of supervision, and actively build a
            Construction               synergistic and efficient supervision system.
                                       Continue to promote the in-depth development on the supervision of the
                                       grassroots, establish a team of honest supervisors at the grassroots level, and
                                       open up the “last mile” of grassroots supervision.




                                       Formulate relevant implementation measures to further strengthen work style
                                       construction, and persevere in alleviating and reducing the burdens on the
                                       grassroots. Extraordinarily promote the special rectification of unhealthy work
            Work Style
                                       styles and corruption issues around the masses, resolved 145 issues that the
            Construction
                                       masses are “urgently concerned about, have difficulty to solve, worry about,
                                       and eagerly hope for”, and enhance the sense of gain, happiness, and security
                                       of grassroots employees.




                                       By conducting warning education meetings level by level, we compiled a
                                       collection of cautionary cases titled “Discipline Defined by Cases, Long-lasting
                                       Alarm Bell” and produced specialized warning education films. We deeply
            Warning                    engaged in integrity warning education, ensuring employees respect and fear
            Education                  rules and maintain bottom lines, effectively building a strong mindset of
            Enhancement                integrity and self-discipline. Besides, we strengthened the development of
                                       family virtues and education, fully leveraging the role of families in consistently
                                       promoting integrity and calculating the “integrity account” to aid in fostering
                                       integrity.
160   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




SOCIAL PARTICIPATION
The Group has always fulfilled its responsibilities as a State-owned enterprise in disaster relief and emergency support,
actively participated in rural revitalization and the improvement of people’s livelihood, encouraged its employees to
participate in social welfare activities to strive to give back to society and contribute to the building of a harmonious
society.


Communications Support for Major Events

       Supporting Shenzhou-19
  One week before the launch of “Shenzhou-19” manned spacecraft, Gansu company of the Group formally activated
  the emergency communications support plan, determined the supporting personnel and organized the supporting
  materials to set up the emergency support vanguard team. 24 hours before the launch of “Shenzhou-19” manned
  spacecraft, the emergency support vanguard team stationed at the site, inspected the base stations involved in the
  supporting zone one by one, eliminated the faults such as the dynamic ring being offline, and checked the power
  supply situation at all times to ensure the smooth operation of the regional network.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   161

                                                          ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Support for the China International Import Expo (CIIE) for Seven Consecutive Years
1.   Wireless network coverage
     Shanghai Posts and Telecommunications Designing Consulting Institute Co., Ltd, a subsidiary of the Group,
     tested and optimized the networks of the venues related to the event. It organized a communications design
     service team for the event, docked with operators and construction parties, completed the design plan, guided
     the construction unit in on-site installation and construction, laid, fused and activated fiber optic cables, and
     ensured the stable coverage of wireless network signals at the site of the event and the relevant key scenarios.

2.   Live broadcast optical cable project
     Shanghai Telecom Science & Technology Development Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Group, undertook the
     optical cable project for the live video broadcast of China Central Television (CCTV) and the task of activating
     network in the new media broadcasting hall. It focused on safeguarding the “Beijing-Shanghai” dedicated lines
     and broadband services. At the same time, it strengthened the comprehensive inspection of communications
     resources related to live broadcast venues, broadcast vehicles, etc., to ensure that the optical cable lines were
     always in good working condition.

3.   Communications maintenance of 2,200 kilometers
     The support team from Shanghai Gonglian Communication Information Development Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of
     the Group, was on duty for 24 hours a day. The long-distance trunk line inspection team collaborated with
     partner units to conduct inspections on the long-distance lines and optical cables across the city, covering a
     distance of approximately 2,200 kilometers.
162   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Disaster Relief
The Group actively practices its social responsibility, assists in emergency support all over the country in major natural
disasters and public safety incidents without delay, actively assists in repairing communications lines and ensuring
smooth communications networks.

In 2024, the Group contributed resources including a total of over 147,600 person-times and 53,800 vehicle-times,
repaired more than 157,500 communications facilities and participated in disaster relief for more than 282,400 hours,
while actively participating in post-disaster pandemic prevention and disinfection as well as environmental clean-up.




        Low-temperature, Snowy and Icy Disasters in Southern Regions
  A wide range of low-temperature, snowy, and icy weather conditions occurred in Hunan Province. Affected by the
  low-temperature, snowy, and icy weather, the communications infrastructure in many places suffered from numerous
  fallen and broken poles due to the snow disaster.

  The Hunan company, a subsidiary of the Group, took up the challenge in the cold weather. It traveled through the icy
  roads, carried out emergency repairs on base stations and optical cables, and endeavored to ensure smooth
  communication. A total of 12,414 person-times of construction workers and 3,951 vehicle-times of production
  vehicles were contributed. A total of 13,801 faulty sites (ODN and base stations) were restored.




        Earthquake in Aksu Region, Xinjiang
  A 7.1 magnitude earthquake occurred in Wushi County, Aksu Region, Xinjiang
  Uygur Autonomous Region. After the earthquake, the Xinjiang company, a
  subsidiary of the Group, promptly activated the emergency response mechanism
  and formed a rescue team to rush to the earthquake-affected areas immediately to
  carry out emergency communications supporting work.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   163

                                                          ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Large-scale Mountain Fire in Yajiang Area, Sichuan Province
A large-scale mountain fire broke out suddenly in Yajiang
County and Shade Town of Garze Tibetan Autonomous
Prefecture, resulting in a large-scale power outage in Garze
Prefecture. Communications services in many areas such
as Jiulong County, Shade in Kangding City, and Xinduqiao
were hindered. The Sichuan company, a subsidiary of the
Group, activated the emergency response plan for
unexpected incidents immediately, dispatched emergency
repair vehicles overnight, and urgently headed to the front
line of the disaster-stricken area to carry out
communications emergency repair work.




     Fighting against Typhoon “Yagi” and Supporting the Communications Lines in
     Hainan
The super typhoon Yagi landed in Wenchang City, Hainan Province, causing serious losses to the communications
facilities and services across the whole province of Hainan, including flooding in a large number of machine rooms,
power outage in groups of base stations, and damage in countless pieces of equipment.

The emergency command and dispatching team for Typhoon Yagi at the headquarters of the Group coordinated the
forces of multiple parties immediately, urgently assembled 342 teams from 11 provincial companies including
Guangdong, Hunan, Jiangxi, Hubei, Guangxi, Guizhou, and China Comservice Construction Co., Ltd. These teams
rushed to Hainan overnight to carry out communication repair work. A total of more than 14,000 person-times of
communications support personnel were contributed, more than 4,500 vehicle-times were deployed, and more than
2,500 machine-times of various instruments, meters, and generators were dispatched.
164    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Rural Revitalisation
The Group actively fulfills its corporate social responsibility, vigorously promotes the spirit of poverty alleviation,
consolidates and expands the achievements of poverty alleviation efforts, promotes effective linkage between poverty
alleviation and rural revitalization, leverages its own advantages, continues to implement major assistance policies, and
supports the development of poverty alleviation areas and rural revitalization.

The Group formulated and issued the “Key Points of China Comservice’s Work to Assist Rural Revitalization in 2024”,
establishing and improving a working mechanism to effectively connect the consolidation and expansion of poverty
alleviation achievements with rural revitalization. The Group required all its provincial subsidiaries to report on the
progress of rural revitalization on monthly basis, and established a monthly report account to supervise and guide all
provincial companies to complete various work arrangements for rural revitalization on a monthly basis to ensure that
annual task targets are fully completed.



        Targeted Assistance
  The Group actively cooperated with the China Charity Federation, a third-party organization. In 2024, it introduced
  RMB1.2 million of gratuitous assistance funds from a third party for the targeted assistance in Shufu County, Xinjiang.
  The total amount of funds continued to grow, effectively facilitating the implementation of rural revitalization work at
  the targeted assistance areas.



        Consumption-based Assistance
  In 2024, the Group actively carried out consumption-based assistance work, effectively fulfilled its social
  responsibilities and the duties as a state-owned enterprise. It organized the labor unions of its subordinate provincial-
  level companies to purchase agricultural and sideline products from 4 targeted assistance counties through the
  Tianhu Yunshang platform and the Comservice Express platform. A total of RMB38.99 million was spent on
  purchasing products for consumption-based assistance, with a per capita purchase amount of RMB350, exceeding
  the target set by the Group and made contributions to the increment of the Group’s performance.



        Empowering Rural Revitalization with Technology
  1.     “Smart Fisheries”
         The “Smart Fisheries” project of the Sichuan company, a
         subsidiary of the Group, further integrates digital technology
         into the field of agricultural production. It has created a “smart
         Cloud Aquaculture Management System”, which, together with
         detection sensors, sensing and control devices, and automatic
         execution terminal devices, realizes the automated management
         of the entire process of single aquatic product aquaculture. This
         makes the aquaculture process entirely visible, and the
         management of the digital and intelligent aquaculture system
         can be achieved with just a few taps of the finger.

  2.     Rectification of Rural Pole and Line Assets
         The rural pole and line asset rectification project carried out by the Zhejiang company, a subsidiary of the
         Group, is an intelligent measure to solidly promote the improvement of the rural living environment. Supported
         by technologies such as the Internet of Things and big data, it realizes the digital management of rural pole and
         line assets, improves management efficiency, and reduces maintenance costs. The project also promotes the
         practice of “integration of multiple poles and integration of multiple boxes”, eliminating phenomena such as “multiple
         poles standing in disorder” and “dense lines”, reducing the costs of urban management, and improving the
         intensity of rural infrastructure.
                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   165

                                                                                 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Employee Care
Adhering to employee-centric principle, the Group focuses on strengthening employee care, and actively launches the
employees’ sense of happiness program. It pays attention to the thoughts, work and life dynamics of employees, utilize
platforms such as the “Digital Union” to timely understand employees’ needs, thoughts, and expectation, and find ways
and means to solve the urgent, difficult and worrying problems of employees, in order to continuously improve their
sense of security, sense of gain, sense of achievement, sense of belonging and sense of happiness. The Group insists
on “sending warmth in winter and coolness in summer”, offers “five visits and five congratulations”*, and always offers
visits during festivals to retired employees, advanced and model workers and employees in difficulty.




        The Group encourages its staff to actively participate in and organize various types of voluntary services and activities




          The First Employee Badminton Competition of China Comservice
    The labor union of the Group sponsored, and the labor unions of Fujian company and Hainan company, subsidiaries
    of the Group, undertook the “First Employee Badminton Competition of China Comservice”. A total of 210 employees
    from 25 participating teams of various provincial-level subsidiaries of the Group took part in the competition.




          Singing Competition Organized by Guangdong Company
    On the occasion of the 75th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China, the Guangdong company,
    a subsidiary of the Group, held a singing competition with the theme of “Hundreds, Thousands and Ten Thousands”.




Note:


*       “five visits and five congratulations”: the Group visits sick employees in hospitals, employees who have special family difficulties, bereaved
        employees, employees who encounter material family disputes, and employees who disagree with other colleagues. The Group also congratulates
        employees on their birthdays, weddings, giving birth, their children’s admission to colleges (or the army) and their retirement.
166   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




       Reunion under Full Moon during Mid-Autumn Festival
  Each overseas company of the Group held Mid-Autumn Festival celebration activities to celebrate the Mid-Autumn
  Festival for overseas employees.




       Employee Marathon
  Hunan Comservice bravely participated in the event in Zhangjiajie, “sped ahead” on the marathon track
  and won the championship
  The labor union of the Hunan Company, a subsidiary of the Group, organized 7 employees from the company’s “running
  team” to participate in the “2024 Zhangjiajie Marathon”. Eventually, they won the team championship with a total
  marathon time of 11 hours 35 minutes and 27 seconds.

  The “Horse Gang” of Comservice running in Spring
  The Zhejiang company, a subsidiary of the Group, organized its employees to participate in the “2024 Zhejiang
  Marathon Relay Race” and won the third place in the category of Communications Industry.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   167

                                                            ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Visiting Grassroots Units during the Spring Festival to Give Warm to the Strivers
On the occasion of the Spring Festival in 2024, the Guangdong company, a subsidiary of the Group, and its labor
union carried out a Spring Festival caring and consolation activity. They visited representatives of front-line employees,
model workers and craftsmen, science and technology experts, outstanding young persons, employees in need, and
employees on long-term business trips, sending them best wishes and regards for the Spring Festival.




     “Digital Transformation, Youth Takes the Lead”, Digital Application Promotion
     Seminar
In order to accelerate the pace of the enterprise’s digital transformation, build an efficient digitalization work
communications platform, enhance the digital thinking ability of young employees, and promote digital applications,
the Guangxi company, a subsidiary of the Group, held a digital application promotion seminar with the theme of “Digital
Transformation, Youth Takes the Lead”.




     Team Building Activities
The Group focuses on the physical and mental health of employees, organizing them to participate in various
competitions, team-building, and recreational activities. These activities aim to enhance relationships among
employees, alleviate stress, and continuously boost employee happiness.
168    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



INVESTOR RELATIONS


The Company attaches great importance to maintaining close and effective communication with the capital market, and builds
sound relationship with investors through proactive interaction with various means. In 2024, the Company further strengthened
its investor relations’ initiatives under the principles of high transparency, accuracy, timeliness, fairness and effectiveness.


INVESTOR RELATIONS WORK OVERVIEW
In 2024, digital economy developed rapidly, which has become an important support and key driver to the development
of new quality productive forces. By seizing the opportunities arising from the deep integration of digital technology with
the real economy, as well as digitalization and intelligentization, taking technological innovation as the lead, the Company
continued to deeply expand into the strategic emerging industries, and achieved stable revenue during the year.
Coupled with the effective implementation of quality and efficiency enhancing measures, the Company’s operating
efficiency continued to improve steadily. While striving to enhance its operating results and shareholders’ returns, the
Company was also devoted to improving information disclosure, enhancing transparency and elaborating on its
development strategies, initiatives and results. Meanwhile, the Company strengthened its communication with the capital
market through multi-level interactive communication by utilizing various means, including physical meetings, online
meetings and digital technologies, etc., so as to effectively convey the Company’s investment value to the capital market
and strengthen the market’s recognition and investment confidence in the Company’s value and future prospects. As a
result of the above efforts, the Company’s investor relations still achieved positive results during the year despite the
challenges in the macroeconomy and the volatility of the stock market. Among which, the Company’s share price
significantly outperformed the market for the second consecutive year in 2024, with an increase in the number of
securities firms covering the Company, as well as further diversification of shareholder mix. Moreover, the Company
received a number of awards related to investor relations in the capital market.


INVESTOR RELATIONS ACTIVITIES
In 2024, the Company actively initiated multi-level interactive communication with investors, including results briefings
which combined physical meetings with online means, non-deal roadshows, teleconferences, video conferences and
investor forums organized by brokerage firms, so as to continually enhance the communication with the capital market.
During the year, the Company’s chairman, president and other relevant management participated in the results briefings in
person and had in-depth communication with investors; the Company’s independent non-executive directors also joined
the results briefing to better understand investors’ concern about the Company. In addition to the on-site meetings for
investors to participate in the results briefing in person, the Company also provided various access channels such as
telephone and online platform, so that investors in different regions had the opportunity to communicate with management
in real-time through online means. During the year, the Company held approximately 110 meetings through the above
channels, and communicated with analysts and investors for approximately 600 person-times, representing a significant
increase as compared to last year. Meanwhile, we also strengthened the use of website and social media to release
information related to the Company’s latest business development. During the year, we newly added strategic emerging
businesses and relevant key cases library of the four strategic emerging areas to the Company’s website for its information
disclosure. We also published the key messages of our results in the format of “At a Glance” infographics, so that
investors could understand the latest development of the Company more easily and clearly.

The Company emphasizes two-way interactive communication, and the investor relations team fully utilizes its role as a
bridge between the capital market and the Company to fully understand the investors’ concerns about the Company,
and reports the capital market concerns as well as investors’ views, suggestions and expectations to the management
of the Company in a timely manner. Such action is beneficial for the Company’s management to stay attuned to market
dynamics and proactively respond to market concerns, formulate operation, management and development strategies,
to facilitate the sustainable development of the Company and enhance its long-term value.

2024 Annual Results Presentation
                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   169

                                                                                       INVESTOR RELATIONS




Attendance Analysis of Investor Relations Activities in 2024


                                                                48%
                                                                Daily meetings

                                                                24%
                                                                Results presentation

                                                                15%
                                                                Investor forum

                                                                13%
                                                                Non-deal roadshow




List of Investor Relations Activities of the Company in 2024
 Date       Event
 1/2024     Citi 2024 China Technology and Telecom Corporate Day
 3/2024     2023 Annual Results Announcement
            — Analyst Briefing
            — Press Conference
 3/2024     Non-deal Roadshow
 5/2024     Zhongtai Securities Spring Listed Company Conference 2024
 5/2024     Non-deal Roadshow
 5/2024     CITICS “Artificial Intelligence and Technology Manufacturing” Forum and Listed Company Conference
 6/2024     Nomura Investment Forum Asia 2024
 6/2024     Morgan Stanley China TMT Conference
 6/2024     CICC Investment Strategy Conference 2H24
 8/2024     2024 Interim Results Announcement
            — Analyst Briefing
            — Press Conference
 8/2024     Non-deal Roadshow
 9/2024     Everbright Securities Autumn Listed Company Conference 2024
 9/2024     Nomura China Investor Forum 2024
 11/2024    Everbright Securities Investor Conference 2025
 11/2024    China Merchants Securities Annual Listed Company Conference
 11/2024    Non-deal Roadshow
 11/2024    Daiwa Investment Conference Hong Kong 2024
 12/2024    Zhitong Finance Spring Strategy Conference
170    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



INVESTOR RELATIONS




SHAREHOLDING STRUCTURE
In 2024, the Company continued to appoint an international survey company to conduct comprehensive surveys on the
shareholding structure to keep abreast with the information of its shareholders, including structure and position changes
of shareholders, types of shareholders, and their geographical distribution and investment styles. By referencing to the
above information, the Company compiled a target list of major investors and actively approached shareholders as well
as potential investors, which focused on strengthening the interactive communication with investors, as well as
proactively broadening its investor base, particularly the investors from Mainland China, in order to diversify the
geographical distribution of investors. According to the public disclosure information on the website of Hong Kong Stock
Exchange, as at 31 December 2024, 16.1% of the issued H share capital of the Company was held by the investors
from Mainland China through China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited, which increased by more
than double compared with 7.2% at the end of 2023, reflecting the effectiveness of the Company’s efforts in expanding
its investor base in Mainland China, leading to a more diversified shareholder mix.


Shareholding Structure1 as of 31 December 2024




               48.99%                                          2.40%                                             32.12%
               China Telecommunications                        State Grid Information &                          Other public shareholders
               Corporation                                     Telecommunication Group Co., Ltd.

               8.78%                                           1.89%
               China Mobile                                    China National Postal and
               Communications                                  Telecommunications Appliances
               Group Co., Ltd.                                 Co., Ltd.

               3.41%                                           2.41%
               China United Network                            FMR LLC
               Communications Group
               Company Limited


1
      For details of the material interests and short positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company, please refer to “Report of the Directors”.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   171

                                                                                               INVESTOR RELATIONS




INFORMATION DISCLOSURE
The Company has strictly complied with the information disclosure requirements for listed companies and has
considered information disclosure as the responsibility and obligation that must be discharged for the protection of
investors’ interest. We have made information disclosure with consistent adherence to the principles of accuracy,
timeliness, openness and fairness and dedicate to improving the overall quality of the Company’s information disclosure
and facilitating the capital market to gain a better understanding of the Company. The Company timely disseminates
important information to the capital market through various channels including announcements, circulars, press releases
and investor relations website, etc.

In 2024, in accordance with the Listing Rules, the Company published approximately 38 corporate communications
such as announcements and circulars on the websites of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company. Such
publications have objectively and comprehensively disclosed information regarding the Company’s results, operating
performance, financial information, dividend payment, and poll results for general meetings, mainly including:

  05/01/2024      Circular of Proposed Appointment of Directors and Supervisor and Notice of the EGM
  05/01/2024      Notice of the Extraordinary General Meeting
  30/01/2024      Announcement of Poll Results of the Extraordinary General Meeting held on 30 January 2024 and
                  Appointment of Directors and Supervisor
  30/01/2024      Announcement of Appointment of Chairman
  30/01/2024      Announcement of List of Directors and their Role and Function
  14/03/2024      Announcement of Date of Board Meeting to Approve 2023 Annual Results
  27/03/2024      Announcement of Annual Results for the Year Ended 31 December 2023
  26/04/2024      Annual Report 2023
  26/04/2024      Notice of Annual General Meeting
  29/05/2024      Notification Letter and Reply Form to Registered Shareholders/Non-Registered Shareholders –
                  Arrangement of Electronic Dissemination of Corporate Communications
  31/05/2024      Announcement of Resignation of Director, Proposed Appointment of Director and Change of
                  Important Executive Positions
  31/05/2024      Announcement of List of Directors and their Role and Function
  03/06/2024      Circular of Proposed Appointment of Executive Director and Supplemental Notice of the AGM
  03/06/2024      Supplemental Notice of the Annual General Meeting
  18/06/2024      Announcement of Change of Principal Place of Business in Hong Kong
  18/06/2024      Announcement in Relation to the Withdrawal of a Resolution at the Annual General Meeting
  20/06/2024      Announcement of Poll Results of the 2023 Annual General Meeting, Payment of Dividend and
                  Appointment of Executive Director
  20/06/2024      Announcement of List of Directors and their Role and Function
  12/07/2024      Announcement of Renewal of Continuing Connected Transactions and Major Transactions under the
                  Financial Services Framework Agreement
  01/08/2024      Announcement of Delay in Despatch of Circular
  13/08/2024      Announcement of Date of Board Meeting to Approve 2024 Interim Results
  16/08/2024      Circular of Renewal of Continuing Connected Transactions and Major Transactions under the
                  Financial Services Framework Agreement and Notice of the EGM
  16/08/2024      Notice of the Extraordinary General Meeting
  27/08/2024      Announcement of Proposed Appointment of New Auditors
  27/08/2024      Announcement of Interim Results for the Six Months Ended 30 June 2024
172   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



INVESTOR RELATIONS




  13/09/2024       Interim Report 2024
  16/10/2024       Announcement on Postponement of the Extraordinary General Meeting and Change of Book Closure
                   Period
  16/10/2024       Announcement of Resignation of Director, Proposed Appointment of Director and Change of
                   Important Executive Positions
  16/10/2024       Announcement of List of Directors and their Role and Function
  16/10/2024       Announcement of Renewal of Continuing Connected Transactions and Proposed New Annual Caps
  05/11/2024       Announcement of Delay in Despatch of Circular
  21/11/2024       Circular of Renewal of Continuing Connected Transactions, Proposed Appointment of New Auditors,
                   Proposed Appointment of Executive Director and Supplemental Notice of the EGM
  21/11/2024       Supplemental Notice of the Extraordinary General Meeting
  10/12/2024       Announcement of Poll Results of the Extraordinary General Meeting Held on 10 December 2024,
                   Appointment of Auditors and Appointment of Executive Director
  10/12/2024       Announcement of List of Directors and their Role and Function
  23/12/2024       Announcement of Resignation of Non-Executive Director
  23/12/2024       Announcement of List of Directors and their Role and Function
  27/12/2024       Announcement on Matter Relating to Rule 13.92 of the Listing Rule

Other than announcements and circulars, the Company’s website (www.chinaccs.com.hk) is also one of the important
channels for corporate information disclosure and provides capital market, media, shareholders and potential investors
with a more convenient and efficient access to the detailed information related to the Company. Other than introducing
the basic information of the Company and disclosing the corporate governance, environmental and social responsibility
information, the website also showcases the development of businesses and markets of the Company, while highlighting
various smart services and related cases we provide for different industries, such that investors could have a more
comprehensive understanding on our transformation in recent years. In addition, a range of detailed information catering
for investors’ needs, including hot topics concerned by investors such as downloadable historical financial information,
stock information, investment value, annual reports, presentation materials, webcasts, investor activities and frequently
asked questions of the Company are systematically disclosed in the Investor Relations’ section of the website. The
Company updates the content of the website in a timely manner to keep the capital market abreast of the Company’s
latest development.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   173

                                                                                                INVESTOR RELATIONS




In 2024, in order to present the Company’s latest developments and business highlights more clearly, the Company
updated the design of investor relations website, adding a new section on the homepage to showcase the Company's
new opportunities in strategic emerging industries. We also added new webpages to provide detailed presentation of
the development of the four major sectors, including “Digital Infrastructure”, “Green and Low-carbon”, “Smart City”, and
“Emergency Management and Security”, showcasing the key cases in graphics and text to enable investors to have a
more comprehensive understanding of the Company's latest business development. The redesign of the website has
been highly recognized by investors and the industry, and received a silver award in “2024 iNOVA Awards”, a prestigious
international award.

In addition, annual report plays a significant role in information disclosure. It is not only an important document for
information disclosure of a listed company, the Company can also disclose more comprehensive information to investors
through the annual report, such as its operating philosophy, strategies and market positioning, operating performance,
development trends, corporate governance and environmental and social responsibility. The Company therefore puts
great emphasis on the preparation of annual report. Through the detailed disclosures in the annual report, investors are
able to have more adequate and comprehensive understanding of the Company.

In 2024, the Company published its 2023 annual report with the design theme of “Penetrating Strategic Emerging
Industries, Achieving High-quality Sustainable Development”. The cover is centered around the Company’s logo and
presented in a three-dimensional way. Each layer represents a sector in the strategic emerging industry that the
Company strives to develop, reflecting that the Company leverages its integrated comprehensive service capabilities to
penetrate key sectors, with a view to achieving its high-quality and sustainable development.
174    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



INVESTOR RELATIONS




The production and design of the 2023 annual report of the Company were recognized by a number of international
award organizations. In 2024, the Company received “Platinum Award”, “Best Report Cover” and ranked 38th in the
Top 100 Reports Worldwide of the “Vision Awards” by “The League of American Communications Professionals” (LACP),
and also received multiple awards in “International ARC Awards”, including 3 Gold Awards of “Cover Photo & Design”, “Interior
Design” and “Printing & Production”.


The Company’s 2023 Annual Report Design
                                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2024      175

                                                                                                                                              INVESTOR RELATIONS




  DIVIDEND
  The Company has always valued the interests and returns to shareholders since its listing in 2006. The Company
  determines the dividend for the year after considering factors such as the Company’s results performance, financial
  position, cash flow, long-term development and business needs and other investment opportunities, as well as capital
  market expectation. In 2024, the Board has proposed a final dividend of RMB0.2187 per share3, representing a dividend
  payout ratio of 42%.


  Dividend Distribution of the Company Since its Listing
                                                                              Total Dividend Payout Ratio

                          40%2 40%        40%     40%     40%      40%     40%     30%      33%     36%     36%      36%     36%     36%     38%      40%     42%     42% 3

                                                                                                                                                             1,506 1,5153

                                                                                                                                                     1,343

                                                                                                                                            1,200
                                                                                                                            1,098 1,110
                                                                                                                   1,044
                                                                   963                                      977
                                                                                                    913




Dividend (RMB million)
                                                                           896
                                                           846
                                                                                            770
                                                  727
                                           640                                     645

                                  527

                          394




                         2007    2008     2009    2010    2011     2012    2013    2014     2015    2016    2017     2018    2019    2020    2021     2022    2023    2024

  2
                         The 2007 dividend payout ratio is calculated after deducting the net profit contributed by the business in 13 provinces before 31 August 2007 (being
                         the completion date of the acquisitions) when such business was acquired by the Company.

  3
                         Subject to the approval at the 2024 annual general meeting to be held on 29 May 2025.
176   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



INVESTOR RELATIONS




SHARE PRICE PERFORMANCE
The H shares issued by the Company were listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 8 December 2006 at an offer
price of HK$2.2 per share. Since its listing, the Company has firmly captured industry and technology development
trend, elevated competitiveness continuously through the implementation of forward-looking development strategies,
enhancing efforts on technological innovation and promoting transformation, facilitated sustainable development by
grasping market opportunities of informatization, digitalization and intelligentization. At the same time, the Company has
adhered to the principle of sound corporate governance and implemented practical and effective investor relations
initiatives that supported the stock price performance of the Company.


Share Price Performance of the Company Since its Listing
(Performance relative to indexes)

From 8 December 2006 to 31 December 2024

Percentage

450

400

350

300

250

200

150

100

 50

  0
      2007   2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024

                                    The Company (+111.9%)        HSI (+7.0%)         HSCEI (-15.5%)


In 2024, amid the impact from the news of the resumption of the interest rate reduction cycle and the presidential
election in the United States, as well as China’s macroeconomic situation, the Hong Kong stock market experienced
certain fluctuations during the year. However, driven by positive news such as a series of stimulus policies on economy
and capital market launched by the Chinese government during the year, the Hong Kong stock market reversed the
downward trend for four consecutive years in 2024, with Hang Seng Index rising by 3,012 points, representing an
increase of 17.7% for the whole year. Among which, Chinese enterprises with low valuation, solid operating results and
high dividend were particularly favoured by investors, and the Company also benefited. In 2024, the Company continued
to capitalize on the opportunities from the digital economy, proactively deployed in strategic emerging industries and
continuously promoted quality and efficiency improvement, thereby achieving solid results and improvement in operating
efficiency while increasing dividend returns to shareholders during the year. As a result of these measures and
achievements, the Company’s share price increased by 40.7% year-on-year, significantly outperforming the market in
2024.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   177

                                                                                               INVESTOR RELATIONS




2024                                                                     Highest              Lowest            Closing

Price per H share of the Company (HK$)                                      4.65                2.92                 4.56


Share Price Performance of the Company in 2024
(Performance relative to indexes)

From 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024

Percentage

160



140



120



100



 80



 60



 40
      Jan    Feb       Mar          Apr   May    Jun      Jul      Aug       Sep        Oct         Nov      Dec

                               The Company (+40.7%)        HSI (+17.7%)            HSCEI (+26.4%)


As at 31 December 2024, the total number of shares of the Company was 6,926,018,400 shares, including
4,534,598,160 domestic shares and 2,391,420,240 H shares, both at nominal value of RMB1.00 each. All the H shares
of the Company are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, representing approximately 34.5% of the total number of
shares of the Company. Based on the closing price of HK$4.56 as of 31 December 2024, the Company’s total market
capitalization was about HK$31.6 billion.
178    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



INVESTOR RELATIONS




                   MAJOR AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS
                   FROM THE CAPITAL MARKET IN 2024

Institutional Investor                                     Corporate Governance Asia
“2024 Asia Pacific (Ex-Japan)                              “14th Asian Excellence Award”
Executive Team”                                            • Asia’s Best CEO
• Most Honored Company                                     • Asia’s Best CFO
• Small & Midcap category                                  • Best Investor Relations
    in the telecommunications                                  Company
    sector                                                 • Sustainable Asia Award
    * Best CEO
    * Best CFO
    * Best IR Professional
    * Best IR Program                                      Forbes
    * Best ESG
                                                           “2024 Forbes Global 2000”
                                                           • Rank the 1,429th
The Asset
“The Asset ESG Corporate
Awards 2024”
• Gold Award
• Best Investor Relations Team                             Hong Kong Ta Kung Wen Wei
    Award                                                  Media Group
                                                           The 14th China Securities
                                                           “Golden Bauhinia Awards”
RoadshowChina and
                                                           • Excellence in High-quality
Excellence IR
                                                               Development of Listed
“8th China IR Annual Awards”
                                                               Company
• Best Value Creation Award
• Best Capital Market
    Communication Award
                                                           Zhitong Finance and Xinzhi
                                                           Fund Network
MerComm Inc
                                                           “9th Zhitong Finance Listed
“2024 iNOVA Awards”                                        Company Awards”
• Silver Award in “Redesign/Relaunch                       • Best TMT Company
    — Investor Relations Website”



LACP                                                       MerComm Inc
“Vision Awards”                                            “International ARC Awards”
• Platinum Award                                           • Gold Award in “Cover Photo &
• Best Report Cover                                             Design”
• Rank 38th in the Top 100 Annual                          • Gold Award in “Interior Design”
     Reports Worldwide                                     • Gold Award in “Printing &
                                                                Production”
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   179

                                                                                                   INVESTOR RELATIONS




RECOGNITIONS AND HONOURS IN THE CAPITAL MARKET
The Company has always been recognized by the capital market. It has been admitted in certain indices in Hong Kong,
including the “Hang Seng Composite Index”, “Hang Seng China State-holding Enterprises Index”, “Hang Seng
Composite Industry Index — Information Technology”, “Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong Index”, “Hang Seng
SCHK China Technology Index”, “Hang Seng China Central SOEs Index”, “Hang Seng SCHK Central SOEs Value Index”
and others. The Company emphasizes shareholder returns, and it has been newly included in “Hang Seng SCHK China
Central SOEs High Dividend Yield Index” in 2024. The Company has been optimizing its ESG performance. In 2024, it
continued to be a constituent of “Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Benchmark Index”, “Hang Seng SCHK China
Central SOEs ESG Leaders Index” and others.

The Company has been also recognized by a number of major brokerage firms with favorable ratings. In 2024, three
mainland China’s brokerage firms initiated in-depth research reports on the Company and one international brokerage
firm upgraded the Company’s investment rating. During the year, about ten international and mainland brokerage firms
prepared and published research reports for the Company on a regular basis, giving positive investment ratings such as
“Buy” or “Hold” on the Company.

The Company has been dedicated to improving its management and operation in all aspects, and was recognized by
many domestic and overseas organizations and institutions. In 2024, international and authoritative institutions such as
Institutional Investor , Corporate Governance Asia , The Asset and Forbes , offered recognitions and awards to the
Company in respect of its corporate management, ESG and investor relations. Among which, the Company received the
“Most Honored Company”, “Best CEO”, “Best CFO”, “Best IR Program”, “Best ESG” and other awards in the “2024
Asia Pacific (Ex-Japan) Executive Team” rankings by Institutional Investor ; the “Asia’s Best CEO”, “Asia’s Best CFO”, “Best
Investor Relations Company” and “Sustainable Asia Award” in the “14th Asian Excellence Award” held by Corporate
Governance Asia , a corporate governance magazine in Asia; the “Gold Award” and “Best Investor Relations Team
Award” in “The Asset ESG Corporate Awards 2024” organized by The Asset . The Company was honored with the
award of “Excellence in High-quality Development of Listed Company” in the 14th China Securities “Golden Bauhinia
Awards”; “Best TMT Company” award in the “9th Zhitong Finance Listed Company Awards”; the “Best Value Creation
Award” and “Best Capital Market Communication Award” in the “8th China IR Annual Awards”. Meanwhile, the
Company’s ESG performance has also been well recognized, it has been admitted to “Hang Seng Corporate
Sustainability Benchmark Index” for three consecutive years. In addition, the Company was ranked the 1,429th in the “2024
Forbes Global 2000”.
180    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



INVESTOR RELATIONS




OTHER INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS
Shareholder Services
Any matters relating to shareholding, such as transfer of shares, change of name or address, and loss of share
certificates should be addressed in writing to the Registrar:

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712–1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong
Telephone: (852) 2862 8628
Facsimile: (852) 2529 6087


Corporate Communications
All corporate communications are available in both English and Chinese on the Company’s website (www.chinaccs.
com.hk) and the HKExnews website of Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

If shareholders would like to obtain the relevant printed copies, please send an email to chinaccs@computershare.com.
hk, stating your name, address and request for printed copies of the corporate communications, or submit your request
to the Company’s share registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre,
183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong.


Shareholder Enquiries
Office hours: Monday to Friday, 9:00-18:00
Telephone: (852) 3699 0000


Investor Enquiries
For enquiries from institutional investors and securities analysts, please contact:

Investor Relations Department, China Communications Services Corporation Limited
Room 2801 & 09–10, 28/F, Great Eagle Centre, 23 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong
Telephone: (852) 3699 0000
Email: ir@chinaccs.com.hk
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   181


                                                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




To the Shareholders of
China Communications Services Corporation Limited
(incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Communications Services Corporation Limited (the
“company”) and its subsidiaries (the “group”) set out on pages 187 to 266, which comprise the consolidated statement
of financial position as at 31 December 2024, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of
profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated
statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, comprising material
accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
group as at 31 December 2024 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the
year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board (the “IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.


Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
section of our report. We are independent of the group in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board for
Accountants’ International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards)
(the “Code”) together with any ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements
in the People’s Republic of China, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
requirements and the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide
a basis for our opinion.


Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters.
182    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Key Audit Matters (continued)
Revenue recognition of construction services

Refer to Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in Note 2(q).

The Key Audit Matter                                           How the matter was addressed in our audit


The group’s revenue derived from construction services         Our audit procedures in relation to revenue recognition of
amounted to RMB60,673 million in 2024, which                   construction services included the following:
accounted for 40.4% of the group’s total revenue during
the year. Such revenue is provided to a large number of        •     assessing the design, implementation and operating
customers in different industries.                                   effectiveness of management’s key internal controls
                                                                     in relation to revenue recognition of construction
The group generally recognises revenue over a period of              services;
time according to the progress towards completion
agreed with the customers based on the output method.          •     inspecting construction service contracts with
                                                                     customers, on a sample basis, to understand the
We identified the revenue recognition of construction                major terms agreed with respective customers to
services as a key audit matter because of its significance           assess the appropriateness of the group’s revenue
to the consolidated financial statements.                            recognition policies with reference to the
                                                                     requirements of the prevailing accounting standard;

                                                               •     comparing, on a sample basis, revenue recorded
                                                                     during the financial reporting period with certificates
                                                                     of the progress towards completion, project
                                                                     settlement statements or other relevant underlying
                                                                     documents which contained evidence of progress
                                                                     towards completion agreed with the customers, and
                                                                     assessing if the related revenue was properly
                                                                     recognised based on the progress towards
                                                                     completion; and

                                                               •     assessing, on a sample basis, whether specific
                                                                     revenue transactions recorded before and after the
                                                                     end of reporting date had been recognised in the
                                                                     appropriate financial period by inspecting certificates
                                                                     of the progress towards completion, project
                                                                     settlement statements and other relevant underlying
                                                                     documents which contained evidence of progress
                                                                     towards completion agreed with the customers.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   183

                                                                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Key Audit Matters (continued)
Expected credit losses of accounts receivables and contract assets

Refer to Note 28, 29, 44(a) and 45 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in Note 2(l).

The Key Audit Matter                                           How the matter was addressed in our audit


As at 31 December 2024 the gross carrying amounts of           Our audit procedures to assess the ECL allowances of
accounts receivables and contract assets amounted to           accounts receivables and contract assets included the
RMB26,510 million and RMB38,294 million, respectively,         following:
with loss allowances for expected credit losses (“ECL”)
amounted to RMB2,624 million and RMB526 million,               •     assessing the design and implementation of key
respectively.                                                        internal control relating to management assessment
                                                                     of ECL of accounts receivables and contract assets;
Management measures the ECL allowances at an
amount equal to lifetime ECLs of accounts receivables          •     evaluating the group’s accounting policies and
and contract assets. Management assesses the ECL of                  methods for estimating the ECL allowances with
accounts receivables and contract assets individually for            reference to the requirements of the applicable
debtors with significant risks. The ECLs for the remaining           accounting standard;
accounts receivable and contract assets are assessed
collectively using a provision matrix.                         •     assessing the appropriateness of management’s
                                                                     estimation of loss allowances for ECL of accounts
When measuring ECL, management considers credit                      receivables and contract assets of individual debtors
losses incurred in the past and adjusts it by taking into            with significant risks by inspecting, on a sample
consideration of the present conditions and forward-                 basis, documents for supporting management’s
looking information. In assessing forward-looking                    assessment of the respective financial position and
information, management considers factors including                  creditworthiness of the customers, historical
economic policies, macroeconomic indicators, industry                payment and settlement records, and forecasted
risks and changes in customers’ conditions. Such                     future economic conditions;
assessment involves a significant degree of management
judgement.                                                     •     obtaining an understanding of the key data and
                                                                     assumptions of the ECL model adopted by
                                                                     management on debtors assessed collectively,
                                                                     including the basis of segmentation of accounts
                                                                     receivables based on credit risk characteristics,
                                                                     historical default data used in management’s
                                                                     estimation of loss rate and forward-looking
                                                                     information;
184    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Key Audit Matters (continued)

Expected credit losses of accounts receivables and contract assets (continued)

Refer to Note 28, 29, 44(a) and 45 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in Note 2(l).

The Key Audit Matter                                           How the matter was addressed in our audit


We identified the assessment for the ECL allowance of          •     assessing the appropriateness of management’s
accounts receivables and contract assets as a key audit              estimation of ECL allowances of accounts
matter because the balances of accounts receivables                  receivables and contract assets on debtors
and contract assets are material to the group’s                      assessed collectively by examining the information
consolidated financial statements and determining the                used by management to derive such estimates,
level of the loss allowance for ECL requires the exercise            including testing the accuracy of the historical
of management judgement.                                             default data and evaluating whether historical loss
                                                                     rates are appropriately adjusted based on current
                                                                     economic conditions and forward-looking
                                                                     information;

                                                               •     assessing, with the assistance of our internal
                                                                     valuation specialists, the basis adopted by
                                                                     management in determining the adjustment for
                                                                     forward-looking information;

                                                               •     assessing, on a sample basis, whether items in the
                                                                     accounts receivables and contract assets ageing
                                                                     report were categorised in the appropriate ageing
                                                                     bands; and

                                                               •     re-performing the calculation of the ECL allowances
                                                                     as at 31 December 2024, on a sample basis, based
                                                                     on the group’s loss allowance policies.



Information Other Than the Consolidated Financial Statements and Auditor’s
Report Thereon
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information included in
the annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   185

                                                                                     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Responsibilities of the Directors for the Consolidated Financial Statements
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the group’s financial
reporting process.


Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or
accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
      fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
      sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
      resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
      omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
      group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
      related disclosures made by the directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
      audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
      significant doubt on the group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
      exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
      financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on
      the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause
      the group to cease to continue as a going concern.
186    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements (continued)
•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
      disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
      a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
      of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group financial
      statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes
      of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Chu Man Wai.




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants
8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong

27 March 2025
                                                                                        Annual Report 2024    187


                         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                      2024                2023
                                                                    Notes          RMB’000             RMB’000

Revenues                                                              4          150,000,103       148,614,676
Cost of revenues                                                      5         (132,403,882)     (131,357,426)

Gross profit                                                                      17,596,221         17,257,250
Other income                                                          6            1,712,204          1,932,223
Selling, general and administrative expenses                                     (15,054,014)       (14,913,046)
Other expenses                                                        7             (187,212)          (169,549)
Finance costs                                                         8             (105,515)          (113,734)
Share of profits of associates and joint ventures                    22              149,149            116,338

Profit before tax                                                     9            4,110,833          4,109,482
Income tax                                                           10             (357,436)          (377,805)

Profit for the year                                                                3,753,397          3,731,677

Attributable to:
  Equity shareholders of the company                                               3,606,861          3,584,391
  Non-controlling interests                                                          146,536            147,286

                                                                                   3,753,397          3,731,677

Basic/diluted earnings per share (RMB)                               11                0.521                 0.518




The notes on pages 194 to 266 from part of these financial statements. Details of dividends payable to equity
shareholders of the company attributable to the profit for the year are set out in note 15(a).
188   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the year ended 31 December 2024


                                                                                   2024         2023
                                                                         Note   RMB’000      RMB’000

Profit for the year                                                             3,753,397    3,731,677

Other comprehensive income for the year (after tax)                      12

Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss (after tax):
Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income:
   Net movements in the fair value reserve                                       775,411      103,919
   Remeasurements of defined benefit plans                                          (150)          (90)

Item that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss
   (after tax):
Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of
   subsidiaries outside of Mainland China                                         (18,023)      (4,202)

                                                                                 757,238       99,627

Total comprehensive income for the year                                         4,510,635    3,831,304

Attributable to:
  Equity shareholders of the company                                            4,364,828    3,683,969
  Non-controlling interests                                                       145,807      147,335

                                                                                4,510,635    3,831,304




The notes on pages 194 to 266 from part of these financial statements.
                                                                             Annual Report 2024   189


                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                At 31 December 2024




                                                                      31 December      31 December
                                                                             2024             2023
                                                              Notes       RMB’000          RMB’000

Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment, net                            16        5,910,252         6,082,260
 Right-of-use assets                                           17        2,020,473         2,245,135
 Investment properties                                         18        1,730,368         1,700,230
 Construction in progress                                      19        1,074,572           883,465
 Goodwill                                                      20          103,005           103,005
 Intangible assets                                             21          794,529           745,830
 Interests in associates and joint ventures                    22        1,377,552         1,343,796
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         31          385,070           342,301
 Equity instruments at fair value through other
    comprehensive income                                       23        4,500,818         3,473,580
 Deferred tax assets                                           24        1,037,039         1,019,736
 Deposits at financial institutions with original maturity
    more than one year                                         25       12,170,901         5,888,447
 Other non-current assets                                      26          840,012         1,008,969

Total non-current assets                                                31,944,591       24,836,754

Current assets
 Inventories                                                   27        1,183,231        1,196,945
 Accounts and bills receivables, net                           28       25,296,205       23,921,258
 Contract assets, net                                          29       37,767,809       28,584,146
 Current portion of deposits at financial institutions with
   original maturity more than one year                        25        3,603,728        3,498,709
 Prepayments and other current assets                          30       14,486,725       13,668,864
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         31                –           10,429
 Short-term bank deposits and restricted cash                  32        2,697,251        3,157,780
 Cash and cash equivalents                                     33       19,638,036       22,914,865

Total current assets                                                   104,672,985       96,952,996

Total assets                                                           136,617,576      121,789,750

Current liabilities
 Interest-bearing borrowings                                   34          706,249          807,499
 Accounts and bills payables                                   35       65,894,889       53,426,398
 Current portion of lease liabilities                          36          454,967          487,758
 Contract liabilities                                          37        9,190,050        9,527,291
 Accrued expenses and other payables                           38       11,420,957       11,642,004
 Income tax payable                                                        287,567          354,095

Total current liabilities                                               87,954,679       76,245,045

Net current assets                                                      16,718,306       20,707,951

Total assets less current liabilities                                   48,662,897       45,544,705
190    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (continued)
At 31 December 2024




                                                                                      31 December         31 December
                                                                                             2024                2023
                                                                          Notes           RMB’000             RMB’000

Non-current liabilities
 Interest-bearing borrowings                                                34                     –             53,557
 Lease liabilities                                                          36               868,286          1,028,872
 Other non-current liabilities                                              39               242,025            118,207
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                   24               939,434            676,368

Total non-current liabilities                                                              2,049,745          1,877,004

Total liabilities                                                                        90,004,424          78,122,049

Equity
 Share capital                                                              40            6,926,018           6,926,018
 Reserves                                                                                38,509,853          35,650,741

Equity attributable to equity shareholders of the company                                45,435,871          42,576,759
Non-controlling interests                                                                 1,177,281           1,090,942

Total equity                                                                             46,613,152          43,667,701

Total liabilities and equity                                                            136,617,576        121,789,750


The consolidated financial statements on pages 187 to 266 were approved and authorised for issue by the board of
directors on 27 March 2025 and are signed on its behalf by:




                     Luan Xiaowei                                                 Shen Aqiang
             Chairman and Executive Director                              Executive Vice President and
                                                                    Chief Financial Officer, Executive Director




The notes on pages 194 to 266 from part of these financial statements.
                                                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024            191


                                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                             Equity attributable to equity shareholders of the company

                                                                            Statutory                                                         Non-
                                                    Share     Share Capital surplus Specific Fair value Exchange    Other Retained       controlling
                                                   capital premium reserve reserve reserve reserve        reserve reserve earnings Total interests Total equity
                                            Notes RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000

Balance as at 1 January 2024                        6,926,018 4,529,310 1,926,511 2,037,271     441,524 2,002,308        (26,354)    (68,400) 24,808,571 42,576,759      1,090,942 43,667,701
Changes in equity for the year ended
   31 December 2024
   Profit for the year                                     –         –           –          –          –           –           –            – 3,606,861 3,606,861         146,536     3,753,397
   Other comprehensive income
       for the year                                        –         –           –          –          –    776,210      (18,093)        (150)         –    757,967           (729)    757,238

Total comprehensive income for the year                    –         –           –          –          –    776,210      (18,093)        (150) 3,606,861 4,364,828        145,807     4,510,635

Dividend declared                           15(b)          –         –           –          –          –          –            –            – (1,505,716) (1,505,716)            – (1,505,716)
Distribution to non-controlling interests                  –         –           –          –          –          –            –            –          –           –       (59,468)   (59,468)
Appropriation                                              –         –           –    205,976          –          –            –            – (205,976)            –             –          –
Appropriation of specific reserve                          –         –           –          –     42,008          –            –            – (42,008)             –             –          –
Others                                                     –         –           –          –          –      2,145            –            –     (2,145)          –             –          –

Balance as at 31 December 2024                      6,926,018 4,529,310 1,926,511 2,243,247     483,532 2,780,663        (44,447)    (68,550) 26,659,587 45,435,871      1,177,281 46,613,152

Balance as at 1 January 2023                        6,926,018 4,529,310 2,051,403 1,860,249     401,360 1,900,280        (22,103)    (68,310) 22,782,430 40,360,637      1,263,288 41,623,925
Changes in equity for the year ended
   31 December 2023
   Profit for the year                                     –         –           –          –          –           –           –            – 3,584,391 3,584,391         147,286     3,731,677
   Other comprehensive income
       for the year                                        –         –           –          –          –    103,919       (4,251)         (90)         –      99,578            49      99,627

Total comprehensive income for the year                    –         –           –          –          –    103,919       (4,251)         (90) 3,584,391 3,683,969        147,335     3,831,304

Dividend declared                           15(b)          –         –          –           –          –           –           –            – (1,342,955) (1,342,955)            – (1,342,955)
Distribution to non-controlling interests                  –         –          –           –          –           –           –            –          –           –       (52,840)    (52,840)
Appropriation                                              –         –          –     177,022          –           –           –            – (177,022)            –             –           –
Appropriation of specific reserve                          –         –          –           –     40,164           –           –            – (40,164)             –             –           –
Acquisition of Target Company                              –         –    (18,453)          –          –           –           –            –          – (18,453)                –     (18,453)
Acquisition of equity interest held by
    the non-controlling interests                          –         –   (101,459)          –          –           –           –            –          –    (101,459)     (266,841)    (368,300)
Others                                                     –         –      (4,980)         –          –      (1,891)          –            –      1,891       (4,980)           –        (4,980)

Balance as at 31 December 2023                      6,926,018 4,529,310 1,926,511 2,037,271     441,524 2,002,308        (26,354)    (68,400) 24,808,571 42,576,759      1,090,942 43,667,701




The notes on pages 194 to 266 from part of these financial statements.
192    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                           2024          2023
                                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000

Operating activities
Profit before tax                                                       4,110,833    4,109,482
Adjustments for:
  Depreciation and amortisation                                         1,675,378    1,672,181
  Impairment losses on accounts receivables, other receivables,
     contract assets and others, net                                      514,792      416,880
  Impairment loss on right-of-use assets                                        4        2,264
  Write-down of inventories, net                                           11,839       48,978
  Interest income                                                        (665,373)    (693,001)
  Finance costs                                                           105,515      113,734
  Share of profits of associates and joint ventures                      (149,149)    (116,338)
  Dividend income                                                        (192,751)    (177,746)
  Investment income and fair value gains of financial instruments at
     fair value through profit or loss                                    (25,091)      (17,159)
  Gain on disposal of an associate and other investments                      (49)      (33,495)
  Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment, intangible
     assets, construction in progress and termination of lease, net        (5,714)      (14,722)
  Foreign exchange (gain)/loss, net                                        (8,449)       15,734
  Write-back of non-payable liabilities                                   (64,612)      (51,078)

Operating profit before changes in working capital                      5,307,173    5,275,714

(Increase)/decrease in inventories                                       (135,669)      121,388
Increase in accounts and bills receivables                             (2,801,114)   (3,990,766)
Increase in contract assets                                            (9,394,874)   (3,347,986)
Decrease/(increase) in prepayments and other current assets                42,917    (1,759,824)
Increase in accounts and bills payables                                13,607,063     8,837,066
Decrease in contract liabilities                                         (337,240)   (1,340,684)
(Decrease)/increase in accrued expenses and other payables               (113,220)    1,654,858

Net cash inflow from operations                                         6,175,036    5,449,766

Interest paid                                                            (105,781)    (115,730)
Interest received                                                         623,160      441,343
Income tax paid                                                          (471,425)    (419,132)

Net cash generated from operating activities                            6,220,990    5,356,247
                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   193

                                                             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (continued)
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                            2024                2023
                                                                            Note         RMB’000             RMB’000

Investing activities
  Payments for purchase of property, plant and equipment,
    construction in progress and intangible assets                                      (1,160,888)        (1,218,388)
  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment,
    construction in progress and intangible assets                                          25,231              27,111
  Short-term bank deposits received/(paid)                                                  12,270               (5,909)
  Dividends received                                                                       283,135            265,272
  Proceeds from disposal of equity instruments                                              38,645              88,417
  Payments for acquisition of equity investments                                           (14,540)            (54,275)
  Payments for acquisition of associates and joint ventures                                 (8,354)              (6,730)
  Payments for acquisition of deposits at financial institutions with
    original maturity more than one year                                                (9,600,300)        (1,466,500)
  Proceeds from deposits at financial institutions with original maturity
    more than one year                                                                   3,259,452            200,000
  Payments for acquisition of a subsidiary                                                       –             (18,453)
  Others                                                                                         –              73,951

Net cash used in investing activities                                                   (7,165,349)        (2,115,504)

Financing activities
  Proceeds from bank and other loans                                                       403,904            643,917
  Payments for acquisition of equity interest held by
    the non-controlling interests                                                                –           (369,925)
  Repayments of bank and other loans                                                      (538,656)          (657,843)
  Repayments of lease liabilities                                                         (634,472)          (613,206)
  Dividends paid                                                                        (1,572,562)        (1,405,251)

Net cash used in financing activities                                                   (2,341,786)        (2,402,308)

Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                    (3,286,145)           838,435

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year                                     22,914,865         22,087,661

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                      9,316             (11,231)

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year                                33         19,638,036         22,914,865




The notes on pages 194 to 266 from part of these financial statements.
194   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




1. Principal Activities and Organisation
      (a) Principal activities
           China Communications Services Corporation Limited (the “company”) and its subsidiaries (hereinafter
           collectively referred to as the “group”) is a leading service provider in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”)
           that provides integrated comprehensive smart solutions in the field of informatisation and digitalisation. The
           group offers telecommunications infrastructure services, including design, construction and project
           supervision and management; business process outsourcing services, including management of
           infrastructure for information technology, general facilities management, supply chain and products
           distribution; and applications, content and other services, including system integration, software
           development and system support, and value-added services.


      (b) Organisation
           The company was established in the PRC on 30 August 2006 as a joint stock limited company under the
           Company Law of the PRC as part of the restructuring of China Telecommunications Corporation (“CTC”), a
           state-owned enterprise under the direct supervision of the State-owned Assets Supervision and
           Administration Commission of the State Council. The H shares of the company have been listed on the Main
           Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited since 8 December 2006.

           The address of the company’s registered office is Block No. 1, Compound No. 1, Fenghuangzui Street,
           Fengtai District, Beijing, PRC 100073. At 31 December 2024, the directors of the company consider the
           immediate and ultimate holding company of the group to be CTC.


2. Material Accounting Policies
      (a) Statement of compliance
           The consolidated financial statements of the group have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting
           Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”). The consolidated
           financial statements also comply with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
           and the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
           Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”). A summary of the material accounting policies adopted by
           the group is set out below.

           The IASB has issued certain revised IFRS Accounting Standards that are first effective or available for early
           adoption for the current year of the group. Note 3 provides information on any changes in accounting
           policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent that they are relevant to the
           group for the current and prior years reflected in these consolidated financial statements.


      (b) Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
           The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024 comprise the group and its
           interests in associates and joint ventures.

           For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if
           such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users.

           The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain
           financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the
           accounting policies set out below.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   195

                                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2024




2. Material Accounting Policies (continued)
   (b) Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (continued)
       Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and
       services.

       Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
       transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is
       directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or
       a liability, the group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would
       take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value
       for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on
       such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based
       Payment , leasing transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 16 Leases (“IFRS 16”), and measurements
       that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in IAS 2 Inventories
       or value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets .

       In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3
       based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance
       of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

       •     Level 1:    inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that
                         the entity can access at the measurement date;

       •     Level 2:    inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for
                         the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

       •     Level 3:    inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

       The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards
       requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of
       accounting policies and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and
       associated assumptions are based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be
       reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the judgements about
       carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may
       differ from these estimates.

       The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
       estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period,
       or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

       Judgements made by management in the application of IFRS Accounting Standards that have significant
       effect on the consolidated financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in
       note 45.
196   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




2. Material Accounting Policies (continued)
      (c) Basis of consolidation
           (i)     Business combinations involving enterprises under common control
                   A business combination involving enterprises under common control is a business combination in
                   which all of the combining enterprises are ultimately controlled by the same party or parties both before
                   and after the business combination, and that control is not transitory. The assets and liabilities obtained
                   are measured at the carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements of the ultimate
                   controlling party at the combination date. The difference between the carrying amount of the net
                   assets obtained and the carrying amount of consideration paid for the combination (or the total face
                   value of shares issued) is adjusted to capital reserve. The combination date is the date on which one
                   combining enterprise effectively obtains control of the other combining enterprises.

           (ii)    Business combinations involving entities not under common control
                   A business combination involving entities not under common control is a business combination in
                   which all of the combining entities are not ultimately controlled by the same party or parties before the
                   business combination.

                   The acquirer, at the acquisition date, allocates the consideration of the business combination by
                   recognising the acquiree’s identifiable asset, liabilities and contingent liabilities at their fair value at that
                   date. The excess of the consideration over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is
                   recorded as goodwill (see note 2(d)).

                   Except for certain recognition exemptions, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed must
                   meet the definitions of an asset and a liability in the International Accounting Standards Committee’s
                   Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements (replaced by the Conceptual
                   Framework for Financial Reporting issued in September 2010).

           (iii)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests
                   The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the company and entities
                   controlled by the company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the company:

                   a.    has power over the investee;

                   b.    is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

                   c.    has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

                   The group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
                   there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

                   Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases
                   when the group loses control of the subsidiary.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   197

                                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2024




2. Material Accounting Policies (continued)
   (c) Basis of consolidation (continued)
       (iii)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (continued)
               Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a
               proportionate share of the entity’s net assets in the event of liquidation may be initially measured either
               at fair value or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the
               acquiree’s identifiable net assets. The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-
               transaction basis.

               Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
               company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed
               to the owners of the company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-
               controlling interests having a deficit balance.

               When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
               accounting policies into line with the group’s accounting policies.

               All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
               between members of the group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

               Changes in the group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the group losing control over the
               subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the group’s relevant
               components of equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their
               relative interests in the subsidiaries, including re-attribution of relevant reserves between the group and
               the non-controlling interests according to the group’s and the non-controlling interests’ proportionate
               interests. Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and
               the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to
               owners of the company.

               When the group loses control of a subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary and non-
               controlling interests (if any) are derecognised. A gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is
               calculated as the difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received
               and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the previous carrying amount of the assets (including
               goodwill), and liabilities of the subsidiary attributable to the owners of the company. All amounts
               previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for
               as if the group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified
               to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable
               IFRSs). The fair value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is
               lost is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for subsequent accounting under IFRS 9 Financial
               Instruments (“IFRS 9”), or when applicable, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an
               associate or a joint venture.
198   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




2. Material Accounting Policies (continued)
      (c) Basis of consolidation (continued)
           (iv)   Investments in associates and joint ventures
                  Associates are entities in which the group has significant influence, but not control or joint control, over
                  its management, including participation in the financial and operating decisions.

                  A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement
                  have rights to the net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing
                  of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require
                  unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

                  Investments in associates or joint ventures are accounted for in the consolidated financial statements
                  under the equity method. Under the equity method, the investments are initially recorded at cost,
                  adjusted for any excess of the group’s share of the acquisition-date fair values of the investees’
                  identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any, after reassessment) which is recognised
                  in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post
                  acquisition change in the group’s share of the investee’s profit or loss and other comprehensive
                  income. The group’s share of the post-acquisition, post-tax results of the investees and any
                  impairment losses for the year are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, whereas
                  the group’s share of the post-acquisition post-tax items of the investees’ other comprehensive income
                  is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

                  When the group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or joint venture (which includes
                  any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the group’s net investment in the associate or
                  joint venture), the group’s interest is reduced to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued
                  except to the extent that the group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on
                  behalf of the investee.

                  Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the group and its associates or joint
                  ventures are eliminated to the extent of the group’s interest in the investee, except where unrealised
                  losses provide evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised
                  immediately in profit or loss.

                  When the group reduces its ownership interest in an associate or a joint venture but the group
                  continues to use the equity method, the group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or
                  loss that had previously been recognised in other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in
                  ownership interest if that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the
                  related assets or liabilities.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   199

                                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2024




2. Material Accounting Policies (continued)
   (d) Goodwill
         Goodwill represents the excess of

         (i)    the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling
                interest in the acquiree and the fair value of the group’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree;
                over

         (ii)   the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.

         When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain
         purchase after reassessment.

         Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill arising on a business combination
         involving entities not under common control is allocated to each cash-generating unit, or group of cash
         generating units, which is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination and is tested annually
         for impairment, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management
         purposes and not larger than an operating segment (see note 2(j)).

         On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of cash-
         generating units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount of profit
         or loss on disposal. When the group disposes of an operation within the cash-generating unit (or a cash-
         generating unit within a group of cash-generating units), the amount of goodwill disposed of is measured on
         the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the cash-generating unit) disposed of and the portion of
         the cash-generating unit (or the group of cash-generating units) retained.


   (e) Investment properties
         Investment properties are buildings which are owned to earn rental income and/or for capital appreciation.

         Investment properties are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less accumulated
         depreciation and impairment losses (see note 2(j)). Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost less
         estimated residual value if applicable and is charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the
         estimated useful lives ranging from 20 years to 30 years.

         When an item of property, plant and equipment is transferred to investment property evidenced by end of
         owner-occupation or when an investment property commencement of owner-occupation and reclassified as
         property, plant and equipment, its costs at the date of reclassification becomes its cost for accounting
         purposes.


   (f)   Property, plant and equipment
         Property, plant and equipment are initially recorded at cost, less subsequent accumulated depreciation and
         impairment losses (see note 2(j)). The cost of an asset comprises its purchase price, any directly attributable
         costs of bringing the asset to working condition and location for its intended use and the cost of borrowed
         funds used during the periods of construction. Expenditure incurred after the asset has been put into
         operation, including cost of replacing part of such an item, is capitalised only when it increases the future
         economic benefits embodied in the item of property, plant and equipment and the cost can be measured
         reliably. All other expenditure is expensed as incurred.
200    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




2. Material Accounting Policies (continued)
      (f)   Property, plant and equipment (continued)
            Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are
            determined as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the item and
            are recognised in profit or loss on the date of retirement or disposal.

            Depreciation is provided to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment, less their estimated
            residual value, if any, using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives as follows:

            Buildings                                                             5–30 years
            Building improvements                                                 5–8 years
            Motor vehicles                                                        6–10 years
            Furniture, fixtures and other equipment                               3–10 years

            The useful life of an asset and its residual value, if any, and depreciation method are reviewed annually.


      (g) Construction in progress
            Construction in progress is stated at cost less impairment losses (see note 2(j)). Cost comprises direct costs
            of construction, capitalisation of interest charge and foreign exchange differences on related borrowed funds
            to the extent that they are regarded as an adjustment to interest charges, during the period of construction.

            Capitalisation of these costs ceases and the construction in progress is transferred to property, plant and
            equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the asset for its intended use are
            completed. No depreciation is provided in respect of construction in progress until it is completed and ready
            for its intended use.


      (h) Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
            Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

            An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development phase
            of an internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

            a.     the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;

            b.     the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

            c.     the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;

            d.     how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

            e.     the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and
                   to use or sell the intangible asset; and

            f.     the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its
                   development.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   201

                                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2024




2. Material Accounting Policies (continued)
   (h) Intangible assets (other than goodwill) (continued)
         The expenditure capitalised includes the costs of materials, direct labour and an appropriate proportion of
         overheads and borrowing costs, where applicable (see note 2(t)). Capitalised development costs are stated
         at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses (see note 2(j)). Other development expenditure
         is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

         Intangible assets that are acquired by the group are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation (where the
         estimated useful life is finite) and impairment losses (see note 2(j)).

         Amortisation of intangible assets with finite useful lives is charged to profit or loss from the date they are
         available for use on a straight-line basis over the assets’ estimated useful lives.

         The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:

         Computer software and others                                     2–10 years

         Both the period and method of amortisation are reviewed annually.


   (i)   Leases
         Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities
         include the net present value of the following lease payments:

         •    fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivables,

         •    variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate
              as at the commencement date,

         •    amounts expected to be payable by the group under residual value guarantees,

         •    the exercise price of a purchase option if the group is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and

         •    payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the group exercising that
              option.

         Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the
         measurement of the liability.

         The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily
         determined, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the individual lessee would
         have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a
         similar economic environment with similar terms, security and conditions.
202    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




2. Material Accounting Policies (continued)
      (i)   Leases (continued)
            To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the group:

            •      where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting point,
                   adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received;

            •      uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases held
                   by the group, which does not have recent third party financing; and

            •      makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security.

            If a readily observable amortising loan rate is available to the individual lessee (through recent financing or
            market data) which has a similar payment profile to the lease, then the group entities use that rate as a
            starting point to determine the incremental borrowing rate.

            The group is exposed to potential future increases in variable lease payments based on an index or rate,
            which are not included in the lease liability until they take effect. When adjustments to lease payments based
            on an index or rate take effect, the lease liability is reassessed and adjusted against the right-of-use asset.

            Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or
            loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of
            the liability for each period.

            Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

            •      the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability;

            •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received;

            •      any initial direct costs; and

            •      restoration costs.

            Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on
            a straight-line basis. If the group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is
            depreciated over the underlying asset’s useful life.

            Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line
            basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less
            without a purchase option.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   203

                                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2024




2. Material Accounting Policies (continued)
   (i)   Leases (continued)
         The group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

         •     the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying
               assets; and

         •     the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price for
               the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the
               circumstances of the particular contract.

         For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the group remeasures the lease
         liability based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a
         revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

         For the lessor, the group derecognises assets held under a finance lease in balance sheet and present them
         as a receivable at the present value of the lease payments. Lease income from operating leases is
         recognised in the consolidated income statement on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Initial direct
         costs incurred in obtaining an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the underlying asset and
         recognised as expense over the lease term on the same basis as lease income. The respective leased
         assets are included in the balance sheet based on their nature.


   (j)   Impairment of long-lived assets
         Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to identify
         indications that the following long-lived assets may be impaired, except in the case of goodwill:

         –     property, plant and equipment;

         –     right-of-use assets;

         –     investment properties;

         –     construction in progress;

         –     goodwill; and

         –     Intangible assets with finite useful lives.

         If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In addition, for goodwill, intangible
         assets that are not yet available for use and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives, the recoverable
         amount is estimated annually whether or not there is any indication of impairment.
204    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




2. Material Accounting Policies (continued)
      (j)   Impairment of long-lived assets (continued)
            –      Calculation of recoverable amount
                   The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal and value in
                   use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value
                   using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of time value of money and the
                   risks specific to the asset for which the future cash flow estimates have not been adjusted. Where an
                   asset does not generate cash inflows largely independent of those from other assets, the recoverable
                   amount is determined for the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a
                   cash-generating unit).

            –      Recognition of impairment losses
                   An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss if the carrying amount of an asset, or the cash-
                   generating unit to which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount.

                   Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the
                   carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating
                   units) and then, to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of cash-
                   generating units) on a pro rata basis, except that the carrying value of an asset will not be reduced
                   below its individual fair value less costs of disposal, or value in use, if determinable or zero.

            –      Reversals of impairment losses
                   In respect of assets other than goodwill, an impairment loss is reversed if there has been a favourable
                   change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss in respect of
                   goodwill is not reversed.

                   A reversal of impairment losses is limited to the asset’s carrying amount that would have been
                   determined had no impairment loss been recognised in prior years. Reversals of impairment losses are
                   credited to profit or loss in the year in which the reversals are recognised.


      (k) Inventories
            Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

            Cost is calculated using the weighted average cost formula and comprises all costs of purchase and other
            costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.

            Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs
            necessary to make the sale.

            When inventories are sold, the carrying amount of those inventories is recognised as an expense in the
            period in which the related revenue is recognised. The amount of any write-down of inventories to net
            realisable value and all losses of inventories are recognised as an expense in the period the write-down or
            loss occurs. The amount of any reversal of any write-down of inventories is recognised as a reduction in the
            amount of inventories recognised as an expense in the period in which the reversals occurs.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   205

                                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




2. Material Accounting Policies (continued)
   (l)   Financial instruments
         Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the
         contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised
         and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial
         assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the
         market place.

         Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for accounts receivables
         arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15. Transaction
         costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other
         than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)) are added to or
         deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.
         Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are
         recognised immediately in profit or loss.

         The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial
         liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest
         rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and
         points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other
         premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where
         appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

         Financial assets
         Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
         Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

         •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows;
               and

         •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
               and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

         All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition of a financial
         asset the group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in
         other comprehensive income (“OCI”) if that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent
         consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations
         (“IFRS 3”) applies.
206    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




2. Material Accounting Policies (continued)
      (l)   Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial assets (continued)
            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)
            (i)     Amortised cost and interest income
                    Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
                    subsequently at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to
                    the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently
                    become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-
                    impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of
                    the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial
                    instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is
                    recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset
                    from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit
                    impaired.

            (ii)    Equity instruments designated as at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)
                    Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and
                    losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in OCI and accumulated in the fair value reserve;
                    and are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to
                    profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to retained earnings.

                    Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the
                    group’s right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery
                    of part of the cost of the investment. Dividends are included in the “other income” line item in profit or
                    loss.

            (iii)   Financial assets at FVTPL
                    Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or designated as
                    FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

                    Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair
                    value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss.

            Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9
            The group performs impairment assessment under expected credit losses (“ECL”) model on financial assets
            (including accounts and bills receivables, financial assets included in prepayments and other current assets,
            long-term receivables, short-term bank deposits and restricted cash, cash and cash equivalents), lease
            receivables and contract assets which are subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9. The amount of
            ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

            Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the
            relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is
            expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date.
            Assessment is done based on the group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are
            specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at
            the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   207

                                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




2. Material Accounting Policies (continued)
   (l)   Financial instruments (continued)
         Financial assets (continued)
         Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9
         (continued)
         The group always recognises lifetime ECL for accounts receivables, lease receivables and contract assets.
         The ECL on these assets are assessed individually for debtors with significant risk, and collectively using a
         provision matrix with appropriate groupings based on shared credit risk characteristics and type of
         customers, such as receivables from telecommunications operators and non-telecom operators.
         Telecommunications operators include China Telecommunications Corporation and its subsidiaries (excluding
         the group) (“CTC Group”), China Mobile Communications Group Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries (“CM Group”),
         China Unicom Group and its subsidiaries, China Radio and Television Network Group Co., Ltd. and its
         subsidiaries (“China Broadnet Group”), and China Tower Corporation Limited, non-telecom operators refer
         to all of the other customers.

         (i)    Significant increase in credit risk
                In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the group
                compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the
                risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this
                assessment, the group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and
                supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without
                undue cost or effort.

                In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
                increased significantly:

                •     failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;

                •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available);

                •     existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
                      expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

                •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and

                •     an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                      environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its
                      debt obligations.

                The group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a
                significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable
                of identifying significant increase in credit risk.

         (ii)   Definition of default
                For internal credit risk management, the group considers an event of default occurs when information
                developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its
                creditors, including the group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the group).
208    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




2. Material Accounting Policies (continued)
      (l)   Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial assets (continued)
            Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9
            (continued)
            (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets
                    A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
                    estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is
                    credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

                    •     significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

                    •     a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                    •     the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
                          financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not
                          otherwise consider;

                    •     it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;
                          or

                    •     the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.

            (iv)    Write-off policy
                    The group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in
                    severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the
                    counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial
                    assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the group’s recovery procedures,
                    taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any
                    subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.

            (v)     Measurement and recognition of ECL
                    The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the
                    magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the
                    probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data and forward-looking information.
                    Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the
                    respective risks of default occurring as the weights. The group uses a practical expedient in estimating
                    ECL on accounts receivables using a provision matrix taking into consideration historical credit loss
                    experience, adjusted for forward looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

                    Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the group in
                    accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the group expects to receive, discounted at the
                    effective interest rate determined at initial recognition. For a lease receivable, the cash flows used for
                    determining the ECL is consistent with the cash flows used in measuring the lease receivable in
                    accordance with IFRS 16.

                    Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the
                    financial asset is credit impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost
                    of the financial asset.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   209

                                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




2. Material Accounting Policies (continued)
   (l)   Financial instruments (continued)
         Financial assets (continued)
         Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9
         (continued)
         (v)   Measurement and recognition of ECL (continued)
               The group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by
               adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of accounts and bills receivables, contract assets,
               lease receivables and other receivables where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a
               loss allowance account.

         Derecognition of financial assets
         The group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset
         expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the
         asset to another entity.

         On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s
         carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

         On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the group has elected on initial recognition to
         measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the fair value reserve is not
         reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained earnings.

         Financial liabilities and equity
         Classification as debt or equity
         Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the
         substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

         Equity instruments
         An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
         deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the company are recognised at the proceeds
         received, net of direct issue costs.

         Financial liabilities
         All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at FVTPL or at amortised cost using the effective interest
         method.

         (i)   Financial liabilities at FVTPL
               Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) contingent consideration of
               an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 applies, (ii) held for trading or (iii) it is designated
               as at FVTPL.

               A financial liability is held for trading if:

               •      it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or

               •      on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the group
                      manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

               •      it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and
                      effective hedging instrument.
210    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




2. Material Accounting Policies (continued)
      (l)   Financial instruments (continued)
            Financial liabilities and equity (continued)
            Financial liabilities (continued)
            (ii)    Financial liabilities at amortised cost
                    Financial liabilities including interest-bearing borrowings, accounts and bills payables, financial liabilities
                    included in accrued expenses and other payables are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using
                    the effective interest method.

            (iii)   Derecognition of financial liabilities
                    The group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the group’s obligations are
                    discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial
                    liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.


      (m) Cash and cash equivalents
            Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other
            financial institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known
            amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three
            months of original maturity at acquisition.


      (n) Employee benefits
            (i)     Short-term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution retirement plans
                    Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution retirement plans and
                    the cost of non-monetary benefits are accrued in the year in which the associated services are
                    rendered by employees.

            (ii)    Termination benefits
                    A liability for a termination benefit is recognised at the earlier of when the group can no longer withdraw
                    the offer of the termination benefit and when it recognises any related restructuring costs.

            (iii)   Share appreciation rights scheme
                    Liabilities for the group’s share appreciation rights are recognised as employee benefit expense over
                    the relevant service period based on the estimated number of rights that are expected to vest. The
                    liabilities are presented as employee benefit obligations and remeasured to fair value at each reporting
                    date, with any measurement changes recognised in profit or loss as employee benefit expense. In
                    estimating the fair value, market conditions and non-vesting conditions are taken into account. Where
                    share appreciation rights are forfeited due to a failure by the employee to satisfy the service conditions,
                    the liability is derecognised and expenses previously recognised are reversed. Further details of the
                    group’s share appreciation rights scheme are set out in note 42.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   211

                                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2024




2. Material Accounting Policies (continued)
   (o) Income tax
       Income tax for the year comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Current
       tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent
       that they relate to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the
       relevant amounts of tax are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.
       Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial recognition for a business combination, the tax effect
       is included in the accounting for the business combination.

       Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or
       substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of
       previous years.

       Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences respectively, being
       the differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and
       their tax bases. Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits.

       Apart from certain limited exceptions, all deferred tax liabilities, and all deferred tax assets to the extent that it
       is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised, are recognised.
       Future taxable profits that may support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from deductible
       temporary differences include those that will arise from the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences,
       provided those differences relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are
       expected to reverse either in the same period as the expected reversal of the deductible temporary
       difference or in periods into which a tax loss arising from the deferred tax asset can be carried back or
       forward. The same criteria are adopted when determining whether existing taxable temporary differences
       support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and credits, that is, those
       differences are taken into account if they relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity,
       and are expected to reverse in a period, or periods, in which the tax loss or credit can be utilised.

       The limited exceptions to recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities are those temporary differences
       arising from goodwill not deductible for tax purposes, the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a
       transaction other than a business combination that, at the time of the transaction, affects neither accounting
       nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.

       The amount of deferred tax recognised is measured based on the expected manner of realisation or
       settlement of the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively
       enacted at the end of the reporting period. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted.

       The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and is reduced
       to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the related tax
       benefit to be utilised. Any such reduction is reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient
       taxable profits will be available.
212   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




2. Material Accounting Policies (continued)
      (o) Income tax (continued)
           Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from
           each other and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax
           assets against deferred tax liabilities, if the group has the legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets
           against current tax liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:

           –      in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the group intends either to settle on a net basis, or to
                  realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or

           –      in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same
                  taxation authority on either:

                  –     the same taxable entity; or

                  –     different taxable entities which, intend either to realise the current tax assets and settle the
                        current tax liabilities on a net basis or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously,
                        in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected
                        to be settled or recovered.


      (p) Provisions and contingent liabilities
           Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the group has a legal or
           constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits
           will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money
           is material, provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditure expected to settle the obligation.

           Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
           estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of
           economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence
           or non-occurrence of one or more future events, are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the
           probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.


      (q) Revenue from contracts with customers
           The group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied. i.e. when “control” of the
           goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

           A performance obligation represents a piece of goods or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is
           distinct or a series of a piece of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

           Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards
           complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

           •      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the group’s performance
                  as the group performs;
                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   213

                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2024




2. Material Accounting Policies (continued)
   (q) Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
       •     the group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the groups
             performs; or

       •     the group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the group and the group
             has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

       As such, revenues from contracts with customers of major telecommunications support services, including
       construction (included in the revenue from telecommunications infrastructure services described in note 4),
       management of infrastructure for information technology (included in the revenue from business process
       outsourcing services described in note 4) are generally recognised over time during which the services are
       provided to customers.

       Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of a piece of distinct
       goods or services.

       A contract asset represents the group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the
       group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance
       with IFRS 9 (see note 2(l)). In contrast, a receivable represents the group’s unconditional right to
       consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

       A contract liability represents the group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the
       group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

       A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented on a
       net basis.

       Contracts with multiple performance obligations (including allocation of transaction price)
       For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations, the group allocates the transaction price
       to each performance obligation on relative stand-alone selling price basis.

       The stand-alone selling price of a piece of distinct goods or a distinct service underlying each performance
       obligation is determined at contract inception. It represents the price at which the group would sell a
       promised goods or service separately to a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable,
       the group estimates it using appropriate techniques such that the transaction price ultimately allocated to
       any performance obligation reflects the amount of consideration to which the group expects to be entitled in
       exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to the customer.

       Revenue recognised over time: measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of a
       performance obligation
       The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is mainly measured based on the
       output method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurement of the value of the goods
       or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services promised under
       the contract, that best depict the group’s performance in transferring control of goods or services.
214   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




2. Material Accounting Policies (continued)
      (q) Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
           Warranties
           If a customer has the option to purchase a warranty separately, the group accounts for the warranty as a
           separate performance obligation and allocates a portion of the transaction price to that performance
           obligation.

           If a customer does not have the option to purchase a warranty separately, the group accounts for the
           warranty in accordance with IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets unless the
           warranty provides the customer with a service in addition to the assurance that the product complies with
           agreed-upon specification (i.e. service-type warranties).

           For service-type warranties, the promised service is a performance obligation. In that case, the group
           allocates a portion of the transaction price to the warranty.

           Existence of significant financing component
           In determining the transaction price, the group adjusts the promised amount of consideration for the effects
           of the time value of money if the timing of payments agreed (either explicitly or implicitly) provides the
           customer or the group with a significant benefit of financing the transfer of goods or services to the
           customer. In those circumstances, the contract contains a significant financing component. A significant
           financing component may exist regardless of whether the promise of financing is explicitly stated in the
           contract or implied by the payment terms agreed to by the parties to the contract.

           For contract where the period between payment and transfer of the associated goods or services is less
           than one year, the group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the transaction price for any
           significant financing component.

           Principal versus agent
           When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the group determines whether
           the nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services itself (i.e. the
           group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the other party (i.e. the
           group is an agent).

           The group is a principal if it controls the specified goods or service before that goods or service is transferred
           to a customer.

           The group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified goods or
           service by another party. In this case, the group does not control the specified goods or service provided by
           another party before that goods or service is transferred to the customer. When the group acts as an agent,
           it recognises revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled in exchange
           for arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by the other party.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   215

                                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2024




2. Material Accounting Policies (continued)
   (r) Government grants
         Government grants are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position initially when there is
         reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the group will comply with the conditions attaching
         to them. Grants that compensate the group for expenses incurred are recognised as income in profit or loss
         on a systematic basis in the same periods in which the expenses are incurred. Grants that compensate the
         group for the cost of an asset are recognised in profit or loss over the useful life of the asset.


   (s) Translation of foreign currencies
         Items included in the financial statements of each of the group’s entities are measured using the currency of
         the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (“the functional currency”). The functional
         currency of the company and the presentation currency of the group is Renminbi (“RMB”). Foreign currency
         transactions during the year are translated at the applicable rates of exchange quoted by the People’s Bank
         of China prevailing on the transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
         are translated at the applicable rates ruling at the end of the reporting period. Foreign currency differences,
         other than those capitalised as construction in progress (see note 2(g)), are recognised in profit or loss. Non-
         monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
         translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. Non-monetary assets and
         liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at fair value are translated using the foreign
         exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was determined.

         The results of foreign operations are translated into RMB at the exchange rates approximating the foreign
         exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. Assets and liabilities of foreign operations are
         translated into RMB at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the end of the reporting period. The resulting
         exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in equity
         in the exchange reserve. Upon the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the group’s entire
         interest in a foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign
         operation), all of the currency translation differences accumulated in equity in respect of that operation
         attributable to the equity shareholders of the company are reclassified to profit or loss.


   (t)   Borrowing costs
         Borrowing costs that directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets,
         which are asset that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale
         are capitalised as part of the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which
         they are incurred.

         The capitalisation of borrowing costs as part of the cost of a qualifying asset commences when expenditure
         for the asset is being incurred, borrowing costs are being incurred and development activities that are
         necessary to prepare the asset for its intended use or sale are in progress. Capitalisation of borrowing costs
         is suspended or ceases when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the qualifying asset for its
         intended use or sale are interrupted or complete.
216   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




2. Material Accounting Policies (continued)
      (u) Segment reporting
           Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial
           statements, are identified from the financial information provide regularly to the group’s most senior executive
           management for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the group’s
           various lines of business and geographical locations.

           Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the
           segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
           services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute
           the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments
           which are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.

           The group principally has one operating segment and hence no segment information is provided (see note
           47).


      (v) Dividends or profit distributions
           Dividends or profit distributions are recognised as a liability in the period in which they are declared.


      (w) Related parties
           (a)    A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the group if that person:

                  (i)     has control or joint control of the group;

                  (ii)    has significant influence over the group; or

                  (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the group or the group’s parent.

           (b)    An entity is related to the group if any of the following conditions applies:

                  (i)     The entity and the group are members of the same group (which means that each parent,
                          subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others);

                  (ii)    One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a
                          member of a group of which the other entity is a member);

                  (iii)   Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party;

                  (iv)    One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;

                  (v)     The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the group or
                          an entity related to the group;

                  (vi)    The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

                  (vii)   A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                          management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity);
                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   217

                                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2024




2. Material Accounting Policies (continued)
   (w) Related parties (continued)
        (b)   (continued)

              (viii)   The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                       services to the group or to the group’s parent.

        Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be
        influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.


3. Changes in Accounting Policies
   In the current year, the group has applied, for the first time, the following amendments to IFRS Accounting
   Standards issued by the IASB that are mandatorily effective for the current year:

   •    Amendments to IAS 1, Presentation of financial statements – Classification of liabilities as current or non-
        current (“2020 amendments”) and amendments to IAS 1, Presentation of financial statements – Non-current
        liabilities with covenants (“2022 amendments”)

   •    Amendments to IFRS 16, Leases – Lease liability in a sale and leaseback

   •    Amendments to IAS 7, Statement of cash flows and IFRS 7, Financial instruments: Disclosures – Supplier
        finance arrangements

   The application of the above amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in the current year has had no material
   effect on the group’s consolidated financial statements.


4. Revenues
   Revenues are derived from the provision of integrated comprehensive smart solutions.

   The group’s revenues by business nature can be summarised as follows:

                                                                                             2024              2023
                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000

   Revenue from telecommunications infrastructure services                             75,172,237        76,136,756
   Revenue from business process outsourcing services                                  43,459,018        43,550,614
   Revenue from applications, content and other services                               31,368,848        28,927,306

                                                                                     150,000,103        148,614,676


   The group’s major customers are telecommunications operators mainly including CTC Group and CM Group.
   Revenues from the provision of integrated telecommunications support services to CTC Group and CM Group for
   the year ended 31 December 2024 amounted to RMB59,134 million and RMB13,041 million, respectively (2023:
   RMB54,399 million and RMB15,804 million, respectively) being 39.4% and 8.7% of the group’s total revenues,
   respectively (2023: 36.6% and 10.6%, respectively). The revenues derived from areas outside Mainland China for
   the year ended 31 December 2024 amounted to RMB4,228 million (2023: RMB3,456 million).
218    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




4. Revenues (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2024, the group’s top three business lines that contributed to the overall
      revenues were construction included in telecommunications infrastructure services, system integration included in
      applications, content and other services and management of infrastructure for information technology included in
      business process outsourcing services, the revenues from which amounted to RMB60,673 million, RMB19,595
      million and RMB18,755 million, respectively (2023: the group’s top three business lines that contributed to the
      overall revenues were construction included in telecommunications infrastructure services, management of
      infrastructure for information technology included in business process outsourcing services and system integration
      included in applications, content and other services, the revenues from which amounted to RMB61,188 million,
      RMB18,568 million and RMB17,528 million, respectively).

      The group generally accounts for major telecommunications support services, including construction, management
      of infrastructure for information technology, logistics and warehousing in supply chain, as performance obligations
      satisfied over time, when the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the
      group’s performance as the group performs, or the group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the
      customer controls as the groups performs, revenue is recognised for these services by measuring the progress
      towards complete satisfaction of each performance obligation mainly using the output method. For other goods or
      services, the revenue recognition method is determined based on the specific contract terms.

      As of 31 December 2024, the total transaction price of RMB124,459 million (31 December 2023: RMB115,882
      million) allocated to the group’s remaining performance obligations under existing contracts is expected to be
      recognised as revenue in 2025 and subsequent periods (31 December 2023: 2024 and subsequent periods) in
      accordance with the terms of the contract and the provision of services. These amounts disclosed above do not
      include contracts with an original expected duration of one year or less.


5. Cost of Revenues
                                                                                               2024               2023
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000

      Subcontracting charges                                                              80,405,717         80,233,245
      Materials costs                                                                     25,579,237         24,670,341
      Direct personnel costs                                                               8,208,384          8,644,005
      Direct costs of products distribution                                                2,815,082          3,517,360
      Expense relating to short-term leases and leases of low-value assets                 1,244,655          1,255,813
      Depreciation and amortisation                                                        1,025,761          1,017,154
      Others                                                                              13,125,046         12,019,508

                                                                                         132,403,882       131,357,426
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   219

                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2024




6. Other Income
                                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000

   Interest income                                                                      665,373             693,001
   Management fee income                                                                394,394             393,803
   Input tax credits                                                                     31,865             200,156
   Government grants                                                                    192,701             264,214
   Dividend income from equity instruments at FVTOCI                                    192,751             177,746
   Write-back of non-payable liabilities                                                 64,612              51,078
   Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment,
      intangible assets and right-of-use assets                                          20,909              22,151
   Net foreign exchange gain                                                              8,449                   –
   Others                                                                               141,150             130,074

                                                                                      1,712,204           1,932,223



7. Other Expenses
                                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000

   Bank charges                                                                         107,913              93,687
   Penalty charge and compensation                                                       40,075              31,730
   Net foreign exchange loss                                                                  –              15,734
   Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets                  15,196               7,429
   Donations                                                                              3,700               2,040
   Others                                                                                20,328              18,929

                                                                                        187,212             169,549



8. Finance Costs
                                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000

   Interest on bank and other borrowings                                                  55,911             59,250
   Interest on lease liabilities                                                          49,604             54,484

                                                                                        105,515             113,734


   For the year ended 31 December 2024, no borrowing costs were capitalised in relation to construction in progress
   (2023: Nil).
220    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




9. Profit Before Tax
      Profit before tax has been arrived at after charging the following items:

                                                                                          2024             2023
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

      (a)   Staff costs:
            Salaries, wages and other benefits                                       16,243,716       16,586,383
            Contributions to defined contribution retirement schemes                  2,321,759        2,184,492

                                                                                     18,565,475       18,770,875

      (b)   Other items:
            Depreciation
              – Property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                 779,272           767,292
              – Right-of-use assets (note 17)                                           608,218           614,504
              – Investment properties (note 18)                                          93,447            88,787
            Amortisation
              – Intangible assets (note 21)                                             194,441           201,598
            Auditors’ remuneration                                                       25,823            30,008
            Write-down of inventories, net                                               11,839            48,978
            Impairment losses recognised and reversed on accounts
              receivables, other receivables, contract assets and others, net           514,792           416,880


      The selling expenses, general and administrative expenses, research and development costs and others of the
      group are RMB2,661 million, RMB5,806 million, RMB5,568 million and RMB1,019 million (2023: RMB2,672
      million, RMB5,848 million, RMB5,552 million and RMB841 million), respectively for the year ended 31 December
      2024.


10. Income Tax
      (a)   Income tax in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:

                                                                                          2024             2023
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

            Current tax                                                                 371,135           448,135
            Deferred tax (note 24)                                                      (13,699)           (70,330)

            Total income tax                                                            357,436           377,805
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024      221

                                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




10. Income Tax (continued)
    (b)   Reconciliation between income tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rates:

                                                                                                                      2024                    2023
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000

          Profit before tax                                                                                       4,110,833               4,109,482

          Expected income tax expense at a statutory tax rate of 25%
            (2023: 25%)                                                                                           1,027,708               1,027,371
          Differential/preferential tax rates on subsidiaries’ income (notes (i)(ii))                              (152,832)               (156,305)
          Non-deductible expenses                                                                                   200,385                 182,619
          Non-taxable income                                                                                        (87,078)                 (88,876)
          Tax losses and other temporary differences not recognised                                                 117,219                 174,047
          Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                                                         (16,562)                 (21,784)
          Adjustments in respect of current income tax of previous years                                             14,108                   14,465
          Additional deduction of research and development expenses (note (iii))                                   (745,512)               (753,732)

          Income tax                                                                                                 357,436                 377,805

          Notes:

          (i)      The provision for income tax of the group is calculated based on a statutory tax rate of 25% of the assessable profit of the group as
                   determined in accordance with the relevant PRC income tax rules and regulations for the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023:
                   25%), except for certain domestic subsidiaries of the group, which are taxed at preferential rates (refer to note (ii) below), where
                   applicable; and for certain overseas subsidiaries of the group, which are taxed at their respective statutory rates.

          (ii)     According to the PRC enterprise income tax law and its relevant regulations, certain subsidiaries that are qualified as High and New
                   Technology Enterprise, enterprises under the Western Region Development Program, and Small and Micro enterprises as defined
                   under the tax law are entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15%, 15% and 20% (2023: 15%, 15%, 20%).

          (iii)    According to the PRC enterprise income tax law and its relevant regulations, certain research and development expenses of group’s
                   PRC subsidiaries are qualified for an additional deduction of 100% for tax reporting purposes (2023: 100% for tax reporting
                   purposes).



11. Earnings Per Share
    The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to equity shareholders of the
    company for the year ended 31 December 2024 of RMB3,606,861 thousand (2023: RMB3,584,391 thousand)
    and number of shares in issue during the year ended 31 December 2024 of 6,926,018 thousand shares (2023:
    6,926,018 thousand shares).

    Diluted earnings per share is the same as basic earnings per share as there were no potential dilutive ordinary
    shares outstanding during both years.


12. Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                                                                      2024                    2023
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000

    Changes in fair value of equity instruments at fair value through other
      comprehensive income recognised during the year                                                             1,034,873                  140,013
    Net deferred tax charged to other comprehensive income                                                         (259,462)                  (36,094)
    Remeasurements of defined benefit plans                                                                            (150)                        (90)
    Exchange differences on translation of financial statements                                                     (18,023)                    (4,202)

    Other comprehensive income for the year                                                                          757,238                  99,627
222    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




13. Directors’ and Supervisors’ Emoluments
      The names of the directors and the supervisors of the company and their remuneration for the year ended 31
      December 2024 are as follows:

                                                              Salaries,                                Expenses
                                                           allowances                                  related to
                                                             and other                    Pension          share
                                                            benefits in Discretionary     scheme     appreciation
                                                  Fees            kind         bonus contributions         rights      Total
                                               RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                (note)

      Executive Directors
      Luan Xiaowei (appointed on
         30 January 2024)                              –            –             –              –              –          –
      Liu Guiqing (resigned on
         30 January 2024)                              –            –             –              –              –          –
      Cui Zhanwei (appointed on
         10 December 2024)                             –           61            82            43               –        186
      Yan Dong (resigned on
         10 December 2024)                             –          154           679           116             (46)       903
      Shen Aqiang (appointed on
         20 June 2024)                                 –          117           160           100               –        377
      Zhang Xu (resigned on
         31 May 2024)                                  –           76           490            63             (46)       583

                                                       –          408         1,411           322             (92)     2,049

      Non-Executive Directors
      Gao Tongqing                                     –            –             –              –              –          –
      Tang Yongbo                                      –            –             –              –              –          –
      Liu Aihua (appointed on
         30 January 2024)                              –            –             –              –              –          –
      Huang Zhen (resigned on
         30 January 2024)                              –            –             –              –              –          –

                                                       –            –             –              –              –          –

      Independent Non-Executive Directors
      Siu Wai Keung, Francis                         330            –             –              –              –        330
      Lv Tingjie                                     200            –             –              –              –        200
      Wang Qi                                        170            –             –              –              –        170
      Wang Chunge                                    170            –             –              –              –        170

                                                     870            –             –              –              –        870

      Supervisors
      Huang Xudan (appointed on
         30 January 2024)                              –            –             –             –               –          –
      Cai Manli                                      170            –             –             –               –        170
      Liu Lian                                         –          115           445            72             (17)       615

                                                     170          115           445            72             (17)       785

      Total directors’ and supervisors’
        emoluments                                                                                                     3,704
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024    223

                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2024




13. Directors’ and Supervisors’ Emoluments (continued)
   The names of the directors and the supervisors of the company and their remuneration for the year ended 31
   December 2023 are as follows:

                                                      Salaries,                                      Expenses
                                                   allowances                                        related to
                                                     and other                          Pension           share
                                                    benefits in   Discretionary         scheme     appreciation
                                            Fees          kind           bonus     contributions          rights      Total
                                         RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                          (note)

   Executive Directors
   Liu Guiqing                                 –             –                –               –               –             –
   Yan Dong (appointed on
      10 February 2023)                        –          180              615              138              42          975
   Huang Xiaoqing (resigned on
      10 February 2023)                        –           27               27               12              50          116
   Zhang Xu                                    –          189              573              148              42          952

                                               –          396            1,215              298            134          2,043

   Non-Executive Directors
   Gao Tongqing                                –             –                –               –               –            –
   Huang Zhen                                  –             –                –               –               –            –
   Tang Yongbo (appointed on
     16 June 2023)                             –             –                –               –               –             –

                                               –             –                –               –               –             –

   Independent Non-Executive Directors
   Siu Wai Keung, Francis                    330             –                –               –               –          330
   Lv Tingjie                                200             –                –               –               –          200
   Wang Qi                                   170             –                –               –               –          170
   Wang Chunge                               170             –                –               –               –          170

                                             870             –                –               –               –          870

   Supervisors
   Cai Manli                                 170             –                –               –               –          170
   Ye Lichun (resigned on
      5 December 2023)                         –             –               –                –               –            –
   Liu Lian                                    –            90             331               57              16          494

                                             170            90             331               57              16          664

   Total directors’ and supervisors’
     emoluments                                                                                                         3,577
224    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




13. Directors’ and Supervisors’ Emoluments (continued)
      Note:


      The discretionary bonus is determined based on the individual performance of the directors and supervisors and the group’s overall operating
      results.


      The emoluments of certain executive director or supervisor, and non-executive directors were not borne by the group and they received
      remunerations from the parent company and/or from other shareholders. The directors of the company are of the opinion that the services provided
      to the group only occupy an insignificant amount of their time and therefore it is concluded that those directors or supervisors are not remunerated
      for such services.


      The emoluments of executive directors were for their services rendered in connection with the management of the affairs of the group.


      The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were in connection with their services rendered as directors of the company.


      The emoluments of supervisors were in connection with their services rendered as a supervisor of the company or as an employee of the group.



14. Individuals with Highest Emoluments
      The five highest paid employees of the group are as follows:

                                                                                                                           2024                    2023

      Directors and supervisors                                                                                                 –                       –
      Non-director and non-supervisor employees                                                                                 5                       5

                                                                                                                                5                       5


      The remuneration paid to the above highest paid employees are as follows:

                                                                                                                        2024                     2023
                                                                                                                     RMB’000                  RMB’000

      Salaries, allowances and other benefits in kind                                                                     2,255                   2,327
      Discretionary bonuses                                                                                               4,810                   5,151
      Pension scheme contributions                                                                                          551                     586

                                                                                                                          7,616                   8,064


      The number of these highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following bands:

                                                                                                                           2024                    2023

      HKD equivalent
      1,000,001 to 1,500,000                                                                                                    2                       1
      1,500,001 to 2,000,000                                                                                                    2                       2
      2,000,001 to 2,500,000                                                                                                    1                       2
                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   225

                                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2024




15. Dividends
   (a) Dividends attributable to the year
                                                                                            2024                2023
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000

       Final dividend proposed after the end of reporting period of
         RMB0.2187 per share (2023: RMB0.2174 per share)                                1,514,720           1,505,716


       The final dividend proposed after the end of reporting period has not been recognised as a liability at the end
       of the reporting period.


   (b) Dividends attributable to the previous financial year, approved and paid
       during the year
                                                                                            2024                2023
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000

       Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year,
         approved and paid during the year, of RMB0.2174
         per share (2023: RMB0.1939 per share)                                          1,505,716           1,342,955
226    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




16. Property, Plant and Equipment, Net
                                                                                                 Furniture,
                                                                                              fixtures and
                                                                     Building       Motor            other
                                                 Buildings     improvements       vehicles      equipment        Total
                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000

      Cost
      As at 1 January 2024                       6,085,519         1,008,446     1,523,640      4,639,695     13,257,300
      Transfer to investment properties
        (note 18)                                 (123,705)                 –            –               –      (123,705)
      Transfer from investment properties
        (note 18)                                   17,478                  –            –               –       17,478
      Transfer from construction in
        progress (note 19)                          82,325            50,753            66         47,662        180,806
      Additions                                    119,871            37,376       118,002        269,440        544,689
      Disposals                                    (12,920)           (5,276)     (143,722)      (231,774)      (393,692)

      As at 31 December 2024                     6,168,568         1,091,299     1,497,986      4,725,023     13,482,876

      Accumulated depreciation and
        impairment losses
      As at 1 January 2024                       2,223,189           856,309     1,026,299      3,069,243      7,175,040
      Transfer to investment properties
        (note 18)                                   (16,571)                –            –               –       (16,571)
      Transfer from investment properties
        (note 18)                                    1,030                 –            –               –         1,030
      Depreciation charge                          231,168            64,704      114,102         369,298       779,272
      Depreciation written back on
        disposals                                    (9,900)           (5,276)    (134,590)      (214,686)      (364,452)
      Impairment loss                                     –                 –         (107)        (1,588)        (1,695)

      As at 31 December 2024                     2,428,916           915,737     1,005,704      3,222,267      7,572,624

      Net carrying value
      As at 31 December 2024                     3,739,652           175,562      492,282       1,502,756      5,910,252

      As at 1 January 2024                       3,862,330           152,137      497,341       1,570,452      6,082,260
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024     227

                                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2024




16. Property, Plant and Equipment, Net (continued)
                                                                                                  Furniture,
                                                                                               fixtures and
                                                               Building            Motor              other
                                            Buildings     improvements           vehicles        equipment            Total
                                            RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000

   Cost
   As at 1 January 2023                     6,097,513           934,366        1,515,419         4,467,302       13,014,600
   Transfer to investment properties
     (note 18)                                (68,225)                 –                –                 –          (68,225)
   Transfer from investment properties
     (note 18)                                  4,236                  –                –                 –               4,236
   Transfer from construction in
     progress (note 19)                        46,589            38,478               346          185,818           271,231
   Additions                                   18,552            41,983           126,413          215,522           402,470
   Disposals                                  (13,146)            (6,381)        (118,538)        (228,947)         (367,012)

   As at 31 December 2023                   6,085,519         1,008,446        1,523,640         4,639,695       13,257,300

   Accumulated depreciation and
     impairment losses
   As at 1 January 2023                     2,027,208           779,564        1,024,056         2,913,811        6,744,639
   Transfer to investment properties
     (note 18)                                  (5,601)                –                –                 –           (5,601)
   Transfer from investment properties
     (note 18)                                  3,578                 –                –                –             3,578
   Depreciation charge                        205,675            83,126          114,110          364,381           767,292
   Depreciation written back on
     disposals                                  (7,500)           (6,381)        (111,867)        (208,633)         (334,381)
   Impairment loss                                (171)                –                –             (316)             (487)

   As at 31 December 2023                   2,223,189           856,309        1,026,299         3,069,243        7,175,040

   Net carrying value
   As at 31 December 2023                   3,862,330           152,137          497,341         1,570,452        6,082,260

   As at 1 January 2023                     4,070,305           154,802          491,363         1,553,491        6,269,961


   All the group’s buildings are located in the PRC.

   Up to the date of issuance of these consolidated financial statements, the group was still in the process of applying
   for or changing the registration of the title certificates of certain of its properties with an aggregate carrying value of
   approximately RMB64 million as at 31 December 2024 (2023: RMB67 million) to its name. The directors of the
   company are of the opinion that the group is entitled to lawfully and validly occupy or use the above mentioned
   properties.
228    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




17. Right-of-use Assets
                                               Leasehold                       Motor            Other
                                                   lands     Buildings       vehicles      equipment            Total
                                                RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000

      As at 31 December 2024
      Net carrying value                          830,487    1,098,712           2,403          88,871       2,020,473


      As at 31 December 2023
      Net carrying value                          848,998    1,312,679           7,734          75,724       2,245,135

      For the year ended
        31 December 2024
      Depreciation charge                           25,955    512,603            6,847          62,813         608,218
      Impairment loss                                    –          4                –               –               4


      For the year ended
        31 December 2023
      Depreciation charge                           26,004    526,641            4,977          56,882         614,504
      Impairment loss                                    –          –                –           2,264           2,264


                                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000

      Expense relating to short-term leases                                                 1,418,550          1,437,755

      Expense relating to leases of low-value assets,
        excluding short-term leases of low-value assets                                         55,262            55,116

      Total cash outflow for leases                                                         2,148,260          2,145,735

      Additions to right-of-use assets                                                        487,976            673,826


      The group leases leasehold lands, buildings, motor vehicles and other equipment for its operations. Lease terms
      are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining
      the lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period, the group applies the definition of the terms
      under the contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.

      The group entered into short-term leases mainly for buildings, motor vehicles and other equipment. As at 31
      December 2024 and 2023, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which
      the short-term lease expense disclosed above.

      As at 31 December 2024, the group entered into new leases for buildings, motor vehicles and other equipment
      that had not yet commenced, the total future undiscounted cash flows over the non-cancellable period amounted
      to RMB90 million (2023: RMB82 million).
                                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   229

                                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2024




18. Investment Properties
                                                                                                              2024                2023
                                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000

   Cost
   As at 1 January                                                                                         2,706,189          2,625,943
   Additions                                                                                                  32,899               3,820
   Transfer from property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                                     123,705             68,225
   Transfer from right-of-use assets                                                                               –             12,437
   Transfer to property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                                       (17,478)             (4,236)
   Disposals                                                                                                 (10,496)                  –

   As at 31 December                                                                                       2,834,819          2,706,189

   Accumulated depreciation
   As at 1 January                                                                                         1,005,959            909,716
   Transfer from property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                                      16,571               5,601
   Transfer from right-of-use assets                                                                               –               5,433
   Transfer to property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                                        (1,030)             (3,578)
   Depreciation charge                                                                                        93,447             88,787
   Written back on disposals                                                                                 (10,496)                  –

   As at 31 December                                                                                       1,104,451          1,005,959

   Net carrying value
   As at 31 December                                                                                       1,730,368          1,700,230

   As at 1 January                                                                                         1,700,230          1,716,227

   Fair value (as at 31 December) (note)                                                                   6,557,665          6,122,748


   All the group’s investment properties are located in the PRC.

   Note:


   The fair value of the group’s investment properties was determined based on management’s estimation.
230    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




18. Investment Properties (continued)
      The group leases out its properties under operating leases. The leases typically run for period of one year to ten
      years, with an option to renew the lease after that date at which time all terms are renegotiated. None of the leases
      includes contingent rentals. At the end of the reporting period, the total future minimum lease payments receivable
      under non-cancellable period were as follows:

                                                                                                     2024                2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000

      Within one year                                                                               140,126            129,412
      In the second year                                                                            117,645            117,996
      In the third year                                                                             118,461            123,140
      In the fourth year                                                                             82,795            100,293
      In the fifth year                                                                              68,069             84,378
      After five years                                                                              127,540            136,601

      As at 31 December                                                                             654,636            691,820


      During the year ended 31 December 2024, RMB244 million (2023: RMB164 million) had been recognised as rental
      income in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and RMB19 million (2023: RMB17 million) in respect of
      direct operating costs relating to investment properties had been recognised as costs in the consolidated
      statement of profit or loss.

      Up to the date of issuance of these consolidated financial statements, the group was still in the process of applying
      for or changing the registration of the title certificates of certain of its properties with an aggregate carrying value of
      approximately RMB52 million as at 31 December 2024 (2023: RMB39 million) to its name. The directors of the
      company are of the opinion that the group is entitled to lawfully and validly occupy or use the above-mentioned
      properties.


19. Construction in Progress
                                                                                                     2024                2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000

      Cost
      As at 1 January                                                                               883,465             427,691
      Additions                                                                                     423,162             768,831
      Disposals                                                                                      (6,191)               (8,402)
      Transfer to intangible assets (note 21)                                                       (45,058)             (33,424)
      Transfer to property, plant and equipment (note 16)                                          (180,806)           (271,231)

      As at 31 December                                                                           1,074,572            883,465
                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   231

                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2024




20. Goodwill
                                                                                      31 December       31 December
                                                                                             2024              2023
                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000

   Cost and carrying amount                                                               103,005             103,005


                                                                                            2024                2023
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000

   Impairment testing for group of cash-generating
     units containing goodwill CITCC                                                      103,005             103,005

   The recoverable amount of group of cash-generating units relates to goodwill arising from the acquisition of CITCC
   which was determined based on value in use calculation. The calculation uses cash flow projection based on
   financial budget approved by management covering a five-year period and pre-tax discount rate adopted is
   12.35% (2023: 10.81%). The financial budgets and discount rate had been assessed by the group as at 31
   December 2024, taking into consideration a higher degree of estimation uncertainties in the current year due to
   uncertainty of volatility in the financial markets.

   Cash flows beyond the five years period are extrapolated using zero growth rate.

   Key assumptions used for the value in use calculations are the gross margin and revenue growth rate.
   Management determined the budgeted gross margin based on the gross margin achieved in the period
   immediately before the budget period and its expectation of the trend of major telecommunication operators’
   capital expenditure. Revenue growth was budgeted based on the actual revenue achieved in the period
   immediately before the budget period. Management believes any reasonably possible change in the key
   assumptions would not cause the group of cash-generating units’ carrying amount to exceed its recoverable
   amount.


21. Intangible Assets
                                                                                            2024                2023
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000

   Cost
   As at 1 January                                                                       2,096,481          1,897,867
   Additions                                                                               202,595            190,692
   Transfer from construction in progress (note 19)                                         45,058              33,424
   Disposals                                                                               (51,451)            (25,502)

   As at 31 December                                                                     2,292,683          2,096,481

   Accumulated amortisation
   As at 1 January                                                                       1,350,651          1,173,854
   Amortisation charge                                                                     194,441            201,598
   Written back on disposals                                                               (46,938)            (24,801)

   As at 31 December                                                                     1,498,154          1,350,651

   Net carrying value
   As at 31 December                                                                      794,529             745,830

   As at 1 January                                                                        745,830             724,013

   Intangible assets mainly represent computer software.
232    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




22. Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures
                                                                                       31 December         31 December
                                                                                              2024                2023
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000

      Share of associates                                                                   1,277,844         1,232,444
      Share of joint ventures                                                                  99,708           111,352

                                                                                            1,377,552         1,343,796


      The group’s associates and joint ventures are established and operated in the PRC. The group’s interests in
      associates and joint ventures are individually and in aggregate not material to the group’s financial condition or
      results of operation for the year.

      Aggregate financial information of the group’s associates and joint ventures that are not individually material is
      disclosed below:

                                                                                               2024               2023
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000

      The group’s share of profit of associates                                               137,732           112,767
      The group’s share of total comprehensive income of associates                           137,732           112,767

      The group’s share of profit of joint ventures                                            11,417              3,571
      The group’s share of total comprehensive income of joint ventures                        11,417              3,571



23. Equity Instruments at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income
      The equity instruments mainly represent ordinary shares of entities listed in stock exchanges of Mainland China.
      These investments are not held for trading, instead, they are held for long-term strategic purposes. The directors
      of the company have elected to designate these investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as they believe
      that recognising short-term fluctuations in these investments’ fair value in profit or loss would not be consistent
      with the group’s strategy of holding these investments for long-term purposes and realising their performance
      potentials in the long run.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   233

                                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2024




24. Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities
   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are attributable to the following:

                                                                    Assets                                 Liabilities

                                                       31 December          31 December         31 December          31 December
                                                              2024                 2023                2024                 2023
                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000

   Impairment losses, primarily for receivables
     and inventories                                          501,803               437,434                   –                  –
   Tax losses                                                  52,909                50,867                   –                  –
   Changes in fair values of FVTPL and FVTOCI                       –                     –            (948,905)         (682,261)
   Accrued expenses                                           507,707               553,707                   –                  –
   Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities                  229,735               262,638            (210,473)         (248,777)
   Others                                                           –                     –             (35,171)           (30,240)

                                                            1,292,154           1,304,646           (1,194,549)          (961,278)

   Offsetting                                                (255,115)              (284,910)          255,115            284,910

   Deferred tax assets/(liabilities)                        1,037,039           1,019,736              (939,434)         (676,368)


   Movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                        Recognised
                                                          As at    Recognised              in other                    As at
                                                      1 January      in profit or    comprehensive              31 December
                                                           2024             loss            income       Others        2024
                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                    (note 10(a))          (note 12)

   Impairment losses, primarily for receivables and
     inventories                                        437,434           64,369                  –              –        501,803
   Tax losses                                            50,867            2,042                  –              –         52,909
   Changes in fair value of FVTPL and FVTOCI           (682,261)          (7,182)          (259,462)             –       (948,905)
   Accrued expenses                                     553,707          (46,000)                 –              –        507,707
   Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities             13,861            5,401                  –              –         19,262
   Others                                               (30,240)          (4,931)                 –              –        (35,171)

                                                       343,368           13,699            (259,462)             –         97,605
234    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




24. Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities (continued)
                                                                                                       Recognised
                                                                      As at        Recognised               in other                             As at
                                                                  1 January         in profit or     comprehensive                        31 December
                                                                      2023                 loss             income            Others             2023
                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                   (note 10(a))           (note 12)

      Impairment losses, primarily for receivables and
        inventories                                                 388,401             49,033                     –                 –           437,434
      Tax losses                                                      42,580              8,287                    –                 –             50,867
      Changes in fair value of FVTPL and FVTOCI                    (640,919)             (5,248)             (36,094)                –          (682,261)
      Accrued expenses                                              530,321             23,386                     –                 –           553,707
      Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities                       10,158              3,703                    –                 –             13,861
      Others                                                         (21,409)            (8,831)                   –                 –            (30,240)

                                                                   309,132              70,330               (36,094)                –          343,368


      Note:


      As at 31 December 2024, the group had not recognised deferred tax assets in respect of tax losses of RMB1,856 million (2023: RMB1,923 million)
      as it is not probable that future taxable profits, against which the losses can be utilised, will be available. According to the PRC enterprise income
      tax law and its relevant regulations, the tax losses of certain subsidiaries that are qualified as High and New Technology Enterprise can be carried
      forward for ten years from the year they are incurred. As for other subsidiaries, the tax losses can be carried forward for five years from the year
      they are incurred.



25. Deposits at Financial Institutions with Original Maturity More Than One
    Year
                                                                                                                31 December               31 December
                                                                                                                       2024                      2023
                                                                                                                    RMB’000                   RMB’000

      Total deposits at financial institutions with original
        maturity more than one year                                                                                 15,774,629                9,387,156
      Less: Current portion                                                                                          3,603,728                3,498,709

                                                                                                                    12,170,901                5,888,447
                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   235

                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2024




26. Other Non-current Assets
                                                                                 31 December         31 December
                                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

   Long-term receivables                                                                521,668            622,357
   Others                                                                               318,344            386,612

                                                                                        840,012          1,008,969



27. Inventories
                                                                                 31 December         31 December
                                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

   Goods for resale                                                                     598,665            595,469
   Construction materials                                                               381,616            462,604
   Others                                                                               202,950            138,872

                                                                                      1,183,231          1,196,945



28. Accounts and Bills Receivables, Net
                                                                                 31 December         31 December
                                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

   Bills receivables                                                                 1,410,736            465,039
   Accounts receivables                                                             26,509,784         25,769,168

                                                                                    27,920,520         26,234,207
   Less: allowance for credit losses                                                (2,624,315)         (2,312,949)

                                                                                    25,296,205         23,921,258


   (a)   The amounts due from CTC Group, associates and joint ventures of the group, associates and joint ventures
         of CTC Group, and other related parties (see note 46) are unsecured, interest-free and are expected to be
         recovered within one year.
236    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




28. Accounts and Bills Receivables, Net (continued)
      (b)   The ageing analysis of accounts and bills receivables (net of allowance for credit losses) based on credit
            terms is as follows:

                                                                                        31 December         31 December
                                                                                               2024                2023
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000

            Current                                                                         2,089,253          1,892,584
            Within 1 year                                                                  19,334,238         18,452,197
            After 1 year but less than 2 years                                              2,900,914          2,707,336
            After 2 years but less than 3 years                                               718,462            649,456
            After 3 years but less than 4 years                                               161,188            136,651
            After 4 years but less than 5 years                                                43,676             34,560
            Over 5 years                                                                       48,474             48,474

                                                                                           25,296,205         23,921,258


      (c) Credit losses of accounts and bills receivables
            Credit losses in respect of accounts and bills receivables are recorded using an allowance account unless
            the group is satisfied that recovery of the amount is remote, in which case the credit loss is written off
            against accounts and bills receivables directly (see note 2(l)).

            Details of impairment assessment of accounts receivables are set out in note 44(a).


29. Contract Assets, Net
                                                                                        31 December         31 December
                                                                                               2024                2023
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000

      Telecommunications infrastructure services                                           32,552,493         23,874,832
      Business process outsourcing services                                                 1,469,655          1,223,662
      Applications, content and other services                                              4,271,528          3,798,145

                                                                                           38,293,676         28,896,639
      Less: allowance for credit losses                                                      (525,867)          (312,493)

                                                                                           37,767,809         28,584,146


      The contract assets relate to the rights of the group to considerations receivable for work completed and not billed
      because the rights are conditional upon the group’s future performance in achieving specified milestones on
      construction, design and other service contracts. The contract assets are transferred to accounts receivables
      when the rights become unconditional. The group typically transfers the contract assets to accounts receivables
      within one year when the specific milestones are met.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   237

                                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2024




30. Prepayments and Other Current Assets
                                                                                    31 December         31 December
                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

   Prepayments in connection with construction work and equipment purchases             6,040,123           6,083,479
   Other receivables                                                                    6,051,545           5,373,777
   Input VAT deductible                                                                   957,175             826,047
   Long-term receivables due within 1 year                                                534,822             535,395
   Others                                                                                 903,060             850,166

                                                                                       14,486,725         13,668,864


   Included in other receivables are mainly deposits. The amounts due from CTC Group, associates and joint
   ventures of the group, associates and joint ventures of CTC Group, and other related parties (see note 46) are
   unsecured, interest free and are expected to be recovered within one year.


31. Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss
                                                                                    31 December         31 December
                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

   Equity instruments                                                                     385,070             352,730

   Analysed for reporting purpose as:
     Current assets                                                                             –              10,429
     Non-current assets                                                                   385,070             342,301

                                                                                          385,070             352,730



32. Short-term Bank Deposits and Restricted Cash
   Short-term bank deposits and restricted cash represent cash in bank pledged as deposits for bills payables and
   cash held in dedicated bank accounts for certain construction projects, and deposits with original maturity over
   three months and within one year. Short-term bank deposits and restricted cash carry interest at prevailing market
   interest rates.


33. Cash and Cash Equivalents
                                                                                    31 December         31 December
                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

   Cash at bank and in hand                                                            15,634,788         18,475,393
   Cash at China Telecom Group Finance Co., Ltd. (“China Telecom Finance”)              4,003,248          4,439,472

   Cash and cash equivalents                                                           19,638,036         22,914,865


   Bank balances carry interest at prevailing market interest rates.
238    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




34. Interest-bearing Borrowings
      The group’s short-term and the current portion of long-term interest-bearing borrowings comprise:

                                                                                      31 December         31 December
                                                                                             2024                2023
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000

      RMB denominated
      Borrowings from banks
       – unsecured                                                                           82,050           131,630

      Other RMB denominated borrowings
        – unsecured                                                                                –             395

      USD denominated
      Borrowings from banks
        – unsecured                                                                         178,991           176,359
        – secured                                                                                 –            20,558

      Other denominated
      Borrowings from banks
        – unsecured                                                                         437,046           472,898

      Interest payables on short-term loans                                                   8,162             5,659

                                                                                            706,249           807,499
                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   239

                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2024




34. Interest-bearing Borrowings (continued)
    The group’s short-term borrowings bearing interest rate per annum are as follows:

                                                                                    31 December        31 December
                                                                                           2024               2023

    RMB denominated
    Borrowings from banks
     – unsecured                                                                    3.40%–3.70%       1.50%–3.80%

    Other RMB denominated borrowings
      – unsecured                                                                              NA     4.00%–4.50%

    USD denominated
    Borrowings from banks
     – unsecured (floating interest rate)                                                Secured             Secured
                                                                                      Overnight            Overnight
                                                                                  Financing Rate      Financing Rate
                                                                                       ( “SOFR”)            (“SOFR”)
                                                                                        +0.90%–            +1.08%–
                                                                                      1.08%.p.a           1.10%.p.a

    Other denominated
    Borrowings from banks
      – unsecured                                                                   6.91%–7.12%       5.61%–9.92%
      – unsecured (floating interest rate)                                            Hong Kong          Hong Kong
                                                                                         Interbank          Interbank
                                                                                     Offered Rate       Offered Rate
                                                                                        ( “HIBOR”)         (“HIBOR”)
                                                                                           + 0.95%   +0.95%–1.00%
                                                                                               AND
                                                                                     Saudi Arabia
                                                                                         Interbank
                                                                                     Offered Rate
                                                                                      ( “SAIBOR”)
                                                                                            +1.50%
240    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




34. Interest-bearing Borrowings (continued)
      The group’s long-term interest-bearing borrowings comprise:

                                                                                         31 December   31 December
                                                                                                2024          2023
                                                                                             RMB’000       RMB’000

      USD denominated
      Borrowings from banks
       – secured                                                                                   –        74,115

      Less: Current portion                                                                        –       (20,558)

                                                                                                   –        53,557


      The group’s long-term borrowings bearing interest rate per annum are as follows:

                                                                                         31 December   31 December
                                                                                                2024          2023

      USD denominated
      Borrowings from banks
       – secured (floating interest rate)                                                        NA    SOFR+2.45%


      The group’s borrowings were repayable as follows:

                                                                                         31 December   31 December
                                                                                                2024          2023
                                                                                             RMB’000       RMB’000

      Within 1 year                                                                          706,249       807,499
      After 1 year but within 2 years                                                              –        20,398
      After 2 years but within 5 years                                                             –        33,159

                                                                                             706,249       861,056
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   241

                                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2024




35. Accounts and Bills Payables
    Accounts and bills payables comprise:

                                                                                      31 December           31 December
                                                                                             2024                  2023
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000

    Accounts payables                                                                    59,837,140           48,655,930
    Bills payables                                                                        6,057,749            4,770,468

                                                                                         65,894,889           53,426,398


    The ageing analysis of accounts and bills payables based on the invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                      31 December           31 December
                                                                                             2024                  2023
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000

    Within 1 year                                                                        63,309,727           50,406,385
    After 1 year but less than 2 years                                                    1,319,642            1,594,073
    After 2 years but less than 3 years                                                     492,037              688,155
    After 3 years                                                                           773,483              737,785

                                                                                         65,894,889           53,426,398


    The amounts due to CTC Group, associates and joint ventures of the group, associates and joint ventures of CTC
    Group, and other related parties (see note 46) are unsecured, interest-free and are expected to be settled within
    one year.


36. Lease Liabilities
                                                                                      31 December           31 December
                                                                                             2024                  2023
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000

    Lease liabilities payable:
    Within 1 year                                                                           454,967               487,758
    After 1 year but within 2 years                                                         305,874               381,651
    After 2 years but within 5 years                                                        400,074               465,345
    After 5 years                                                                           162,338               181,876

                                                                                          1,323,253             1,516,630
    Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown under
           current liabilities                                                              454,967               487,758

    Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
     non-current liabilities                                                                868,286             1,028,872


    The weighted average lessee’s incremental borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities is 3.6% (2023: 3.6%).
242     China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




37. Contract Liabilities
                                                                                                            31 December             31 December
                                                                                                                   2024                    2023
                                                                                                                RMB’000                 RMB’000

      Telecommunications infrastructure services                                                                    6,700,059           6,931,722
      Other services                                                                                                2,489,991           2,595,569

                                                                                                                    9,190,050           9,527,291


      When the group receives advance payments from customers before the performance obligation is satisfied, the
      amounts will give rise to contract liabilities, until the performance obligation is satisfied.

      The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised relates to carried-forward contract liabilities.

                                                                                          Telecommunications
                                                                                                infrastructure
                                                                                                      services                  Other services
                                                                                                     RMB’000                         RMB’000

      For the year ended 31 December 2024
      Revenue recognised that was included in the contract
        liability balance at the beginning of the year                                                    6,538,482                  2,458,926

      For the year ended 31 December 2023
      Revenue recognised that was included in the contract
        liability balance at the beginning of the year                                                    8,269,624                  2,194,728



38. Accrued Expenses and Other Payables
                                                                                                            31 December             31 December
                                                                                                                   2024                    2023
                                                                                                                RMB’000                 RMB’000

      Deposits received from subcontractors                                                                         2,559,838           3,054,962
      Wages and welfare payables                                                                                    1,648,393           1,585,103
      Output VAT payables                                                                                           1,335,552           1,436,712
      Other taxes payables                                                                                            897,915             784,310
      Amounts due to CTC Group, associates and joint ventures of the group,
        associates and joint ventures of CTC Group (note i)                                                           563,047             421,503
      Advance lease payments received                                                                                  35,740              33,043
      Dividend payables                                                                                                 4,761               5,866
      Payables for construction and purchase of property, plant and equipment                                           2,756               2,098
      Others (note (ii))                                                                                            4,372,955           4,318,407

                                                                                                                   11,420,957         11,642,004


      Notes:


      (i)      The amounts due to CTC Group, associates and joint ventures of the group, associates and joint ventures of CTC Group (see note 46) are
               unsecured, interest-free and are expected to be settled within one year.


      (ii)     The amounts mainly include payables to suppliers for purchases on behalf of CTC Group and others.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   243

                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2024




39. Other Non-current Liabilities
   Other non-current liabilities mainly represent the deferred income arising from government grants and termination
   benefits.


40. Share Capital
                                                                                             2024                2023
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000

   Registered, issued and fully paid:
   4,534,598,160 (31 December 2023: 4,534,598,160)
     domestic shares of RMB1.00 each                                                     4,534,598           4,534,598
   2,391,420,240 (31 December 2023: 2,391,420,240)
     H shares of RMB1.00 each                                                            2,391,420           2,391,420

                                                                                         6,926,018           6,926,018


                                                                                             2024                2023
                                                                                        Thousand             Thousand
                                                                                           shares               shares

   At 1 January and 31 December                                                          6,926,018           6,926,018


   All shareholders are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per
   share at meetings of the company. All shares rank equally in all material respects.


   (a) Capital management
        The group’s primary objectives of managing capital are to safeguard the group’s ability to continue as a
        going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders,
        by strengthening their leading position as an integrated service provider to the telecommunications industry
        and achieving economies of scale in the market.

        The group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain a balance between
        higher shareholder returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings, and the advantages and
        security afforded by a sound capital position, and makes adjustments to the capital structure in light of
        changes in economic conditions.

        The group monitors its capital using a gearing ratio which is defined as total debts divided by the sum of
        total debts and equity attributable to equity shareholders of the company. For this purpose, the group
        defines total debts as the sum of short-term interest-bearing borrowings and long-term interest-bearing
        borrowings. The group aims to maintain the gearing ratio at a reasonable level. The group’s ratio as at 31
        December 2024 was 1.5% (2023: 2.0%). In order to maintain or adjust the ratio, the group may adjust the
        amount of dividends to be paid to shareholders, issue new shares, return capital to shareholders or sell
        assets to reduce the gearing ratio.
244    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




41. Retirement Benefit Obligations
      In accordance with the labour regulations of the PRC, the group participates in various defined contribution
      retirement schemes organised by the municipal and provincial governments for its employees. The group is
      required to make contributions to the retirement schemes at rates ranging from 8% to 20% (2023: 8% to 20%) of
      the salaries, bonuses and certain allowances of the employees.

      The group has no other material obligations for the payment of pension benefits associated with these schemes
      beyond the annual contributions described above.


42. Share Appreciation Rights Scheme
      The group implemented a share appreciation rights scheme for members of its eligible employees to provide
      incentives to them. Under this plan, share appreciation rights are granted in units with each unit representing one
      H share. No shares will be issued under the share appreciation rights scheme. Upon exercise of the share
      appreciation rights, a recipient will receive, subject to any applicable withholding tax, a cash payment in RMB,
      translated from the Hong Kong dollars amount equal to the product of the number of share appreciation rights
      exercised and the difference between the exercise price and market price of the company’s H shares at the date
      of exercise based on the applicable exchange rate between RMB and Hong Kong dollars at the date of the
      exercise. The company recognises compensation expense of the share appreciation rights over the applicable
      vesting period.

      On 22 December 2021 (note (i)), the company’s remuneration Committee approved the granting of 207 million
      share appreciation right units to eligible employees. Under the terms of this grant, all share appreciation rights had
      a contractual life of 5 years from the date of grant and the exercise price is HKD3.68 per unit. Participants can only
      vest if certain performance standards are met.

      A recipient of share appreciation rights cannot exercise the rights in the first 24 months after the date of grant. As
      at each of the third, fourth and fifth anniversary of the date of grant, the total number of share appreciation rights
      exercisable cannot in aggregate exceed one-third, two-thirds and 100%, respectively, of the total share
      appreciation rights granted to such person.

      The fair value of the accretive rights was determined using the share price HKD4.56 per unit as at 31 December
      2024.

      As at 31 December 2024, the number of the first batch share appreciation rights was 63 million while the second
      batch and the third batch share appreciation rights were forfeited.

      For the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, no share appreciation right units were exercised.
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024     245

                                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2024




42. Share Appreciation Rights Scheme (continued)
   The expense recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year ended 31 December 2024 was
   RMB39,819 thousand (2023: RMB11,020 thousand).

   As at 31 December 2024, the carrying amount of the liability arising from share appreciation rights was
   RMB51,666 thousand (31 December 2023: RMB11,847 thousand).

   Note:


   (i)     The actual grant date of the share appreciation rights was 23 December 2022, because eligible employees signed an agreement with the
           company on this day. The actual granted number of share appreciation rights was 207,270 thousand.



43. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities
   (a) Capital commitments
           As at 31 December 2024, the group had capital commitments for acquisition and construction of property,
           plant and equipment and other non-current assets as follows:

                                                                                                                  2024                2023
                                                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000

           Contracted for but not provided                                                                      54,189              160,072


   (b) Contingent liabilities
           As at 31 December 2024, the group had no material contingent liabilities and no financial guarantees issued
           thousand (31 December 2023: Nil).


44. Financial Risk Management and Fair Values
   Exposure to credit, interest rate, liquidity and currency risks arises in the normal course of the group’s business.
   The group is also exposed to equity price risk arising from its equity investments in other entities.

   The group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices used by the group
   to manage these risks are described below.


   (a) Credit risk and impairment assessment
           The group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to accounts receivables and contract assets arising from
           contracts with customers and other receivables. Management has a credit policy in place and the exposure
           to credit risks is monitored on an ongoing basis. Normally, the group does not obtain collateral from
           customers.
246   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




44. Financial Risk Management and Fair Values (continued)
      (a) Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)
           The group’s major customers are CTC Group and CM Group. The group has a certain concentration of
           credit risk as the group’s major customers accounted for 53% of the total accounts and bills receivables as
           at 31 December 2024 (2023: 45%). The group has no significant credit risk with any of these customers
           since they are large state-owned companies in the telecommunications industry.

           The credit risk on bank deposits is limited because the counterparties are financial institutions with high
           credit rankings, mainly the four large state-owned banks in the PRC, China Telecom Finance and other
           reputable commercial banks.

           The amounts of cash and cash equivalents, short-term bank deposits and restricted cash, accounts and bills
           receivables, contract assets, other receivables and long-term receivables in the consolidated statement of
           financial position after deducting impairment allowance represent the group’s maximum exposure to the
           credit risk in relation to financial assets and contract assets.

           The group recognises a loss allowance for ECL on financial assets and contract assets. The amount of ECL
           is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition. Assessment is
           performed based on the group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the
           debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions as at the reporting
           date, as well as the forecasted future economic conditions.

           Accounts receivables and contract assets arising from contracts with customers
           The group applied the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measure ECL which uses a lifetime ECL for all accounts
           receivables and contract assets. To measure the ECL, accounts receivables and contract assets have been
           grouped together based on their shared credit risk characteristics.

           The contract assets relate to unbilled revenues due to the same group of customers reported as accounts
           receivables and have substantially the same risk characteristics as the accounts receivables for the same
           type of contracts. The group has therefore concluded that the expected loss rates for the accounts
           receivables are a reasonable approximation of the loss rates for the contract assets.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   247

                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2024




44. Financial Risk Management and Fair Values (continued)
   (a) Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)
       Accounts receivables and contract assets arising from contracts with customers (continued)
       The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk for accounts receivables which are
       assessed based on a provision matrix within lifetime ECL. Debtors with significant risk with gross carrying
       amounts of RMB1,030 million as at 31 December 2024 were assessed individually (31 December 2023:
       RMB1,008 million), the loss allowance provision was RMB958 million (31 December 2023: RMB794 million).

                                                         2024                                    2023

                                                           Gross         Loss                      Gross           Loss
                                          Expected       carrying   allowance     Expected       carrying     allowance
                                           loss rate     amount      provision     loss rate     amount        provision
                                                        RMB’000      RMB’000                    RMB’000       RMB’000

       Telecommunications operators
       Within 1 year                          0.2%     12,873,403     (25,747)       0.2%      10,502,131        (21,004)
       After 1 year but within 2 years        5.1%      1,639,953     (83,638)       5.6%       1,638,392        (91,750)
       After 2 years but within 3 years      15.4%        456,156     (70,248)      16.9%         405,847        (68,588)
       After 3 years but within 4 years      38.6%        166,876     (64,414)      40.6%         150,235        (60,995)
       After 4 years but within 5 years      66.5%         89,935     (59,807)      69.3%          67,610        (46,854)
       Over 5 years                         100.0%        178,899    (178,899)     100.0%         175,951      (175,951)

                                                       15,405,222    (482,753)                 12,940,166      (465,142)

       Non-telecom operators
       Within 1 year                          0.8%      7,207,464     (57,661)       0.6%       9,309,284        (55,856)
       After 1 year but within 2 years       20.5%      1,687,923    (346,024)      20.3%       1,437,201      (291,752)
       After 2 years but within 3 years      45.5%        602,339    (274,064)      45.2%         567,601      (256,556)
       After 3 years but within 4 years      72.9%        216,302    (157,684)      72.8%         159,499      (116,115)
       After 4 years but within 5 years      84.8%         82,607     (70,051)      84.6%          86,467        (73,151)
       Over 5 years                         100.0%        277,790    (277,790)     100.0%         260,510      (260,510)

                                                       10,074,425   (1,183,274)                11,820,562    (1,053,940)


       Expected loss rates were assessed based on actual loss experienced over the past 1 to 5 years. These rates
       had been adjusted to reflect differences between economic conditions during the period over which the
       historic data was collected, current conditions and the group’s view of economic conditions over the
       expected lives of the receivables balances.

       The group adjusted the macro factors and weights in ECL model by taking into account the changes of the
       macro environment.
248   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




44. Financial Risk Management and Fair Values (continued)
      (a) Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)
           Accounts receivables and contract assets arising from contracts with customers (continued)
           The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for accounts receivables
           under the simplified approach.

                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000

           As at 1 January                                                                    2,312,882           1,945,664
           Changes due to financial assets recognised during the year
            – Impairment loss recognised                                                         613,029            583,212
            – Impairment loss reversed                                                          (285,787)          (203,361)
            – Uncollectible amounts written off                                                  (15,840)            (12,633)

           As at 31 December                                                                  2,624,284           2,312,882


           The group writes off an accounts receivables when there is information indicating that the specific debtor is
           in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the debtor has been
           placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy process.

           The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for contract assets under
           the simplified approach.

                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000

           As at 1 January                                                                      312,493             283,469
           Changes due to financial assets recognised during the year
            – Impairment loss recognised                                                        265,059              71,647
            – Impairment loss reversed                                                          (51,670)            (42,623)
            – Uncollectible amounts written off                                                     (15)                  –

           As at 31 December                                                                    525,867             312,493


      (b) Interest rate risk
           The group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk primarily from its short-term and long-term borrowings
           carrying interests at fixed rates. The group manages its exposure to fair value interest rate risk by maintaining
           high proportion of fixed rate borrowings with maturity within one year. Details of the interest rates of interest-
           bearing borrowings are disclosed in note 34.

           The group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to short-term and long-term borrowings
           carrying interests at variable rates. The group manages its exposure to interest rate risk by closely monitoring
           the change in the market interest rates.

           The management of the group considers the fluctuation in interest rates on short-term and long-term
           borrowings carrying interests at variable rates is insignificant. Therefore, no sensitivity analysis is presented.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   249

                                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




44. Financial Risk Management and Fair Values (continued)
   (c) Liquidity risk
       Individual operating entities within the group are responsible for their own cash management, including the
       short-term investment of cash surpluses and the raising of loans to cover expected cash demands, subject
       to approval by the company’s board when the borrowings exceed certain predetermined levels of authority.
       The group’s policy is to regularly monitor its liquidity requirements, to ensure that it maintains sufficient
       reserves of cash and readily realisable marketable securities and adequate committed lines of funding from
       major financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer terms.

       The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period of the
       group’s non-derivative financial liabilities and lease liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted
       cash flows (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on interest
       rates at the end of the reporting period) and the earliest date the group would be required to repay:

                                                                           31 December 2024

                                                               Total             More than More than
                                                         contractual      Within 1 year but 2 years but
                                              Carrying undiscounted    1 year or     within      within More than
                                               amount      cash flow on demand      2 years     5 years   5 years
                                              RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000 RMB’000        RMB’000 RMB’000

       Short-term and the current portion of
         long-term interest-bearing
         borrowings (notes 34)                   706,249       711,131        711,131            –             –            –
       Accounts and bills payables (notes 35) 65,894,889    65,894,889     65,894,889            –             –            –
       Lease liabilities (notes 36)            1,323,253     1,441,863        508,222      338,963       429,253      165,425
       Accrued expenses and other payables 7,477,132         7,477,132      7,477,132            –             –            –

                                             75,401,523     75,525,014     74,591,373      338,963       429,253      165,425


                                                                           31 December 2023

                                                                   Total                 More than     More than
                                                             contractual        Within   1 year but   2 years but
                                                Carrying   undiscounted      1 year or       within        within   More than
                                                amount         cash flow   on demand        2 years       5 years     5 years
                                               RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000

       Short-term and the current portion of
         long-term interest-bearing
         borrowings (notes 34)                   807,499       818,257       818,257             –             –            –
       Long-term interest-bearing borrowings
         (notes 34)                               53,557        58,011              –       23,367        34,644            –
       Accounts and bills payables (notes 35) 53,426,398    53,426,398     53,426,398            –             –            –
       Lease liabilities (notes 36)            1,516,630     1,648,705        556,901      406,838       498,307      186,659
       Accrued expenses and other payables 7,752,156         7,752,156      7,752,156            –             –            –

                                             63,556,240     63,703,527     62,553,712      430,205       532,951      186,659
250   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




44. Financial Risk Management and Fair Values (continued)
      (d) Currency risk
           Foreign currency exchange rate risk arises on financial instruments that are denominated in a currency other
           than the functional currency in which they are measured. As at 31 December 2024, the group’s foreign
           currency risk exposure mainly relates to bank deposits and borrowings denominated primarily in USD, the
           aggregate net assets are RMB209 million. To manage the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations, the
           group continually assesses its exposure to foreign currency risks, and a portion of those risks is hedged by
           using derivative financial instruments, when management considers it necessary. The group does not expect
           the appreciation or depreciation of the RMB against foreign currency will materially affect the group’s
           financial position and result of operations. Therefore, no sensitivity analysis is presented.


      (e) Price risk
           The group is exposed to equity price changes arising from equity investments at FVTPL and designated as
           at FVTOCI.

           The group’s listed investments are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, Shenzhen Stock Exchange and
           National Equities Exchange and Quotations. Listed investments held in the investment portfolio have been
           chosen based on their longer term growth potentials and are monitored regularly for performance against
           expectations.

           At 31 December 2024, it is estimated that an increase/(decrease) of 5% (2023: 5%) in the relevant share
           price (for listed investments) as applicable, with all other variables held constant, would have increased/
           (decreased) the group’s other components of consolidated equity as follows:

                                                                   2024                            2023

                                                           Increase/         Effect on     Increase/         Effect on
                                                          (decrease)             other    (decrease)             other
                                                            in equity     components        in equity     components
                                                                price        of equity          price        of equity
                                                                             RMB’000                        RMB’000

           Changes in the relevant equity
            price risk variable:
            Increase                                             5%            169,570           5%            130,439
            Decrease                                            (5%)          (169,570)         (5%)          (130,439)


           The above sensitivity analysis indicates the instantaneous change in the group’s other components of
           consolidated equity that would result, assuming that the changes in the share price had occurred at the end
           of the reporting period and had been applied to remeasure those financial instruments held by the group
           which expose the group to equity price risk at the end of the reporting period.
                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024       251

                                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2024




44. Financial Risk Management and Fair Values (continued)
   (f)   Fair value
         (i)   Financial instruments carried at fair value on a recurring basis
               Some of the group’s financial instruments are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
               period.

                                                                                                        2024

                                                                          Level 1             Level 2             Level 3              Total
                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000

               Financial assets
               Financial assets at fair value
                 through other comprehensive income                     4,499,765                       –             1,053         4,500,818
               Financial assets at fair value
                 through profit or loss (note (i))                                  –                   –          385,070             385,070


                                                                                                        2023

                                                                          Level 1             Level 2             Level 3               Total
                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000

               Financial assets
               Financial assets at fair value
                 through other comprehensive income                     3,461,069                       –           12,511          3,473,580
               Financial assets at fair value
                 through profit or loss (note (i))                          10,429                      –          342,301             352,730


               Note:


               (i)     The invested entities in Level 3 were private companies. At the end of 31 December 2024, the group appointed an external
                       valuer to determine the fair value of the invested entity in Level 3 based on discounted cash flows. The future cash flows had
                       been estimated based on long-term revenue growth rates, taking into management’s experience and knowledge of market
                       conditions.
252    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




44. Financial Risk Management and Fair Values (continued)
      (f)   Fair value (continued)
            (ii)    Reconciliation of level 3 fair value measurement
                                                                                            Equity
                                                                                    instruments                       Equity
                                                                                     at fair value            instruments
                                                                                  through other                at fair value
                                                                                 comprehensive              through profit
                                                                                          income                     or loss
                                                                                        RMB’000                   RMB’000

                    As at 1 January 2024                                                    12,511                  342,301
                    Purchase                                                                     –                   14,540
                    Disposals/settlements                                                  (11,458)                    (500)
                    Total gains
                      – in profit or loss                                                         –                  28,729
                      – in other comprehensive income                                             –                       –

                    As at 31 December 2024                                                   1,053                  385,070


                                                                                              Equity
                                                                                      instruments                       Equity
                                                                                       at fair value            instruments
                                                                                    through other                at fair value
                                                                                   comprehensive              through profit
                                                                                            income                     or loss
                                                                                         RMB’000                   RMB’000

                    As at 1 January 2023                                                 2,940,723                  295,342
                    Purchases                                                                 1,053                   54,275
                    Disposals/settlements                                                    (4,702)                       –
                    Transferred to level 1                                              (3,389,425)                  (19,538)
                    Total gains
                      – in profit or loss                                                       –                    12,222
                      – in other comprehensive income                                     464,862                         –

                    As at 31 December 2023                                                  12,511                  342,301


            (iii)   Fair values of financial instruments carried at other than fair value
                    The fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortised cost are not materially
                    different from their carrying amounts, which are determined in accordance with generally accepted
                    pricing models based on discounted cash flow analysis.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   253

                                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2024




45. Significant Accounting Estimates and Judgements
   In addition to those disclosed in note 20, the estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a
   material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are addressed
   below.


   Provision of ECL for accounts receivables and contract assets
   Accounts receivables and contract assets with significant risk are assessed for ECL individually. In addition, the
   group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECL for the accounts receivables and contract assets by groupings of
   various debtors that have similar loss patterns. The provision matrix is based on the group’s historical loss rates,
   taking into consideration reasonable and supportable forward-looking information that is available without undue
   costs or efforts. At every reporting date, the historical loss rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-
   looking information are considered. The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The group has
   considered the uncertainty under different macroeconomics scenarios and the risk of increased credit default rates
   appropriately. The information about the ECL and the group’s accounts receivables and contract assets are
   disclosed in notes 44(a), 28 and 29 respectively.


46. Related Parties
   The group has undertaken significant transactions and maintained relationships with members of CTC Group, the
   material related party transactions are as below:


   (a) Transactions with CTC Group
        Because of the relationship between the group and CTC Group, the terms of these transactions were
        negotiated between the group with GTC Group.

        The principal transactions with CTC Group which were carried out in the ordinary course of business are as
        follows:

                                                                                             2024                2023
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000

        Engineering related services revenue (note (i))                                 23,185,139         20,743,062
        IT application services revenue (note (ii))                                      7,975,944          7,027,463
        Provision of ancillary telecommunications services revenue (note (iii))         19,396,021         18,222,068
        Provision of operation support services revenue (note (iv))                      4,910,827          4,703,200
        Supplies procurement services revenue (note (v))                                 3,475,218          3,506,856
        Property leasing services revenue (note (vi))                                      190,465            196,005
        Management fee income (note (vii))                                                 394,394            393,803
        Property leasing services charges (note (viii))                                    136,087             91,419
        IT application services charges (note (ix))                                        940,361          1,005,638
        Operation support services charges (note (x))                                      755,122            819,140
        Supplies procurement services charges (note (xi))                                3,510,253          3,707,388
        Interest expenses (note (xii))                                                      28,086             29,139
        Net deposits placed with China Telecom Finance (note (xiii))                      (365,224)           892,338
        Interest income of deposits placed with China Telecom Finance
           (note (xiv))                                                                    151,001               88,874
        Net lending funds (note (xv))                                                            –              (67,000)
        Interest income of lending funds (note (xvi))                                            –                2,158
254   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




46. Related Parties (continued)
      (a) Transactions with CTC Group (continued)
           Notes:


           (i)      The amount represents telecommunications infrastructure services such as design, construction and project management provided
                    to CTC Group.


           (ii)     The amount represents the telecommunications network support services, software and hardware development and other IT related
                    services provided to CTC Group.


           (iii)    The amount represents ancillary telecommunications services such as maintenance of network facilities (including optical ducts and
                    cables, exchange buildings and base stations), operation of distribution channels, fixed line and wireless value-added service,
                    internet contents and information services provided to CTC Group.


           (iv)     The amount represents the facilities management, advertising, conferencing services and certain repair and leasing of equipment
                    services provided to CTC Group.


           (v)      The amount represents supplies procurement service such as warehousing, transportation and installation and other related services
                    provided to CTC Group.


           (vi)     The amount represents rentals from operating leases in respect of business premises leased to CTC Group.


           (vii)    The amount represents management fee in respect of headquarters management function services (“Centralised Services”) provided
                    to CTC Group.


           (viii)   The amount represents rentals from short-term leases in respect of business premises paid and payable to CTC Group.


           (ix)     The amount represents the charge paid and payable to CTC Group for basic telecommunications service, value-added service and
                    information application service.


           (x)      The amount represents the charge paid and payable to CTC Group for logistics, labor resources, cultural, educational, hygiene and
                    other supporting services.


           (xi)     The amount represents the charge paid and payable to CTC Group for supplies procurement services, warehousing, transportation
                    and installation services.


           (xii)    The amount represents the interest paid and payable to CTC Group in respect of the loans and lease liabilities from CTC Group.


           (xiii)   The amount represents net deposit under deposit services provided by China Telecom Finance.


           (xiv)    The amount represents the interest income from deposit services provided by China Telecom Finance.


           (xv)     The amount represents the net lending of funds to CTC Group.


           (xvi)    The amount represents the interest income arising from lending funds to CTC Group.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   255

                                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2024




46. Related Parties (continued)
    (a) Transactions with CTC Group (continued)
        Amounts due from/to CTC Group included in respective balances are summarised as follows:

                                                                               31 December         31 December
                                                                                      2024                2023
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000

        Cash and cash equivalents                                                  4,003,248          4,439,472
        Short-term bank deposits and restricted cash                                  10,065              7,304
        Accounts and bills receivables, net                                       11,921,985          9,190,845
        Contract assets, net                                                      15,169,839         13,194,503
        Current portion of deposits at financial institutions with
          original maturity more than one year                                        232,036            995,055
        Prepayments and other current assets                                        2,310,214          2,299,125
        Deposits at financial institutions with original maturity
          more than one year                                                        3,484,891          2,614,243
        Other non-current assets                                                      349,900            214,189

        Total amounts due from CTC Group                                          37,482,178         32,954,736

        Accounts and bills payables                                                 1,315,148            622,558
        Contract liabilities                                                          668,971            505,848
        Accrued expenses and other payables                                           451,355            338,686
        Current portion of lease liabilities                                          173,789            174,492
        Lease liabilities                                                             530,101            524,870

        Total amounts due to CTC Group                                              3,139,364          2,166,454


        As at 31 December 2024, the group had recognised credit losses of RMB413 million (2023: RMB404 million)
        in respect of amounts due from CTC Group.

        For the year ended 31 December 2024, additional amount of RMB228 million of right-of-use assets had
        been recognised under new lease contracts entered into with CTC Group (2023: RMB145 million).

        The directors of the company are of the opinion that the above transactions with related parties were
        conducted on normal commercial terms in the ordinary course of business and the terms are reasonable so
        far as the shareholders of the company are concerned.
256   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




46. Related Parties (continued)
      (a) Transactions with CTC Group (continued)
           The terms of the principal agreements agreed with CTC impacting the results of operations of the group are
           summarised as follows:

           (1)    The group has entered into agreements with CTC pursuant to which the group provides CTC Group
                  with construction, design and project supervision and management for telecommunications
                  infrastructure projects. In addition, the group has entered into information technology service
                  agreements with CTC pursuant to which the group provides CTC Group with telecommunications
                  network support services, software and hardware development and other IT related services. The
                  amounts charged for these services are determined by reference to market rates as reflected in prices
                  obtained through tender processes.

           (2)    The group has entered into facilities leasing agreements with CTC pursuant to which the group leases
                  certain premises and other facilities to CTC Group, and vice versa. The rental charges are negotiated
                  based on market rates.

           (3)    The group has entered into operation support services agreements for facilities management,
                  advertising, conferencing, logistics, cultural, educational, hygiene and other community services with
                  CTC. In addition, the group has entered into ancillary services agreements with CTC. The ancillary
                  services provided to CTC Group include repairs and maintenance of telecommunications equipment
                  and facilities and provision of certain customer services. Pursuant to these agreements, the group
                  charges CTC Group, and vice versa, for these services in accordance with the following terms:

                  –     market price. In determining the market price, the group primarily considers the following factors:
                        (i) cost of services; (ii) prices of the same or similar type of services provided to CTC Group by
                        other service providers in the market; (iii) prices of the same or similar type of services provided
                        to CTC Group and independent third parties previously by the group.

                  –     in the absence of market price or where the market price cannot be determined, the price shall
                        be agreed between both parties, which shall be the aggregate amount of reasonable costs, the
                        relevant taxes in sales and reasonable profits. “Reasonable costs” means the costs confirmed by
                        both parties after negotiations, and “reasonable profit” means a profit ratio confirmed by both
                        parties during the course of normal commercial negotiation, taking into account factors such as
                        historical price, transaction size, average profit ratio within the relevant industry, supply and
                        demand, labor costs, local commodity prices and economic development levels.

           (4)    The group has entered into agreement with CTC pursuant to which the group takes up the role of
                  providing headquarter management functions to manage assets of the telecommunications support
                  businesses of provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions (“Centralised Services”). The
                  aggregate administrative costs incurred by the group for the provision of the Centralised Services are
                  apportioned pro rata between the group and CTC Group according to the net asset ratio of each of
                  the relevant parties.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   257

                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2024




46. Related Parties (continued)
    (a) Transactions with CTC Group (continued)
        (5)   The group has entered into Supplies Procurement Services Framework agreement for procurement of
              telecommunication and non-telecommunication supplies, provision of agency services of supplies
              procurement, sales of telecommunication supplies and management of biddings, verification of
              technical specifications, warehousing transportation and installation services. Pursuant to the
              agreement, the group charges CTC Group for these services in accordance with the following terms:

              –    maximum 1% of the contract value for procurement services on imported telecommunication
                   supplies;

              –    maximum 3% of the contract value for procurement services on domestic telecommunication
                   and non-telecommunication supplies and materials;

              –    market price. In determining the market price, the group primarily considers the following factors:
                   (i) cost of services; (ii) prices of the same or similar type of services provided to CTC Group or the
                   group by other service providers in the market; (iii) prices of the same or similar type of services
                   provided to CTC Group and independent third parties by the group, or prices of the same or
                   similar type of services provided to the group by CTC Group and independent third parties;

              –    in the absence of market price or where the market price cannot be determined, the price shall
                   be agreed between both parties, which shall be the aggregate amount of reasonable costs, the
                   taxes on sales and reasonable profits. “Reasonable costs” means the costs confirmed by both
                   parties after negotiations, and “reasonable profit” means a profit ratio confirmed by both parties
                   during the course of normal commercial negotiation, taking into account factors such as
                   historical price, transaction size, average profit ratio within the relevant industry, supply and
                   demand, labor costs, local commodity prices and economic development levels.

              The group and China Telecom Finance entered into the Financial Services Framework Agreement,
              pursuant to which China Telecom Finance has agreed to provide financial services to the group,
              including deposit services, loan services and other financial services.
258   China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




46. Related Parties (continued)
      (b) Transactions with associates and joint ventures of the group, associates
          and joint ventures of CTC Group, and other related parties
           The group has entered into transactions with associates and joint ventures of the group, associates and joint
           ventures of CTC Group, and other related parties can exercise significant influence. The transactions entered
           into by the group and above related parties are as follows:

                                                                                                                     2024                    2023
                                                                                                                  RMB’000                 RMB’000

           Engineering related service revenue (note (i))                                                         4,250,521              4,132,208
           IT application service revenue (note (ii))                                                               234,814                244,334
           Provision of ancillary telecommunications service revenue (note (iii))                                 1,850,052              1,805,949
           Provision of operation support service revenue (note (iv))                                               135,461                110,857
           Supplies procurement service revenue (note (v))                                                          204,053                202,292
           Property leasing service revenue (note (vi))                                                               5,598                  5,334
           Property leasing service charges (note (vii))                                                              1,612                 14,802
           IT application service charges (note (viii))                                                           1,406,822              1,998,645
           Operation support service charges (note (ix))                                                          3,090,542              3,509,544
           Supplies procurement service charges (note (x))                                                          358,539                150,269
           Interest expenses (note (xi))                                                                                  9                      –


           Notes:

           (i)      The amount represents telecommunications infrastructure services such as design, construction and project management provided
                    to associates and joint ventures of the group, associates and joint ventures of CTC Group.

           (ii)     The amount represents the telecommunications network support services, software and hardware development and other IT related
                    services provided to associates and joint ventures of the group, associates and joint venture of CTC Group, and other related
                    parties.

           (iii)    The amount represents ancillary telecommunications services such as maintenance of network facilities (including optical ducts and
                    cables, exchange buildings and base stations); operation of distribution channels; fixed line and wireless value-added services;
                    internet contents and information services provided to associates and joint ventures of the group, associates and joint ventures of
                    CTC Group.

           (iv)     The amount represents facilities management, advertising, conferencing services and certain repair and leasing of equipment
                    services provided to associates and joint ventures of the group, associates and joint ventures of CTC Group.

           (v)      The amount represents supplies procurement services such as warehousing, transportation and installation and other related
                    services provided to associates and joint ventures of the group, associates and joint venture of CTC Group.

           (vi)     The amount represents receivables from operating leases in respect of business premises entered into with associates and joint
                    ventures of the group, associates and joint ventures of CTC Group.

           (vii)    The amount represents rentals from short-term lease in respect of business premises paid and payable to associate and joint
                    ventures of the group, associates and joint ventures of CTC Group.

           (viii)   The amount represents charges paid and payable to associates and joint ventures of the group, associates and joint venture of CTC
                    Group, and other related parties for basic telecommunications services, value-added services and information application services.

           (ix)     The amount represents charges paid and payable to associates and joint ventures of the group, associates and joint venture of CTC
                    Group for logistics, labour resources, cultural, educational, hygiene and other supporting services.

           (x)      The amount represents the charge paid and payable to associates and joint ventures of the group, associates and joint venture of
                    CTC Group, and other related parties for supplies procurement services, warehousing, transportation and installation services.

           (xi)     The amount represents interest paid and payable to associates and joint ventures of CTC Group in respect of lease liabilities from
                    associates and joint ventures of CTC Group.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   259

                                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2024




46. Related Parties (continued)
    (b) Transactions with associates and joint ventures of the group, associates
        and joint ventures of CTC Group, and other related parties (continued)
        Amounts due from/to associates and joint ventures of the group, associates and joint ventures of CTC
        Group, and other related parties included in respective account balances are summarised as follows:

                                                                                     31 December          31 December
                                                                                            2024                 2023
                                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000

        Accounts and bills receivables, net                                                 644,618             423,773
        Contract assets, net                                                                664,640             393,375
        Prepayments and other current assets                                              1,286,523           1,376,449

        Total                                                                             2,595,781           2,193,597

        Accounts and bills payables                                                       3,091,262           2,302,545
        Contract liabilities                                                                219,777             373,369
        Lease liabilities                                                                       210                   –
        Current portion of lease liabilities                                                     79                   –
        Accrued expenses and other payables                                                 111,692              82,817

        Total                                                                             3,423,020           2,758,731


        The directors of the company are of the opinion that the above transactions undertaken with related parties
        were conducted on normal commercial terms in the ordinary course of business.


    (c) Transactions with other government-related entities in the PRC
        The company is a state-controlled enterprise and operates in an economic regime currently dominated by
        entities directly or indirectly controlled by the PRC through government authorities, agencies, affiliations and
        other organisations (collectively referred to as “government-related entities”).

        Apart from transactions with parent company and its affiliates (note 46(a)), the group has collectively, but not
        individually significant transactions with other government-related entities, which include but are not limited
        to the following:

        –       Rendering and receiving services, including but not limited to telecommunications services

        –       Sales and purchases of goods, properties and other assets

        –       Leasing of assets

        –       Depositing and borrowing money

        –       Use of public utilities
260    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




46. Related Parties (continued)
      (c) Transactions with other government-related entities in the PRC (continued)
            These transactions are conducted in the ordinary course of the group’s business on terms comparable to
            the terms of transactions with other entities that are not government-related. The group prices its
            telecommunications services rendered and products sold based on government-regulated tariff rates, where
            applicable, or based on commercial negotiations. The group has also established its procurement policies
            and approval processes for purchases of products and services, which do not depend on whether the
            counterparties are government-related entities or not.

            The directors of the company believe the above information provides meaningful disclosure of related party
            transactions.


      (d) Transactions with key management personnel
            Remuneration for key management personnel, including amounts paid to the company’s directors and
            supervisors as disclosed in note 13 and certain of the highest paid employees as disclosed in note 14, is as
            follows:

                                                                                               2024               2023
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000

            Salaries and other emoluments                                                       7,685             7,239
            Share appreciation rights                                                            (887)              826
            Retirement benefits                                                                 3,339             3,051
            Discretionary bonuses                                                              20,516            17,682

                                                                                               30,653            28,798


      (e) Applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions
            The related party transactions with CTC Group disclosed in note 46(a) above constitute continuing
            connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


47. Segment Reporting
      The group principally has one operating segment, which is the provision of integrated comprehensive smart
      solutions in the field of informatisation and digitalisation. Therefore, no additional segment information has been
      presented. Additional information about major customers and geographical areas of the group has been disclosed
      in note 4.
                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2024        261

                                                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2024




48. Subsidiaries
   The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries at 31 December 2024 which principally affected the
   results of operations, assets or liabilities of the group.

                                                     Place of           Proportion of ownership
                                     Type of         incorporation/    interest and voting rights      Issued and
   Name of company                   legal entity    establishment       held by the company           paid up capital   Principal activities
                                                                      31 December      31 December
                                                                              2024            2023
                                                                           Directly         Directly
                                                                                %                %

   Guangdong Communications          Limited Liability The PRC                 100              100    RMB2,688 million Provision of integrated
    Services Company Limited           Company                                                                             telecommunications support services
                                                                                                                          through its subsidiaries in Guangdong
                                                                                                                          Province

   Zhejiang Communications Services Limited Liability The PRC                  100              100    RMB998 million    Provision of integrated
     Holdings Group Company Limited Company                                                                                 telecommunications support services
                                                                                                                           through its subsidiaries in Zhejiang
                                                                                                                           Province

   Shanghai Communications Services Limited Liability The PRC                  100              100    RMB1,376 million Provision of integrated
     Company Limited                  Company                                                                              telecommunications support services
                                                                                                                          through its subsidiaries in Shanghai
                                                                                                                          Municipality

   Fujian Communications Services    Limited Liability The PRC                 100              100    RMB281 million    Provision of integrated
     Company Limited                   Company                                                                              telecommunications support services
                                                                                                                           through its subsidiaries in Fujian
                                                                                                                           Province

   Hubei Communications Services     Limited Liability The PRC                 100              100    RMB317 million    Provision of integrated
    Company Limited                    Company                                                                              telecommunications support services
                                                                                                                           through its subsidiaries in Hubei
                                                                                                                           Province

   Jiangsu Communications Services   Limited Liability The PRC                 100              100    RMB578 million    Provision of integrated
      Company Limited                  Company                                                                              telecommunications support services
                                                                                                                           through its subsidiaries in Jiangsu
                                                                                                                           Province

   Anhui Communications Services     Limited Liability The PRC                 100              100    RMB420 million    Provision of integrated
     Company Limited                   Company                                                                              telecommunications support services
                                                                                                                           through its subsidiaries in Anhui
                                                                                                                           Province

   Jiangxi Communications Services   Limited Liability The PRC                 100              100    RMB200 million    Provision of integrated
      Company Limited                  Company                                                                              telecommunications support services
                                                                                                                           through its subsidiaries in Jiangxi
                                                                                                                           Province

   Hunan Communications Services     Limited Liability The PRC                 100              100    RMB886 million    Provision of integrated
    Company Limited                    Company                                                                              telecommunications support services
                                                                                                                           through its subsidiaries in Hunan
                                                                                                                           Province

   Guangxi Communications Services   Limited Liability The PRC                 100              100    RMB192 million    Provision of integrated
    Company Limited                    Company                                                                              telecommunications support services
                                                                                                                           through its subsidiaries in Guangxi
                                                                                                                           Zhuang Autonomous Region
262    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




48. Subsidiaries (continued)
                                                         Place of           Proportion of ownership
                                         Type of         incorporation/    interest and voting rights      Issued and
      Name of company                    legal entity    establishment       held by the company           paid up capital    Principal activities
                                                                          31 December      31 December
                                                                                  2024            2023
                                                                               Directly         Directly
                                                                                    %                %

      Chongqing Communications           Limited Liability The PRC                 100              100    RMB209 million     Provision of integrated
       Services                            Company                                                                               telecommunications support services
       Company Limited                                                                                                          through its subsidiaries in Chongqing
                                                                                                                                Municipality

      Sichuan Communications Services    Limited Liability The PRC                 100              100    RMB798 million     Provision of integrated
        Company Limited                    Company                                                                               telecommunications support services
                                                                                                                                through its subsidiaries in Sichuan
                                                                                                                                Province

      Guizhou Communications Services    Limited Liability The PRC                 100              100    RMB131 million     Provision of integrated
       Company Limited                     Company                                                                               telecommunications support services
                                                                                                                                through its subsidiaries in Guizhou
                                                                                                                                Province

      Yunnan Communications Services     Limited Liability The PRC                 100              100    RMB238 million     Provision of integrated
        Company Limited                    Company                                                                               telecommunications support services
                                                                                                                                through its subsidiaries in Yunnan
                                                                                                                                Province

      Shaanxi Communications Services    Limited Liability The PRC                 100              100    RMB145 million     Provision of integrated
        Company Limited                    Company                                                                               telecommunications support services
                                                                                                                                through its subsidiaries in Shaanxi
                                                                                                                                Province

      Gansu Communications Services      Limited Liability The PRC                 100              100    RMB129 million     Provision of integrated
       Company Limited                     Company                                                                               telecommunications support services
                                                                                                                                through its subsidiaries in Gansu
                                                                                                                                Province

      Qinghai Communications Services    Limited Liability The PRC                 100              100    RMB68 million      Provision of integrated
        Company Limited                    Company                                                                               telecommunications support services
                                                                                                                                through its subsidiaries in Qinghai
                                                                                                                                Province

      Xinjiang Communications Services   Limited Liability The PRC                 100              100    RMB195 million     Provision of integrated
        Company Limited                    Company                                                                               telecommunications support services
                                                                                                                                through its subsidiaries in Xinjiang
                                                                                                                                Uygur Autonomous Region

      China International             Limited Liability The PRC                    100              100    RMB550 million     Provision of integrated
       Telecommunication Construction   Company                                                                                  telecommunications support services
       Corporation                                                                                                              through its subsidiaries in Northern
                                                                                                                                China Provinces

      China Communications Services      Limited Liability Hong Kong               100              100    HKD846.87 million Provision of integrated
       International Limited               Company                                                                              telecommunications support services
                                                                                                                               through its subsidiaries in Hong Kong
                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024           263

                                                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2024




48. Subsidiaries (continued)
                                                        Place of           Proportion of ownership
                                        Type of         incorporation/    interest and voting rights        Issued and
    Name of company                     legal entity    establishment       held by the company             paid up capital   Principal activities
                                                                         31 December      31 December
                                                                                 2024            2023
                                                                              Directly         Directly
                                                                                   %                %

    Zhongshutong Information Co., Ltd. Limited Liability The PRC                60.38            60.38      RMB120 million    Provision of integrated
                                         Company                                                                                 telecommunications support services

    China Comservice Software Tech.     Limited Liability The PRC                  60                  60   USD25 million     Provision of integrated
     Co., Ltd                             Company                                                                                telecommunications support services

    Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region       Limited Liability The PRC                 100              100      RMB106 million    Provision of integrated
      Communications Industrial           Company                                                                                telecommunications support services
      Services Company Limited                                                                                                  through its subsidiaries in Ningxia Hui
                                                                                                                                Autonomous Region

    Shandong Communications             Limited Liability The PRC                 100              100      RMB100 million    Provision of integrated
      Services Company Limited            Company                                                                                telecommunications support services
                                                                                                                                in Shandong Province

    Sino-British Submarine System       Limited Liability The PRC                 100              100      RMB327 million    Provision of submarine cable installation
      Co., Ltd.                           Company                                                                               and other related services

    Hainan Communications Services      Limited Liability The PRC                 100              100      RMB141 million    Provision of integrated
     Company Limited                      Company                                                                                telecommunications support services
                                                                                                                                through its subsidiaries in Hainan
                                                                                                                                Province

    China Comservice Supply Chain       Limited Liability The PRC               73.99            73.99      RMB1,256 million Provision of integrated
     Company Limited                      Company                                                                               telecommunications support services

    Inner Mongolia Autonomous       Limited Liability The PRC                     100              100      RMB10 million     Provision of integrated
      Region Communications Services Company                                                                                     telecommunications support services
      Company Limited                                                                                                           in Inner Mongolia Autonomous
                                                                                                                                Region

    Comservice Capital Holding          Limited Liability The PRC                 100              100      RMB500 million    Management of Group capital
     Company Limited                      Company

    China Comservice Smart Property     Limited Liability The PRC                 100              100      RMB50 million     Provision of property services
     Development Co., Ltd.                Company

    Comservice Intelligent Technology   Limited Liability The PRC                 100              100      –                 Provision of integrated
     Co., Ltd.                            Company                                                                                telecommunications support services
264     China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




49. Statement of Financial Position and Reserves of the Company
                                                                                                               31 December              31 December
                                                                                                                      2024                     2023
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                  RMB’000

      Non-current assets
       Property, plant and equipment, net                                                                           1,262,711              1,390,340
       Investment properties                                                                                        1,631,572              1,618,985
       Construction in progress                                                                                         6,447                  8,539
       Intangible assets                                                                                               51,595                 69,081
       Investments in subsidiaries                                                                                 14,695,834             14,695,834
       Interests in associates and joint ventures                                                                     899,640                851,025
       Deposits at financial institutions with original maturity more than one year                                11,142,511              4,581,609

      Total non-current assets                                                                                     29,690,310             23,215,413

      Current assets
       Inventories                                                                                                          307                    309
       Accounts and bills receivables, net                                                                               43,564                 50,467
       Current portion of deposits at financial institutions with original maturity
         more than one year                                                                                         3,281,692              2,251,999
       Prepayments and other current assets                                                                         2,223,458              2,002,764
       Short-term bank deposits and restricted cash                                                                    24,432                374,781
       Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                   12,044,756             14,875,868

      Total current assets                                                                                         17,618,209             19,556,188

      Total assets                                                                                                 47,308,519             42,771,601

      Current liabilities
       Contract liabilities                                                                                               481                    481
       Accrued expenses and other payables                                                                         27,422,175             23,440,284
       Income tax payable                                                                                               2,512                  1,530

      Total current liabilities                                                                                    27,425,168             23,442,295

      Net current assets (note (i))                                                                                 (9,806,959)            (3,886,107)

      Total assets less current liabilities                                                                        19,883,351             19,329,306

      Total liabilities                                                                                            27,425,168             23,442,295

      Equity
       Share capital                                                                                                6,926,018              6,926,018
       Reserves                                                                                                    12,957,333             12,403,288

      Total equity                                                                                                 19,883,351             19,329,306

      Total liabilities and equity                                                                                 47,308,519             42,771,601


      Note:


      (i)     The current assets of the company were less than the current liabilities as at 31 December, 2024. The current liabilities of RMB27,363
              million were debts arising from amounts due to the subsidiaries of the group, the company will be able to decide the repayment plans at its
              own discretion to enable the company to meet the liabilities as they fall due and carry on the business without a significant curtailment of
              operations.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   265

                                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2024




49. Statement of Financial Position and Reserves of the Company (continued)
   The movements of equity of the company are as follows:

                                                                                    Statutory
                                                Share       Share      Capital       Surplus      Retained
                                               capital   premium       reserve        reserve     earnings        Total
                                            RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000
                                             (note 40)

   At 1 January 2023                        6,926,018    4,529,310    1,966,293    1,860,249      3,620,175 18,902,045
   Profit for the year                              –            –            –            –      1,770,216 1,770,216
   Distribution of dividends (note 15(b))           –            –            –            –     (1,342,955) (1,342,955)
   Appropriation                                    –            –            –      177,022       (177,022)          –

   At 31 December 2023                      6,926,018    4,529,310    1,966,293    2,037,271     3,870,414 19,329,306

   Profit for the year                              –            –             –           –     2,059,761 2,059,761
   Distribution of dividends (note 15(b))           –            –             –           –    (1,505,716) (1,505,716)
   Appropriation                                    –            –             –     205,976      (205,976)          –

   At 31 December 2024                      6,926,018    4,529,310    1,966,293    2,243,247     4,218,483 19,883,351


   According to the company’s Articles of Association, the amount of retained earnings available for distribution to
   equity shareholders of the company is the lower of the amount determined in accordance with the PRC
   Accounting Rules and Regulations and the amount determined in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards
   after the appropriation made to statutory surplus reserve as detailed in notes to the consolidated statement of
   changes in equity.


50. Possible Impact of Amendments to Standards and New Standards Issued
    But Not Yet Effective for the Annual Accounting Year Ended 31 December
    2024
   Up to the date of issue of these consolidated financial statements, the IASB has issued the following amendments
   to standards and new standards which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2024 and which
   have not been adopted in these consolidated financial statements. These developments include the following
   which may be relevant to the group.

                                                                                                             Effective for
                                                                                                              accounting
                                                                                                       periods beginning
                                                                                                               on or after

   Amendments to IAS 21, The effects of changes in foreign exchange rates: Lack of                         1 January 2025
    exchangeability
   Amendments to IFRS 9, Financial instruments and IFRS 7, Financial instruments: disclosures              1 January 2026
    – Amendments to the classification and measurement of financial instruments
   Annual improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11                                            1 January 2026

   IFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements                                            1 January 2027


   The group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is expected to be
   in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant
   impact on the consolidated financial statements.
266    China Communications Services Corporation Limited



NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2024




51. Reconciliation of Liabilities Arising from Financing Activities
      The table below includes changes in the group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and
      non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash
      flows will be, classified in the group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                  As at                                  Foreign                    As at
                                              1 January                 Financing      exchange        Lease 31 December
                                                   2024    Accruals    cash flows     translation    modified       2024
                                               RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000

      Interest-bearing borrowings, net
         (note 34)                               861,056           –     (134,752)       (20,055)           –        706,249
      Dividends payable                           25,166   1,565,185   (1,572,562)         3,971            –         21,760
      Lease liabilities (note 36)              1,516,630     587,272     (634,472)             –     (146,177)     1,323,253

                                               2,402,852   2,152,457   (2,341,786)       (16,084)    (146,177)     2,051,262


                                                   As at                                  Foreign                       As at
                                               1 January                 Financing      exchange       Lease     31 December
                                                   2023     Accruals    cash flows     translation    modified          2023
                                               RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000

      Interest-bearing borrowings, net
         (note 34)                               881,121           –       (13,926)        (6,139)          –        861,056
      Dividends payable                           26,456   1,395,795   (1,405,251)          8,166           –         25,166
      Lease liabilities (note 36)              1,580,115     721,914     (613,206)              –    (172,193)     1,516,630

                                               2,487,692   2,117,709   (2,032,383)         2,027     (172,193)     2,402,852
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   267


                                                                                    FINANCIAL SUMMARY
                                                                                    (Amounts in thousands, except per share data)




                                                           2024           2023            2022            2021              2020
                                                           RMB            RMB             RMB             RMB               RMB
                                                                                     (Restated)      (Restated)        (Restated)


Results

Revenue from telecommunications
  infrastructure services                            75,172,237      76,136,756      72,906,517      71,889,248      67,164,571
Revenue from business process
  outsourcing services                               43,459,018      43,550,614      43,073,150      40,623,948      37,277,681
Revenue from applications, content and
  other services                                     31,368,848      28,927,306      24,767,902      21,479,245      18,208,529


Total Revenues                                      150,000,103     148,614,676     140,747,569     133,992,441     122,650,781

Depreciation and amortisation                         (1,025,761)     (1,017,154)       (961,218)       (908,525)       (827,536)
Direct personnel costs                                (8,208,384)     (8,644,005)     (8,558,400)     (8,805,077)     (8,300,760)
Materials costs                                      (25,579,237)   (24,670,341)    (21,657,339)    (19,166,225)    (15,057,234)
Direct costs of products distribution                 (2,815,082)     (3,517,360)     (4,065,197)     (4,614,143)     (4,067,599)
Subcontracting charges                               (80,405,717)   (80,233,245)    (76,546,469)    (71,239,853)    (67,166,028)
Lease charges and others                             (14,369,701)   (13,275,321)    (12,977,295)    (14,473,844)    (13,492,874)


Cost of revenues                                    (132,403,882) (131,357,426) (124,765,918) (119,207,667) (108,912,031)


Gross profit                                         17,596,221      17,257,250      15,981,651      14,784,774      13,738,750

Other income                                           1,712,204      1,932,223       1,954,316       1,946,411       1,687,801
Selling, general and administrative expenses         (15,054,014)   (14,913,046)    (13,959,926)    (12,952,506)    (11,827,203)
Other expenses                                          (187,212)      (169,549)       (140,958)       (214,032)       (216,876)
Finance costs                                           (105,515)      (113,734)         (91,046)        (78,624)        (63,482)
Share of profits of associates and joint ventures        149,149        116,338           92,747          91,923        168,928


Profit before tax                                     4,110,833       4,109,482       3,836,784       3,577,946       3,487,918
Income tax                                             (357,436)       (377,805)       (356,097)       (392,673)       (398,278)


Profit for the year                                   3,753,397       3,731,677       3,480,687       3,185,273       3,089,640


Attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company                    3,606,861       3,584,391       3,359,555       3,156,946       3,081,795
Non-controlling interests                               146,536         147,286         121,132          28,327           7,845


Profit for the year                                   3,753,397       3,731,677       3,480,687       3,185,273       3,089,640
Basic/diluted earnings per share (RMB)                    0.521           0.518           0.485           0.456           0.445
268     China Communications Services Corporation Limited



FINANCIAL SUMMARY
(Amounts in thousands, except per share data)




                                                            2024         2023           2022          2021          2020
                                                            RMB          RMB            RMB           RMB           RMB
                                                                                   (Restated)    (Restated)    (Restated)


Financial position

Property, plant and equipment, net                      5,910,252     6,082,260     6,269,961     6,213,472    4,331,391
Right-of-use assets                                     2,020,473     2,245,135     2,402,559     2,422,952    2,046,005
Equity instruments at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                           4,500,818     3,473,580     3,336,403     3,672,472    4,362,469
Deposits at financial institutions with original
   maturity more than one year                         12,170,901     5,888,447     7,651,866     2,563,841      200,000
Other non-current assets                                7,342,147     7,147,332     6,404,580     5,881,290    7,288,295
Inventories                                             1,183,231     1,196,945     1,367,311     1,492,011    1,676,943
Accounts and bills receivable, net                     25,296,205    23,921,258    20,310,265    18,254,550   18,208,593
Contract assets, net                                   37,767,809    28,584,146    25,268,821    21,534,745   19,786,576
Current portion of deposits at financial
   institutions with original maturity more
   than one year                                        3,603,728     3,498,709       221,188             –            –
Prepayments and other current assets                   14,486,725    13,668,864    12,717,632    11,102,020    9,618,532
Financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss                                              —         10,429        61,556     3,364,554    3,098,634
Cash and cash equivalents                              19,638,036    22,914,865    22,087,661    21,172,860   21,010,586
Short-term bank deposits and restricted cash            2,697,251     3,157,780     2,168,795     2,357,234    2,865,265


Total assets                                         136,617,576    121,789,750   110,268,598   100,032,001   94,493,289


Interest-bearing borrowings                               706,249       807,499       752,001       723,024      704,401
Accounts and bills payable                             65,894,889    53,426,398    44,611,295    36,319,980   33,363,786
Current portion of lease liabilities                      454,967       487,758       513,223       490,859      400,627
Contract liabilities                                    9,190,050     9,527,291    10,867,975    11,449,171   10,977,645
Accrued expenses and other payables                    11,420,957    11,642,004     9,500,858     9,093,109    9,501,926
Income tax payable                                        287,567       354,095       351,105       239,624      282,597
Non-current liabilities                                 2,049,745     1,877,004     2,048,216     2,106,296    2,074,929


Total liabilities                                      90,004,424    78,122,049    68,644,673    60,422,063   57,305,911


Equity attributable to equity
  shareholders of the Company                          45,435,871    42,576,759    40,360,637    38,407,032   36,718,088
Non-controlling interests                               1,177,281     1,090,942     1,263,288     1,202,906      469,290


Total equity                                           46,613,152    43,667,701    41,623,925    39,609,938   37,187,378


Total liabilities and equity                         136,617,576    121,789,750   110,268,598   100,032,001   94,493,289
WWW.CHINACCS.COM.HK
