Your
Heartland

HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018
Contents

6    2018 Performance Highlights

8    Our Business

10   From the Chair

14   Chief Executive Officer’s Report

20   The Heartland Mobile App

21   Reverse Mortgages

22   Our Board of Directors

24   Our Strategic Management Group

26   How We Create Value

28   Corporate Social Responsibility Framework Overview
     30 Our People
     32 Our Community
     34 Our Customers
     36 Our Shareholders
     37 Our Operations

38   Financial Commentary

40   Summary Financials

42   Corporate Directory
People




often think
the word heartland
relates to a place.




                 HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018   1
2   HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018   Your Heartland
We
think

it’s a whakaaro
(a state of mind).


Your heartland isn’t
about geography,
it’s about knowing
what matters most
to you and what you
need to succeed.




                     HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018   3
4   HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018   Your Heartland
At Heartland Bank,


we tautoko (champion)
the people and the
industries who are the real
heart of New Zealand.



We innovate and execute
at speed, providing our
customers with access to
opportunities that make
a real difference to them.




                     HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018   5
    2018 Performance
    Highlights




    STRONG GROWTH
    ACROSS
    THE BUSINESS
    Growth in net finance receivables
    of 12% to $4.0 billion.




                 12
                                                                       Net Finance Receivables ($m)

                                   %                                   5,000

                                                                       4,500
                                                                       4,000                                                       3,985
                                                                                                                          3,546    656
                                                                       3,500
                                                                                                           3,099          675
                                                                       3,000                  2,846
                                                                                2,592                       552                    1,066
                                                                       2,500                   488
                                                                                 410                                      995
                                                                       2,000                                899
                                                                                 683           794
                                                                       1,500

                                                                       1,000                                                       2,263
                                                                                1,499         1,564        1,648          1,876
                                                                        500

                                                                          0
                                                                                2014          2015         2016           2017     2018
                                                                                               Household      Business     Rural




                                                                       DELIVERING
                                                                       SHAREHOLDER VALUE



                                                                                        174
                                                                       Total shareholder return of 174% for
                                                                       the five years ending 30 June 2018.1
                                                                                                                          %


                                                                       1. Total shareholder return means share price
                                                                          appreciation plus dividends received. TSR has
                                                                          been calculated including the benefit of
                                                                          imputation credits.




6    HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018   2018 Performance Highlights
  PROFITABILITY CONTINUES
  TO INCREASE
  Net profit after tax of $67.5m, an increase
  of 11% from FY2017.




                  11                %           Net Profit After Tax ($m)

                                                80.0

                                                70.0

                                                60.0
                                                                                   54.2
                                                                                               60.8
                                                                                                      67.5



                                                50.0               48.2
                                                                                                      36.4
                                                                                               31.7
                                                40.0                               28.6
                                                        36.0
                                                                   24.7
                                                30.0
                                                       19.3
                                                20.0
                                                                                               29.1   31.1
                                                10.0               23.5            25.6
                                                        16.7
                                                 0.0
                                                        2014       2015            2016        2017   2018

                                                                              H1          H2




                                                BBB
                                                Heartland Bank credit rating (Fitch Rating)
                                                Outlook Stable Investment Grade




                                                11.1
                                                Return on Equity
                                                                 %




                                                13             CENTS PER SHARE

                                                Earnings per share




                                                5.5             CENTS PER SHARE

                                                Final dividend declared
NET INTEREST MARGIN
OF 4.42% - THE HIGHEST
AMONGST OUR
BANKING PEERS2                                  9.0             CENTS PER SHARE




4.42
                                                Total dividend for the year
                                   %

2. KPMG FIPS Report March 2018 and RBNZ
   Financial Strength Dashboard.




                                                                            HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018   7
    Our Business



                                                          Business Finance
                                                          Net finance receivables up 7%

                                                          Working capital and plant and
                                                          equipment finance distributed
                                                          through Heartland’s relationship
                                                          managers, partners and
                                                                                                       7%
                                                          intermediaries.

                                                          Finance for small-to-medium
                                                          sized businesses available online
                                                          including through Heartland’s digital             1,066M
                                                                                                            $
                                                          platform, Open for Business.

                                                                                                                         SS
                                                                                                                        E
                                                                                                                BUS
                                                                                                                   IN$
                                                                                                                        4.
                                                                                                                RU
                                                                                                                        NET FINANCE




                                              Rural Finance
                                                                                                                  R  AL
                                              Net finance receivables down 3%
                                                                                                       $
                                                                                                        656M
                                              Rural loans and livestock finance
                                              distributed through Heartland’s
                                              relationship managers and
                                              alliance partners.                                  3%
                                              Online applications for livestock
                                              finance available through Heartland’s
                                              digital platform, Open for Livestock.




    Note: These figures exclude $26m of residential mortgage lending.




8     HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018                     Our Business
                            Reverse Mortgages
                            New Zealand                                 Australia
                            Net finance receivables $453m,              Net finance receivables $677m,
                            up 12%                                      up 31%

                            Primarily distributed through our           Distributed through brokers and our
                            Heartland Seniors Finance sales             Heartland Seniors Finance sales team
                            team in New Zealand.                        in Australia.




                                           23%


                   $
                    1,130M




0B            E H OLD                                           Harmoney and other
                                                                consumer lending
RECEIVABLES

              US        152M
                        $
                                                                Net finance receivables up 61%

                                                                Distributed through intermediary



           HO
                                                                partners and brokers.
                                                     61%
                                                                Our partnership with Harmoney
                                                                enables Heartland to
                                                                lend through Harmoney’s
                                                                online platform for personal loans.



       $
        955M
                            Motor Vehicle Finance
                            Net finance receivables up 16%

                 16%        Distributed through our motor
                            vehicle dealer network to enable
                            customers to access finance at
                            the point of sale.

                            Available online through Heartland’s
                            digital platform for car loans.



                                                                                HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018   9
      “Heartland has
        continued to align its
        business operations
        with its strategy to
        increase customer
        reach through online
        channels and growing
        its intermediary,
        partner and
        referrer network.”

10   HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018   From the Chair
From the Chair




On behalf of the Board, it is my pleasure to report on                            outstanding contribution of Heartland and its staff to improving the
another successful year for Heartland. The company                                lives of older people in the community. AgeConnect is an initiative
delivered a net profit after tax of $67.5 million which                           set up by Age Concern to improve the lives of older people
                                                                                  and reduce the rates of loneliness and isolation in the Nelson-
represents a 11% growth in profitability. Heartland has
                                                                                  Tasman region.
continued to align its business operations with its
strategy to increase customer reach through online                                We are also proud to create better opportunities for small business
                                                                                  owners in New Zealand, recognising that these businesses form a
channels and grow its intermediary, partner and referrer
                                                                                  critical part of our economy. Through our digital platform, Open
network. This strategy is delivering results for Heartland,
                                                                                  for Business, we have helped many New Zealanders buy into new
our shareholders, our customers and the communities in                            franchise businesses, purchase machinery and plant and equipment.
which we operate.                                                                 This helps our customers sustain and grow their business and
                                                                                  provide working capital for these businesses to assist with the peaks
Social impact of our operations                                                   and troughs of running a small business.
Our conduct
Part of striving for excellence is that we are acutely aware of our               Contributing to our communities
conduct and the impact it has on our customers. We must                           At Heartland, we recognise we are in a privileged position to create
constantly check that what we do every day aligns to our values                   a positive social impact. One of the ways in which we do this is by
of integrity, respect and professionalism, and the community’s                    giving back to our communities through a range of sponsorships
expectations. The Australian Royal Commission into misconduct in                  from Heartland Bank, and through the support the bank gives to
the banking and financial services industry is on-going at the time of            the Heartland Trust1 to enable it to make grants.
writing this report and regulators in New Zealand are reviewing the
                                                                                  This year, the Heartland Trust continued to support the InZone
conduct and culture of New Zealand banks and insurance providers
                                                                                  Education Foundation. The Foundation aims to enhance the
as a result.
                                                                                  educational outcomes of Māori and Pasifika youth. It does this by
Heartland prides itself on being a willing complier with regulation               establishing boarding hostels that provide an opportunity for
and has open and honest relationships with its regulators.                        motivated Māori and Pasifika students to access high-performing
Our conduct is driven by a desire to do the right thing for our                   state schools within the school zones.
customers, and to act consistently with the public’s expectations
                                                                                  As part of the support of InZone, we welcomed a number
of us. This year we have established an executive level Customer
                                                                                  of the students to work at Heartland in paid internship positions
Outcomes Committee at Heartland which operates to ensure we
                                                                                  over their summer holiday. The internship programme was based
do this across all of our operations.
                                                                                  on the Māori concept of ‘ako’, which means to learn and to teach.
Our products                                                                      Our objectives were to provide the students with experience and an
At Heartland, we are proud to offer products that can create positive             understanding of what the ‘world of work’ will require of them. It
social outcomes. One of the best examples of this is our Heartland                also allows us to learn from them, particularly in relation to how we
Reverse Mortgage. Our reverse mortgage customers regularly tell us                can make Heartland more welcoming and inclusive to Māori and
that their home is what connects them to their friends, family and                Pasifika people.
community. With a reverse mortgage, we can give seniors the
                                                                                  I am also very pleased to announce the Heartland Trust has agreed
opportunity to enjoy a better retirement with peace of mind,
                                                                                  to support the Silver Line Charitable Trust NZ which has been
independence and security. It gives us huge satisfaction that in many
                                                                                  established to provide a free, dedicated telephone helpline and
cases we are making a life-changing difference to New Zealand and
                                                                                  befriending service for older New Zealanders. Silver Line NZ is
Australian seniors.
                                                                                  working in collaboration with, and is based on, the very successful
Some of the work we do was recently recognised at the 2018 Age                    Silver Line charity in the United Kingdom. The pilot service
Connect Champion Awards where we were nominated for three                         undertaken by Silver Line in Auckland in 2017 provides compelling
awards. In each case, the award nomination recognised the                         evidence for the utility of the service they intend to provide.
                                                                                  The helpline team will provide information, advice and friendship


1 The Heartland Trust is a registered charitable trust which is independent from Heartland Bank.


                                                                                                         HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018                11
     “At Heartland, we recognise we are in
       a privileged position to create a positive
       social impact. One of the ways in
       which we do this is by giving back to
       our communities through a range of
       sponsorships.”


     to seniors as well as protecting and supporting those who may be                    Ashburton sales office relocated to original premises
     suffering abuse or neglect.                                                         Following a full restoration and seismic upgrade of the Ashburton
     This was our second year as the platinum sponsor of the Auckland                    sales office, the relocation back from the branch’s temporary
     Writer’s Festival which once again featured a variety of speakers                   premises is now complete. At the same time, we took the
     from a wide range of backgrounds. Through the Heartland Trust,                      opportunity to re-design the layout and set up a new retail contact
     we are proud to support an initiative that caters to a hugely diverse               centre. The contact centre is providing local jobs and has room to
     audience, giving those people the opportunity to consider the world                 expand as Heartland’s business continues to grow.
     around them through bringing the written word to life.
                                                                                         Creating shareholder value
     Heartland Bank is also now the official partner and sponsor of
     Auckland Secondary Schools Rugby. Heartland has been a passionate                   The board has resolved to pay a fully-imputed final dividend of
     supporter of grassroots rugby for many years. We are pleased to                     5.5 cents per share on Friday 21 September 2018 to all shareholders
     extend our support this year to both the boys’ First XV competition                 on Heartland’s register at 5.00pm on Friday 7 September 2018.
     and the girls’ First XV competition in Auckland, which is now made                  Together with the interim dividend of 3.5 cents per share, the total
     up of eight teams. We believe that sport provides an outstanding                    dividend for the year was 9.0 cents per share, consistent with the
     vehicle to teach a multitude of life skills to students, including                  total dividend for 20172.
     teamwork, leadership and work ethic.
                                                                                         Total shareholder return3 (TSR) was 174% over the last five years to
     This year, Heartland Bank paid $44,000 and the Heartland Trust paid                 30 June 2018, compared with TSR of 102% for the NZX50. This is an
     $369,000 towards sponsorship and community activities.                              excellent outcome for our shareholders.

     Management changes                                                                  Capital management
     During the course of the year, Heartland appointed Grant Kemble to                  During the course of the year, Heartland successfully completed a
     the role of Chief Risk Officer to replace Richard Lorraway following                $59 million pro rata rights issue supported by a shortfall bookbuild
     his resignation from the role. Grant has spent a significant part of his            to support continued growth in its loan portfolio and maintain a
     career as a partner at a leading New Zealand commercial law firm                    strong balance sheet. We were encouraged by the strong level of
     and was most recently Chief Executive Officer of Perpetual Guardian.                support from existing shareholders for both the rights offer and the
     Grant is a highly skilled professional who brings strong expertise,                 shortfall bookbuild.
     combined with a fresh perspective, to the role of Chief Risk Officer.

     We thank Richard Lorraway for his strong contribution to Heartland
     in the areas of credit and operational risk and as a key member of
     the Senior Leadership Team through a period of significant change
     for Heartland.




     2 The Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) is available and a discount of 2.5% will apply. The last date of receipt for a participation election from a shareholder
       who wishes to participate in the DRP is Friday 7 September 2018. For full information on the DRP, please see Heartland’s Dividend Reinvestment Plan Offer
       Document dated 1 April 2017, which is available on our shareholder website shareholders.heartland.co.nz.
     3 Total shareholder return means share price appreciation plus dividends received. TSR has been calculated including the benefit of imputation credits.


12     HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018                       From the Chair
Corporate restructure
Heartland has announced a proposal to conduct a corporate
restructure that will remove constraints on the growth of the
group’s business currently arising from Reserve Bank regulations
and provide greater flexibility for the group to explore and take
advantage of future growth opportunities in New Zealand and
Australia outside the banking group.

At the same time as the restructure, Heartland is also seeking
a Foreign Exempt Listing on the ASX. We believe this will
provide access to additional sources of capital for future
growth opportunities.

All shareholders will be sent a Scheme Booklet providing detailed
information on the restructure, including an independent
assessment of the merits of the restructure for shareholders.
The board unanimously supports the proposed restructure and
recommends that shareholders vote in favour of the restructure at
the upcoming Annual Meeting to be held on 19 September 2018.

Outlook
The board is confident in Heartland’s ability to continue achieving
strong growth and profitability. Heartland expects its net profit
after tax for the year ending 30 June 2019 to be in the range of
$75 million to $77 million.

The potential for acquisitions remains a part of Heartland’s
strategy, both in New Zealand and Australia. Heartland will pursue
acquisitions which align with its strategy, are value accretive, and
which deliver access to innovation, distribution capability or
alignment with Heartland’s core products and competencies.

Finally, I wish to thank CEO Jeff Greenslade and all of the Heartland
team for their significant efforts this year in helping Heartland to
continue delivering value to its shareholders.




Geoffrey Ricketts
Chair of the Board




                                                                        HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018   13
        “Providing new
          opportunities is at the
          heart of what we do
          – new opportunities
          for our customers,
          our Heartland people
          and our communities.”




14   HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018   Chief Executive Officer’s Report
Chief Executive
Officer’s Report




Āku mihi nui ki a koutou katoa e noho mai na i ngā tōpito                   Motor
e whā o te motu. Mai i Te-Hiku-o-te-Ika, tae rawa atu ki                    Heartland’s motor vehicle finance book continued its strong growth,
Rakiura i te Moana Pounamu. Tēnā koutou katoa.                              with a 16% increase in net receivables during the financial year.
                                                                            Growth in this market has been achieved through our nationwide
Providing new opportunities is at the heart of what we do – new             network of motor vehicle dealers and partners. Customers can
opportunities for our customers, our Heartland people and our               also contact us directly through our online application platform for
communities. We achieved another strong year from a financial               car loans and further growth is expected through this channel in
perspective. However, I am equally pleased with the progress we             the future.
have made towards achieving a number of non-financial objectives,
particularly around developing our people and our workplace.                Reverse mortgages
Our aspiration is to create a culture that strives for excellence.          Heartland achieved strong growth in its reverse mortgage book,
The key pillars of this are valuing diversity of thought, being inclusive   with New Zealand reverse mortgage net receivables growing by
and welcoming to all, and supporting the wellbeing of our most              12% and Australian reverse mortgage net receivables growing by
important asset, our people.                                                31% during the financial year.

                                                                            Our Australian reverse mortgage business was awarded “Provider
Growth across all divisions                                                 of the Year – Reverse Mortgage Award” by independent financial
Our strategy continues to deliver strong asset growth across the            services research company, CANSTAR. It was also named the winner
business. Our focus this year has been on the areas which are core          of the Best Reverse Mortgage in 2018 by Money Magazine. This
to future growth including reverse mortgages, motor vehicle loans,          marks the third year in a row that Heartland has won both of these
small business loans and livestock finance. This led to a reduced           awards and is a testament to the hard work and dedication of the
focus on larger business and rural relationship lending as part of          Heartland Australia team.
our strategy to reduce concentration risk in these areas.
                                                                            The Australian Government recently announced the extension of its
A continued strong Net Interest Margin (NIM) of 4.42% was                   Pension Loan Scheme (PLS), which is an income supplement reverse
achieved for the year. Our NIM is a significant positive point of           mortgage. The changes are not expected to have an impact on
difference between Heartland and other banks, as a result of                Heartland’s business, with demographics overwhelmingly positive
identifying and focusing on niche markets offering attractive               for continued growth in demand.
margins with a measured risk portfolio.
                                                                            Business
Return on Equity was 11.1%, down from 11.6% in 2017 due to                  Business net receivables increased 7% during the financial year.
additional equity raised during the period to support continued             Strong growth was experienced across our intermediated business
growth and maintain a strong Balance Sheet. Net Tangible Assets             and through our online Open for Business platform for small
(NTA) increased from $490.5 million at 30 June 2017 to                      business loans. This growth occurred despite a reduction in larger
$584.4 million as at 30 June 2018. On a per share basis, NTA was            relationship lending following a strategic decision not to actively
$1.04 as at 30 June 2018 compared to $0.95 as at 30 June 2017.              pursue this as part of our core business.
Our focus on cost control and the efficiencies we have leveraged            During the year, we successfully replicated our Open for Business
through scalable growth, together with our digital initiatives have         platform for white-labelled offerings with selected partners
resulted in a reduction in cost to income ratio which decreased to          including Hino Distributors NZ to access Hino’s significant
40.9% from 41.9% for the prior year.                                        nationwide footprint and customer base to provide finance for
                                                                            truck purchases, repairs and maintenance. We also partnered with
Impairment expense has been impacted by growth in receivables
                                                                            InnovateHQ to create Open for Growth, an online lending platform
over the last year as well as increased impairment in the motor
                                                                            for small businesses looking to grow their operations.
vehicle, Harmoney and other consumer lending portfolios. Further
provisioning has been made for large relationship loans which we are        Rural
managing down due to concentration risk. Given Heartland’s motor            Rural net receivables decreased 3% during the year following
vehicle loans and reverse mortgage books are well-seasoned with             a strategic decision to move away from larger rural relationship
history going back to before the Global Financial Crisis, Heartland         lending. Livestock finance will be a core focus in the rural sector
can analyse performance through downturns and is able to estimate           moving forward, through both intermediated and direct channels
expected losses with a greater degree of certainty.                         including our online platform, Open for Livestock.


                                                                                                   HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018               15
                                                                This year, Heartland teamed up with NZ Young Farmers to support
                                                                young people at the forefront of the rural industry. The agri-food
                                                                sector is a vital part of New Zealand’s economy and needs young,
                  R OF THE                                      talented people to fuel it into the future. NZ Young Farmers is an
               IDE         YE
             OV                                                 impressive organisation with a footprint of 80 clubs. It provides
        PR                     AR
                                                                young people with information, advice, training and networking
                                                                opportunities. Partnering with NZ Young Farmers gives us an
                     2018                                       opportunity to raise awareness of our livestock finance offering
          EV                                                    to the next rural generation.
                               AG
         R                     E
               ER
                    SE MORTG

                                                                Deposits
                                                                Retail deposits grew strongly in the year, increasing $307.8 million
                                                                (12%) to $2.9 billion as at 30 June 2018. This year, we were awarded
                                                                with the “Bank of the Year – Savings Award” from CANSTAR,
                                                                recognising Heartland as the financial institution that provides
                                                                the strongest combination of savings products and services to its
                                                                customers. Our Direct Call Account was also recognised as a “5-star
                                                                Outstanding Value Savings Product” by CANSTAR under both its
                                                                regular and flexible saver classifications. This is the third year in a
                                                                row our Direct Call Account has received a 5-star rating from
                                                                CANSTAR. The recognition demonstrates our dedication to giving
                                                                Kiwis a flexible saving option with a competitive interest rate.

                                                                FY18 Financial Result
                                                                There are two aspects of the result which I would like to highlight.
                                                                First, it was achieved in a time of considerable upheaval. All
                                                                businesses must from time to time focus on their infrastructure, to
                                                                invest in long-term capability and efficiency. FY18 was one of those
                                                                years for Heartland.
                                                                We implemented the new Oracle core banking system in May 2017
                                                                but the consequences of this major change in core systems were felt
                    2018                                        in FY18. Considerable time was spent by virtually every part of
                                                                Heartland’s organisation in:
                                                                •	integrating the new system into everyday processes;
                                                                •	dealing with change, for internal and external users; and
                                                                •	addressing service levels through the occasional glitch
                                                                   a new system brings.
                                                                The additional resourcing required was significant as was the
                                                                diversion of existing resources. That we still grew Net Finance
                                                                Receivables by 12% and Net Profit After Tax by 11% during this
                                                                period is a testament to the culture within Heartland.
             WINNER                                             Also during 2018 we completed the first stage of our digital strategy
              2018
                                                                through building a range of platforms. From this base we have
                                                                grown our online small business lending from $45.4 million to
                                                                $89.9 million. In June 2018, we launched our first mobile app,
                                                                enabling customers to have better control over their savings
                                                                accounts and deposits.

16   HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018   Chief Executive Officer’s Report
“As an organisation, Heartland has been
  evolving over the past 10 years. I am
  proud to say that Heartlanders are
  becoming increasingly diverse across
  gender, age, heritage and background.”


The second distinctive feature of the result was the contribution,         Our Diversity Committee, set up over a year ago, develops and
both positively and negatively, of one-offs. The negative one-offs         implements initiatives to help create an environment at Heartland
related to the systems integration - the costs of additional resourcing    that is safe and welcoming to all people. Celebration of our diversity
and as a consequence of those, the distraction from critical activities,   this year included events to recognise Diwali, Matariki and Chinese
particularly in Collections. We also took the opportunity to boost         New Year and holding an international shared lunch.
collective provisions against larger relationship loans. In addition,
                                                                           This year, we surveyed our people about their ethnicity on a
we incurred costs of the proposed corporate restructure.
                                                                           voluntary basis. The results of this baseline survey showed our
We were able to still grow profitability due to the strength of            people identify with 47 unique ethnic groups. Going forward, we
underlying earnings but were also assisted by a one-off positive           will continue to collect ethnicity information from our people to
result. One of the last remaining legacy property loans from MARAC         understand who makes up our workforce, identify gaps in diverse
property activities pre-GFC was realised at a profit.                      representation and track our progress.

                                                                           In terms of gender diversity, we are actively working to develop
Corporate Restructure                                                      and attract females into senior leadership positions to promote
As referred to by our Chair, we have announced Heartland’s intention       diversity of thought. Our Strategic Management Group has been
to conduct a corporate restructure. The proposed restructure will          50% male and 50% female for over a year now. The wider Senior
provide greater flexibility for the group to explore and take advantage    Leadership Team team is now 67% male and 33% female. However,
of future growth opportunities in New Zealand and Australia outside        we recognise there is more to be done and work is underway to
the banking group. I invite all shareholders to refer to the Scheme        ensure we have a strong pipeline of female talent in the business
Booklet relating to the proposed restructure for further information.      who will have the opportunity to be part of the future leadership
                                                                           of Heartland.
Our people and our culture
As an organisation, Heartland has evolved over the past 10 years.          Looking forward
I am proud to say that Heartlanders are becoming increasingly              In the coming year, we expect underlying asset growth to continue,
diverse across gender, age, heritage and background. Our vision is to      particularly in reverse mortgages, motor vehicle and small business
continue to promote this diversity of thought and for Heartland to         lending. We will continue to expand our reach through digital and
be an accepting and welcoming working environment; a place where           intermediary channels and explore opportunities for growth in
all of our people feel included and respect and value each other’s         Australia in areas where we have key competencies.
differences. At the same time, we want Heartland to be a place
                                                                           I would like to take this opportunity to thank our people for the
where we get on with being the best we can be by doing the right
                                                                           significant contribution they have made towards achieving our
thing for our customers.
                                                                           financial results and living Heartland’s values in what they do to
One particular area of focus has been to create an environment             enable us to continue providing new or enhanced opportunities for
where Māori language, culture and values are embraced, so that             our customers. I would also like to thank our shareholders for their
Heartland can become an employer of choice for Māori. This year, we        continued support of Heartland.
appointed a Māori language and culture specialist to our People &
                                                                           Ngā mihi nui.
Culture team to assist with this journey. Some of the initiatives in
place include providing free te reo and Tikanga Māori classes for our
staff, the introduction of Māori signage in our workplace, increased
use of te reo and Tikanga Māori on formal occasions and the
establishment of a Māori speaker series for our people to better
understand the Māori world view on a number of important topics.
While this is part of our aim to be recognised as an employer of
choice for Māori talent, it is also a valuable pathway for our people
to learn more about our rich and diverse culture and for Heartland         Jeff Greenslade
to become a place that is welcoming to all cultures and ethnicities.       Chief Executive Officer




                                                                                                  HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018                 17
     Pūrongo a te Pou
     Whakahaere




     Āku mihi nui ki a koutou katoa e noho mai na i ngā tōpito                  Mōkete tauaro
     e whā o te motu. Mai i Te-Hiku-o-te-Ika, tae rawa atu ki                   Kua nui te whanake a Heartland i roto i ngā mahi Mōkete Tauaro,
     Rakiura i te Moana Pounamu. Tēnā koutou katoa.                             arā, e ai ki wā Aotearoa, mōkete tauaro moni mai a muri i te tāke,
                                                                                i piki ērā mā te 12%, me wā Ahitereiria Mōkete Tauaro moni mai
     Ko te waihanga āheinga, kei te uho o ā mātou mahi – āheinga hou            hoki, i piki ērā mā te 31% i tēnei tau pūtea nei.
     mō ā mātou kiritaki, ā mātou kaimahi, me ā mātou hapori. I riro anō
     i a mātou ētahi hua nui whakaharahara e ai ki te tirohanga pūtea.          I riro i tō mātou umanga mōkete tauaro o Ahitereiria, te tohu,
     Heoi, e pērā ana anō taku harikoa ki ngā whakawhanaketanga kua             “Provider of the Year – Reverse Mortgage Award” i tētahi ratonga
     tutuki i a mātou o waho atu i ngā whāinga ā-pūtea, inarā, i te wāhi        rangahau pūtea motuhake, CANSTAR, ā, i tapaina hoki ia hei toa
     ki ā mātou kaimahi, me ō mātou wāhi mahi. Ko ō mātou tūmanako,             whakaihuwaka mō ngā Mōkete Tauaro i te māheni a Money
     ko te waihanga ake i tētahi ahurea e pīrangi ai te tangata kia tae         Magazine, i te tau 2018. E noho ana koinei te tau tuatoru, karapīpiti
     ki ngā taumata tiketike. Ko ngā poupou matua o tēnei, ko te                nei, kua toa i a Heartland ēnei tohu e rua, ka mutu, he tohu tēnei
     matapopore i ngā momo whakaaro rerekē, ko te manaaki, ko te                nō te nui o ngā werawera i heke, me te tapatahi o te tīma nō
     rauhī i te katoa, ko te tiaki hoki i te mauri ora o ā mātou tino, arā,     Heartland Ahitereiria.
     o ā mātou kaimahi.                                                         Nōnakuanei, i whakapuakina ai e te Kāwanatanga o Ahitereiria
                                                                                tō rātou hiahia ki te whakaroa i te Pension Loan Scheme, he
     Kua tupu ngā wehenga pakihi katoa                                          whiwhinga pūtea āpiti ērā ki ngā mōkete tauaro. Kāore ngā
     E whanake tonu nei ngā rawa puta noa i te pakihi nā tā mātou               panonitanga e whakarerekē ake i ngā mahinga a Heartland, inarā,
     rautaki. Ko tā mātou i aro ai i tēnei tau, ko ngā wāhanga e kitea          e hari nui ana ngā tūmomo tāngata huhua ki ngā whanaketanga
     tonutia ai te whanaketanga hei ngā tau kei te tū mai, pēnei i te           tonutanga, me te pīrangitia nuitia o tērā e rātou.
     mōkete tauaro, i te pūtea taurewa mō te waka, i te pūtea taurewa           Pakihi
     mō te pakihi iti me te ahumoni kararehe. Nā konā i iti ake ai tā
                                                                                I piki ngā nama mai ā-pakihi ki te 7% i te tau ahumoni kua hipa.
     mātou aro ki ngā pakihi nui ake me te tuku pūtea hononga
                                                                                I kitea te whanaketanga puta noa i ā mātou mahi tae atu ki tā
     taiwhenua hei wāhanga o tā mātou rautaki kia iti ai te mōrearea
                                                                                mātou pae Open for Business mō ngā pūtea taurewa pakihi iti.
     i te wāhi kotahi i ēnei wāhanga.
                                                                                I whakatauritetia tēnei whanaketanga e tētahi whanaketanga
     I tutuki tētahi Paenga Huamoni More (PHM) kaha tonu nei o te               pōturi ake i te tuku pūtea whai hononga nui i muri mai i tētahi
     4.42% i te tau. Nā tā mātou PHM i ahurei ake ai mātou i ētahi              whakataunga ā-rautaki kia kaua e āta whāia tērā huarahi hei
     atu whare pēke, ā, i pēnā ai nā te tautuhi me te aro ki ngā                wāhanga matua o ā mātou mahi.
     mākete whāiti e whakarato nei i ētahi paenga pai kāore nei e kaha
                                                                                I waenga i te tau, i oti i a mātou tā mātou pae Open for Business
     te mōrearea.
                                                                                te tārua mō ngā hua pinetohu-mā, ā, he mea āta kōwhiri ngā āpiti
     I heke te whakahokinga mai o ngā Pānga i te 11.6% ki te 11.1% i te         pēnei i a Hino Distributors NZ kia kitea ai te pānga ā-motu me te
     tau 2017 nā ngā pānga tāpiri i tupu i te roanga o te wā hei āwhina i       whānui o ngā kirihoko o Hino kia pai ai te ahumoni i ngā hokonga,
     te whanake tonutanga me te whakaū i tētahi Tuhinga Toenga. I piki          i ngā whakatikanga me ngā whakaūnga taraka. I piri hoki mātou ki
     ngā Rawa Tūturu More (RTM) i te $490.5 miriona tāra i te 30 o              InnovateHQ ki te waihanga i a Open for Growth, he pae tuku pūtea
     Pipiri i te tau 2017 ki te $584.4 miriona tāra i te 30 o Pipiri i te tau   ā-ipurangi mō ngā pakihi iti e hiahia nei ki te whakawhānui i ā rātou
     2018. I te pānga kotahi, $1.04 te uara o ngā RTM i te 30 o Pipiri i te     mahinga.
     tau 2018, ā, e $0.95 i te 30 o Pipiri i te tau 2017.
                                                                                Taiwhenua
     Kua whakaheke te ōwehenga o ngā utu ki ngā moni whiwhi, i heke             I heke ngā nama mai ā-taiwhenua mā te 3% i te tau i muri mai
     ki te 40.9% i te 41.9% i te tau, nā tā mātou aro ki te whakahaere          i tētahi whakataunga ā-rautaki kia whakarērea te tuku pūtea whai
     utu me te kore i moumou pūtea mā te tupu haumaru, tae atu hoki             hononga taiwhenua nui. Ko te ahumoni kararehe tētahi aronga
     ki ā mātou kaupapa matihiko.                                               matua i te rāngai taiwhenua ka tirohia mā ngā whakawhitinga
                                                                                takawaenga, horipū anō hoki tae atu ki tā mātou pae ipurangi,
     Kua pāngia ngā utu whakahauā e te whanaketanga o ngā nama mai
                                                                                Open for Livestock.
     i te tau kua hipa, ā, kua piki ake te whakahauātanga i te taha ki ngā
     waka me ngā nama matawhaiaro. Kei te tiakina ētahi atu hua mō              I tēnei tau i piri a Heartland ki a NZ Young Farmers hei tautoko
     ngā pūtea taurewa hononga e kaha whakahaerehia nei e mātou i               i te rangatahi e mahi nei i te ahumahi taiwhenua. He wāhanga nui
     runga i te mōrearea i te wāhi kotahi. Nā te pakari o ngā puka              te rāngai whakatupu kai o te ōhanga o Aotearoa, ā, me whai
     mōkete tauaro me ngā pūtea taurewa mō ngā waka a Heartland me              rangatahi pūkenga hei kōkiri i tēnei rāngai hei ngā tau kei te heke.
     tana tū i mua atu i te Mōrearea Ahumoni ā-Ao e āhei ai a Heatland          He whakahaere whaimana a NZ Young Farmers, ā, e 80 ōna kāhui.
     ki te arohaehae i ngā mahi i roto i ngā whakahekenga me te                 Ko tāna hoki he tuku pārongo, he tohutohu, he whakangungu,
     whakapae tika anō hoki i te ngaronga ka pā pea.                            he whakatakoto huarahi whakapā hoki hei whai mā te rangatahi.
                                                                                Mā te piri ki a NZ Young Farmers e āhei ai mātou ki te whakamōhio
     Ngā waka
                                                                                i te reanga taiwhenua e heke mai nei ki tā mātou whakaratonga
     I kaha tonu te tupu o te puka ahumoni waka a Heartland i te pikinga
                                                                                ahumoni kararehe.
     o te 16% i ngā nama mai more i te roanga o te tau pūtea. I kitea ai
     te whanaketanga i tēnei mākete nā te hapori ā-motu o ngā kaihoko
     waka me ngā āpiti. Ka āhei hoki ngā kirihoko ki te whakapā kau mai         Moni Tāpui
     ki a mātou mā tā mātou pae tono ā-ipurangi mō ngā pūtea taurewa            I whanake mārika ngā moni tāpui kaihoko i tēnei tau, i whānaki
     waka, ā, e tūmanako ana ka kitea tonutia tētahi whanaketanga i             i te $307.8 miriona (12%) ki te $2.9 piriona, mai i te 30 Pipiri, 2018.
     tēnei whakawhitinga hei ngā tau kei te heke.                               I tēnei tau i riro i a mātou te tohu “Bank of the Year – Savings


18     HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018                  Pūrongo a te Pou Whakahaere
Award”, i a CANSTAR, te tohu e kī ana ko Heartland te uepū hoatu        Heartland hei taiwhanga mahi whai manaaki, he wāhi kia rangona
i ngā tino pākete penapena pūtea ā-rawa, ā-ratonga hoki ki ana          e ngā kaimahi te whakaute mai, kia whakaute atu hoki rātou ki
kiritaki. I whakanuia hoki tā mātou Direct Call Account hei “5-star     a rātou. Otirā, kei te hiahiatia tonutia kia whāia ngā taumata papai
Outstanding Value Savings Product” i a CANSTAR, i raro mai i ana        mā te mahinga o ngā mahi tika i te taha o ā mātou kiritaki.
kaupapa penapena māori, penapena pīngore hoki. Koinei te tuatoru
                                                                        Ko tētahi tonu o aua tirohanga rā, ko te waihanganga mai o tētahi
o ngā tau, karapīpiti nei, kua toa i a Direct Call Account te tohu
                                                                        taiao e maimoa nei i ngā tāngata katoa, i te ahurea, me ngā
5-star i a CANSTAR. E whakatauira ana te whakamānawa nei
                                                                        uara Māori anō hoki, kia noho mai ai hoki ko Heartland te tino
i tō mātou tapatahi kia riro ai i ngā tāngata nō Aotearoa ētahi
                                                                        wāhi e haerehia ai e te Māori. I te tau nei, i pōhirihia e mātou
kōwhiringa kē atu mō ngā kaupapa penapena, he pāpātanga
                                                                        tētahi kaiārahi reo Māori, ahurea Māori anō hoki ki tō mātou
moni hua autaia ōna.
                                                                        Kāhui Tāngata, Ahurea hoki e tautokona ai tētahi haerenga
                                                                        whakamuatanga. Ko ētahi o ngā whakaaro kua whai pakiaka ko
FY18 Hua Ahumoni                                                        ētahi whakaakoranga reo, tikanga Māori hoki mō ā mātou kaimahi,
E rua ngā āhuatanga o te putanga e hiahia nei au ki te kōrero.          te kitea o ngā pānui whakatairanga Māori i te wāhi mahi, te
Tuatahi, i tutuki i te wā o te tutū mai o te puehu. Katoa ngā pakihi    rangona o te reo Māori me ngā tikanga ki ngā huihuinga ōkawa,
me aro i ōna wā ki ō rātou hanganga kia pai ai te haumi i ngā           ngā kauhau Māori e mārama ake ai te tirohanga Māori e ai ki ētahi
āheinga me ngā whakaputanga wā roa, ā, i pērā te āhua o te tau          tino horopaki. Ahakoa he wāhanga nui tēnei, te mōhiatia ō mātou
pūtea FY18 mō Heartland.                                                hei kōwhiringa matua e mahi ai te tangata Māori, he whakaaro
                                                                        rangatira hoki tēnei e ako ai ā mātou kaimahi e pā ana ki te hirahira,
I whakatakoto mātou i te pūnaha pēke matua hou o Oracle
                                                                        me matarau o tō mātou ahurea, ā, kia noho mai hoki ko Heartland
i te marama o Haratua, i te tau 2017 engari i pā ngā hua o tēnei
                                                                        hei wāhi hāneanea mō rau ahurea, mō rau iwi anō hoki.
panonitanga nui ki ngā pūnaha matua i te tau pūtea FY18. He nui
te wā i pau i ia peka o te whakahaere o Heartland ki te:                Ko tō mātou Komiti Matarau, tērā rā kua kotahi tau e kaupapa
                                                                        haere ana, ko tāna he waihanga, he whakatū hoki i ētahi kaupapa
• whakauru i te pūnaha hou ki roto i ngā mahinga o ia rā;
                                                                        e rangona ai he taiao, i Heartland, e hāneanea ai, e haumaru ai,
• ki te whakatau i ngā rerekētanga ki ngā kaimahi o roto, o waho       e manawapoporehia ai hoki te tangata. Ko ētahi o ā mātou ahurei
   hoki; ā                                                              whakanui i tō mātou matarautanga, i tēnei tau, ko te Diwali,
                                                                        ko Matariki, ko te tau hou Hainamana, me tētahi tina hirahira
• ki te whakatau i ngā ratonga ahakoa ngā hē i puta mai i ōna wā
                                                                        e whakatairanga ana i tō mātou ā-aotanga.
   i te pūnaha hou.
                                                                        I tēnei tau, i rangahaua e mātou tā mātou momo iwi e mahi ana
I nui ngā rawa tāpiri i pīrangitia, pēnei i te autakitanga o ngā rawa
                                                                        mā mātou, ka mutu, katoa i mahia tūaotia. Ko ngā hua o tēnei
o mua. He whakaatu te tupu tonutanga o te Nama mai Ahumoni
                                                                        rangahau ko te kite, e 47 ngā momo iwi rerekē e whai pānga ana
More mā te 12% me te Painga More i muri mai i te Tāke mā te 11%
                                                                        ki a mātou. Haere ake nei, ka kohikohi tonu mātou i ngā mokamoka
i te roanga o tēnei wā i te ahurea o Heartland.
                                                                        tōtika e mōhio ai mātou ko wai mātou, he aha ngā āputa, i ahu mai
Waihoki, i te tau 2018 i oti i a mātou te wāhanga tuatahi o tā          hoki mātou i hea.
mātou rautaki matihiko mā te hanga i ētahi pae rerekē. Nā tēnei
                                                                        E ai ki ngā matarautanga ā-ira nei, e mataara tonu ana mātou
tūāpapa i tupu mai ai tā mātou tuku pūtea pakihi iti ā-ipurangi
                                                                        ki te kimi huarahi e whakatata mai ai te ira wahine ki ngā tūranga
mai i te $45.4 miriona tāra ki te $89.9 miriona tāra. I te marama o
                                                                        whakahaere rangatira, e rangona ai ētahi whakaaro rerekē. Ko Te
Pipiri, i whakarewaina tā mātou taupānga tuatahi kia pai ake ai tā te
                                                                        Mana Whakahaere kua 50% tāne, 50% wāhine hoki, mō kotahi tau,
kiritaki whakahaere i ā rātou pūtea penapena, ā rātou moni tāpui
                                                                        neke atu, ināianei. Ko te Rōpū Kaiwhakahaere Whānui, he 67% he,
anō hoki.
                                                                        33% wāhine ināianei. Heoi anō, e mōhio ana mātou he nui tonu
Ko te tuarua o ngā āhuatanga ahurei i ngā putanga ko te whai            ngā mahi kei mua i te aroaro, ā, e mahia mai ana ērā e kitea mai ai
wāhitanga o ngā one-offs, pai mai, kino mai. I hāngai ngā putanga       e mātou ētahi kaimahi wāhine kē atu i roto i te pakihi ka whai wāhi
tūtahi kino ki te whakaurunga o te pūnaha, arā ki te utu o ngā rawa     pea ki te kāhui whakahaere ā tōna wā.
tāpiri, ā, nā konā i kotiti ai i ngā mahinga whaitake, inā hoki ērā i
roto i ngā kohinga pūtea. I whai hoki mātou ki te whakapiki i ngā       Te titiro whakamua
pūtea tōpū i te taha o ngā pūtea taurewa whai hononga nui. Hei
                                                                        Hei te tau kei te heke mai, e whakapae ana mātou ka whanake tonu
tāpiri atu, i utaina mai mātou e ngā utu e pā ana ki te hanganga
                                                                        ngā rawa tūāpapa, ngā mōkete tauaro tonu, ngā pūtea taurewa mō
rangatōpū i marohitia ai.
                                                                        te motoka, me te pūtea taurewa mō te pakihi iti. Ka ngana tonu
I tukua tonutia mātou kia tupu, kia whaihua nā te kaha o ngā moni       mātou ki te whakawhānui i tō mātou mōhiotia mā te matihiko, ngā
utunga huna engari i āwhinatia hoki mātou e tētahi putanga tūtahi       pūnaha takawaenga, ka kimi hoki mātou i ētahi huarahi e tupu ai
pai. I hua mai tētahi o ngā pūtea taurewa mōrehu nā ngā mahinga         mātou ki Ahitereiria, ki ngā wāhi tonu e whai tautōhito ai mātou.
hanga a MARAC i mua i a GFC hei painga.
                                                                        Hei konei ahau whakamānawa ai i ngā tini homaitanga a tēnā,
                                                                        a tēnā i tutuki ai ō mātou whāinga ā-pūtea, me te whakatinana
Hanga Whakahoutanga                                                     hoki i ngā uara o Heartland’s i taea ai e mātou ētahi whakaaro
Pēnei tonu i wā te Pūrongo a te Heamana i kī ai, kua whakapuakina       auaha hou, me ētahi āheinga kē atu anō mā ā mātou kiritaki. Hei
ake e mātou ngā tūmanako o Heartland kia whakahoutia te āhua            konei hoki ahau whakamānawa atu ai ki ā mātou kaiwhaipānga mō
o te kāhui o runga, o te uepū nei. Ko tā te whakahoutanga he hoatu      te tautoko tonu mai i a Heartland.
āheinga ki te kāhui o runga e māmā ake ai tā rātou mātirotiro,
                                                                        Ngā mihi nui.
tā rātou kimi hoki i ētahi huarahi whakawhanake i Aotearoa,
i Ahitereiria anō hoki, i waho atu i ngā uepū pēke. E pōhiri ana
ahau i ngā kaiwhaipānga katoa kia tirohia ake te Booklet Scheme
e rātou e kitea mai ai ngā tūmanako, me ētahi atu mokamoka,
mō ngā whakahoutanga.

Ā mātou tāngata me te ahurea
Ā-pakihi nei, kua whanake a Heartland i roto i ngā tau tekau            Jeff Greenslade
kua hori. E whakahī ana hoki ahau i te whanaketanga haeretanga          Pou Whakahaere
o ngā kanohi o Heartlands, ahakoa ā-ira tangata, ā-pakeketanga,
ā-whakapapa, ā-hītori anō hoki. Ko te āhua o te titiro anamata,
kei roto i te whakatairanga tonutanga o rau whakaaro, kia tū a


                                                                                               HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018                 19
     The Heartland
     Mobile App




                                                                             SIMPLICITY
                                                                             Deposit accounts and
                                                                             transactions can be viewed
                                                                             in one place from a phone
                                                                             or tablet.




     Heartland recently launched its first mobile app,
     enabling customers to have better control over their
     Heartland savings accounts and term deposits.
     The objective was to develop an app that was simple and
     easy to use, giving customers freedom to access their accounts
     or open new ones, without contacting Heartland by phone or
     in person.

     As part of the development, Heartland carried out considerable
     user experience testing with staff and customers prior to
     launch to help improve usability and seek input on the overall
     customer experience. This resulted in about 100 changes and
     improvements to the app functionality.                                  CONVENIENCE
     The first release of the Heartland Mobile App was launched in           Open a new Heartland Term
     June 2018, with some of the customers who had pre-registered            Deposit or Savings Account at
     their interest given first access. The level of feedback was            any time, directly from our app.
     excellent and is being used to develop improvements for future
                                                                             Provide instructions for when a
     releases of the App.
                                                                             term deposit is about to mature
     The launch of the Heartland Mobile App is an important                  – select whether to re-invest,
     milestone in Heartland’s strategy to use digital channels to            top up or repay the deposit.
     cost-effectively reach more customers. It also enables self-
     service capability for deposit customers who are seeking a fast
     and seamless online customer experience.




                                                                             PEACE OF MIND
                                                                             Money can be easily
                                                                             transferred to or from a
                                                                             single nominated account.

                                                                             Questions or enquiries
                                                                             can be sent directly to
                                                                             Heartland through a
                                                                             secure message function.



20     HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018                The Heartland Mobile App
  Reverse
  Mortgages
                                                                             26           %

                                                                             Growth in FY18
                                                                             (in AUD)




                                                                                                                  96          %

                                                                                                                  Customers who are likely
                                                                                                                  or highly likely to
                                                                                                                  recommend Heartland
                                                                                                                  Seniors Finance to friends
                                                                                                                  and family.




 Australia – a growing market                                                What is a reverse mortgage?
 In January 2018, Heartland Seniors Finance in Australia achieved            A reverse mortgage is just like a normal home loan that’s
 a major milestone – helping our 15,000th customer. We’ve now                been designed specifically for the needs of seniors. It allows
 helped nearly 30,000 people across New Zealand and Australia live           homeowners over 60 to access a portion of the equity in their
 a more comfortable retirement, by removing the stress of meeting            home. What sets it apart from a regular home loan is that no
 living expenses or dealing with unexpected costs and enabling               regular repayments are required. Instead, the debt is repaid from
 them to stay in their own home for as long as they choose.                  the future sale of the property. Most importantly, the homeowner
                                                                             continues to own the home, which is often what connects them
 Our market share of reverse mortgages in Australia continues to
                                                                             to family, friends and their community. The funds borrowed can
 increase – to 18.6% as at 31 March 2018, up from 14.4% a year
                                                                             be used for a range of purposes including home improvements,
 earlier. The total market in Australia grew 3.6% in the 12 months
                                                                             travel, medical expenses or for extra cash flow in retirement.
 to March 2018, while Heartland grew 23.4% during this period.1
 This growth is not expected to slow down with 20,000 people                 Our aim is to provide New Zealand and Australian seniors with
 turning 65 in Australia every month.                                        the freedom to enjoy a better retirement with peace of mind,
                                                                             independence and security. As part of this, we provide three
 Heartland’s product has been recognised as market-leading,                  promises to every reverse mortgage customer:
 winning Best Reverse Mortgage Provider from CANSTAR and
 Best Reverse Mortgage from Money Magazine three years in a                  PROMISE 1:
 row. Heartland has even been nominated as a finalist for Non-Bank
 of the Year at the Australian Mortgage Awards.
                                                                             Lifetime Occupancy Guarantee
                                                                             Your home will remain the place you live in for as long
                                                                             as you choose.
 How our reverse mortgage customers use their funds
                                                                             PROMISE 2:

                       Aged      Gifts                                       No Negative Equity Guarantee
                       Care                                                  The loan repayment will never exceed the net sale
                                                          Home
            Medical                                    Improvements          proceeds of the property.

                                                                             PROMISE 3:

                                                                             Loan Repayment Guarantee
  Motor
                                                                             There is no requirement to make any repayment until
  Vehicle
                                                                             the end of the loan.




   Travel

                                                              Extra
                                                             Income



                  Mortgage & Debt
                   Consolidation


                                                                                              Andrew Ford
                                                                                                Heartland
1. Source: APRA Quarterly, Authorised Deposit-taking Institution                           Seniors Finance
   Performance Statistics and Heartland management reporting.                                Australia CEO


                                                                      Reverse Mortgages         HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018                21
     Our Board
     of Directors


                                                                           Geoffrey Ricketts
                                                                           CNZM, LLB (Hons), LLD (honoris causa), CFInstD
                                                                           Chair and Independent Non-Executive Director
                                                                           Term of office
                                                                           Appointed 30 September 2010, last elected 21 November 2017.
                                                                           Board committees
                                                                           Chair of the Corporate Governance, People, Remuneration and
                                                                           Nominations Committee, Chair of the Corporate Finance Committee
                                                                           and member of the Audit Committee.
 GEOFFREY                       BRUCE                                      Geoff is a company director and investor with wide experience in
 RICKETTS                       IRVINE                                     the New Zealand and Australian business environments. He holds
                                                                           a number of directorships, including Chair of Todd Corporation
                                                                           Limited, Chair of Suncorp Group (NZ) Limited and Chair of Vero
                                                                           Insurance New Zealand Limited. Geoff chairs The University of
                                                                           Auckland Foundation and is a strong supporter of community and
                                                                           philanthropic activities, particularly in relation to the arts and
                                                                           education in New Zealand.


                                                                           Bruce Irvine
                                                                           BCom, LLB, FCA, CFInstD, FNZIM
                                                                           Deputy Chair and Independent Non-Executive Director
 JEFF                           ELLIE                                      Term of office
 GREENSLADE                     COMERFORD
                                                                           Appointed 31 December 20151, last elected 22 November 2016.
                                                                           Board committees
                                                                           Chair of the Audit Committee, member of the Corporate
                                                                           Governance, People, Remuneration and Nominations Committee
                                                                           and member of the Corporate Finance Committee.
                                                                           Bruce is a chartered accountant and was admitted into the
                                                                           Christchurch partnership of Deloitte in 1988. He was Managing
                                                                           Partner from 1995 to 2007 before retiring from Deloitte in May
                                                                           2008 to pursue his career as an independent director. Bruce is a
                                                                           director of several public and private companies including House of
                                                                           Travel Holdings Limited, Market Gardeners Limited, PGG Wrightson
                                                                           Limited, Rakon Limited, Scenic Circle Hotels Limited and Skope
 JOHN                           GRAHAM
 HARVEY                         KENNEDY                                    Industries Limited. Bruce is involved in a voluntary capacity as a
                                                                           trustee of the Christchurch Symphony Orchestra.


                                                                           Jeff Greenslade
                                                                           LLB – Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer
                                                                           Term of office
                                                                           Appointed 30 September 2010, last elected 31 December 2015.
                                                                           Board committees
                                                                           Member of the Corporate Finance Committee.
                                                                           Jeff joined the Heartland Group as Chief Executive Officer of MARAC
 SIR CHRISTOPHER                VANESSA                                    Finance Limited (MARAC) in 2009 and successfully guided the merger
 MACE                           STODDART                                   of Southern Cross Building Society, CBS Canterbury and MARAC to
                                                                           become Heartland in 2011.

                                For a full list of each director’s         Together with the Board, Jeff has set a strategy for Heartland
                                other directorships, please                focusing on delivery of best or only products to markets that are
                                refer to Heartland’s disclosure            under-served by the other banks using low cost intermediated, direct
                                statement for the 12 months                and digital channels.
                                ended 30 June 2018                         Jeff is a member of Champions for Change, an organisation
                                contained in our Financial
                                                                           facilitating the exchange of ideas with peers of appropriate ways
                                Report 2018 document.
                                                                           to improve our diversity and inclusiveness.


                                                                           1 Bruce Irvine and John Harvey were directors of Heartland Bank Limited
 GREGORY                                                                     prior to the amalgamation with Heartland New Zealand Limited on
 TOMLINSON                                                                   31 December 2015 and became directors of Heartland New Zealand Limited
                                                                             on amalgamation (which was then renamed Heartland Bank Limited).
22   HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018            Our Board of Directors
Ellie Comerford                                                          Sir Christopher Mace
BEc – Independent Non-Executive Director                                 KNZM, CMInstD – Independent Non-Executive Director
                                                                         Ngati Porou, Te Whanau-a-Apanui
Term of office
Appointed 1 January 2017, last elected 21 November 2017.                 Term of office
Board committees                                                         Appointed 30 September 2010, last elected 21 November 2017.
Member of the Risk Committee and member of the Corporate                 Board committees
Finance Committee.                                                       Member of the Risk Committee.
Ellie has worked for more than 30 years in financial services in         Sir Chris is an Auckland-based company director with experience
Australia and overseas across a range of banking and insurance           in the New Zealand and Australian business environments. Sir Chris
businesses in both an executive and non-executive capacity. Her          is a past Chairman of the Crown Research Institutes ESR (forensic
most recent executive role was as CEO and Managing Director of           and environmental science), NIWA (climate, freshwater and ocean
Genworth Mortgage Insurance Australia Limited successfully listing       science) and the New Zealand Antarctic research unit, Antarctica
the company on the ASX in 2014.                                          New Zealand. He is a Commissioner for the Tertiary Education
Ellie is a non-executive director for financial services businesses in   Commission. Sir Chris continues as a director and/or investor in a
Australia including Cash Converters International Limited and Hollard    number of companies. In 2014, he was awarded the Companion of the
Insurance Australia. Ellie has significant experience in strategy        New Zealand Order of Merit (CNZM) for services to Antarctica and
planning, business development, risk management, corporate finance,      the community and in 2016 was appointed as a Knight Companion
and operations management, and brings a track record of enhancing        of the New Zealand Order of Merit for services to science and
financial performance and leadership culture within organisations.       education. Sir Chris was named Maori Business Leader of the Year
                                                                         in 2012 and was inducted into the Business Hall of Fame in 2015.
Ellie has a strong passion for promoting diversity and is a member
of Chief Executive Women in Australia, a forum to educate and
influence Australian business and government on the importance
of gender balance.
                                                                         Vanessa Stoddart
                                                                         BCom/LLB (Hons), PGDip Professional Ethics, GAICD, CMInstD
                                                                         Independent Non-Executive Director

John Harvey                                                              Term of office
                                                                         Appointed 3 October 2016, last elected 22 November 2016.
BCom, CA, CF InstD – Independent Non-Executive Director
                                                                         Board committees
Term of office
                                                                         Member of the Risk Committee and member of the Corporate
Appointed 31 December 20151, last elected 22 November 2016.
                                                                         Governance, People, Remuneration and Nominations Committee.
Board committees
                                                                         Vanessa is an experienced director and serves on the boards of
Chair of the Risk Committee and member of the Audit Committee.
                                                                         New Zealand Refining Company Limited, Alliance Group Limited,
John has considerable financial services experience and 36 years in      Tertiary Education Commission and the Financial Markets Authority.
the professional services industry, including 23 years as a partner of   Her government appointments include MBIE’s Audit and Risk
PricewaterhouseCoopers where he also held a number of leadership         Committee, DOC’s Audit and Risk Committee, and Business
and governance roles. Since his retirement from PricewaterhouseCoopers   New Zealand’s representative on DESC.
in 2009, John has pursued a career as an independent director of a
                                                                         Following an early legal career, Vanessa gained broad commercial
number of companies, including NZX-listed Stride Property Limited,
                                                                         and leadership transformation experience with a specific focus
Investore Property Limited and NZX/ASX-listed Kathmandu
                                                                         on people, culture and health and safety as well as best practice
Holdings Limited. He is also chairman of NZ Opera Limited.
                                                                         governance and business ethics with some of New Zealand’s largest
                                                                         companies, including Air New Zealand and Carter Holt Harvey.

Graham Kennedy                                                           Vanessa’s drive for enhanced diversity in New Zealand companies is
                                                                         demonstrated through her commitment to Global Women for which
MNZM, J.P., BCom, FCA, ACIS, ACIM, CFInstD
                                                                         she is currently the Chair.
Independent Non-Executive Director
Term of office
Appointed 30 September 2010, last elected 31 December 2015.
                                                                         Gregory Tomlinson
Board committees                                                         AME – Non-Executive Director
Member of the Audit Committee and member of the Risk Committee.
                                                                         Term of office
Graham has over 40 years’ experience as a chartered accountant and       Appointed 18 March 2013, last elected 21 November 2017.
business advisor. He is now an independent professional director and
Chairman of a number of private companies, providing him with            Board committees
governance experience across a diverse range of business sectors         Member of the Corporate Governance, People, Remuneration
including property, tourism, agribusiness, transport, construction       and Nominations Committee and member of the Corporate
and professional services. Graham is also actively involved, at a        Finance Committee.
governance level, in a variety of community based charitable             Greg is a Christchurch-based businessman and investor with
organisations. He has considerable experience in Mergers and             40 years’ experience owning, managing and building businesses.
Acquisitions, Human Resources, Finance and Banking having been           An early pioneer of the mussel industry of Marlborough, he
involved in the Building Society sector since 1985.                      established Impact Capital with active investments in the aged care,
Graham was awarded a New Zealand Order of Merit for services to          animal pharmaceutical, finance and wine sectors. Greg and his wife
Business, in the 2017 Queen’s Birthday Honours.                          Jill support a variety of charities in New Zealand and overseas.

                                                                                                 HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018              23
     Our Strategic
     Management Group




                                                               Jeff Greenslade
                                                               Chief Executive Officer
                                                               Jeff has over 20 years’ experience as a senior banking executive,
                                                               including with the ANZ National Banking Group, where he last
                                                               held the position of Managing Director of Corporate and
                                                               Commercial Banking for ANZ National Bank. From February 2006
                                                               until February 2008, he was on the board of UDC Finance Limited.
                                                               Jeff has also held a number of senior positions in the Institutional
                                                               and Capital Markets areas of The National Bank of New Zealand
                                                               and its subsidiary, Southpac.
 JEFF                           CHRIS
 GREENSLADE                     FLOOD                          Jeff joined the Heartland Group as Chief Executive Officer of MARAC
                                                               Finance Limited in 2009 and subsequently became Chief Executive
                                                               Officer of Heartland Bank.
                                                               “Our aim is not simply to be a more agile version of a mainstream
                                                               bank. We have a different model - a model based on a different
                                                               approach to products, distribution and culture that makes a real
                                                               difference to our customers.
                                                               He aha te mea nui o te ao? He tangata, he tangata, he tangata.”


                                                               Chris Flood
                                                               Deputy Chief Executive Officer
 LAURA                          GRANT
 BYRNE                          KEMBLE                         Chris’ experience spans 35 years in financial services including roles
                                                               in New Zealand, Australia and the United Kingdom working with
                                                               Westpac, National Australia Bank and UDC. Chris has been with
                                                               Heartland Bank for 20 years, starting with the company in December
                                                               1997 in Christchurch before moving to Auckland 2002 as General
                                                               Manager Consumer. He has also held the roles of Head of Retail and
                                                               Head of Distribution before being appointed Deputy Chief Executive
                                                               Officer in September 2016.
                                                               Chris serves on the boards of MARAC Insurance Limited, Fuelled
                                                               Limited, Heartland Australia Group Limited and Heartland NZ
                                                               Trustee Limited.
                                                               “It’s been a positive year for Heartland with strong financial
 DAVID                          ROCHELLE
 MACKRELL                       MOLONEY                        performance and achievement of key milestones. This is
                                                               testament to the dedication and creativity of our people.
                                                               Looking ahead, we’re aiming to widen our market reach, and
                                                               develop partnership opportunities to bring our products to
                                                               new customers.”




 SARAH                          LYDIA
 SMITH                          ZULKIFLI


24   HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018     Our Strategic Management Group
Laura Byrne                                                            Rochelle Moloney
Chief People & Culture Officer                                         Chief Marketing & Communications Officer
Laura is a former lawyer and joined Heartland in 2013 as Group         Rochelle commenced her career as a banking and finance solicitor
General Counsel following an early legal career in private practice    with a commercial law firm in Auckland. Rochelle joined Heartland’s
and in-house with the Telecom Group. Since then she has held a         in-house legal team in February 2011 and has since been involved in
number of senior management roles at Heartland, including as Chief     a number of Heartland’s key corporate transactions and acquisitions.
Strategy Advisor and Chief Operating Officer. In early 2018 Laura      In her current role, Rochelle has responsibility for the full spectrum
was appointed as Chief People & Culture Officer and, in addition       of marketing and communications for the Heartland Group.
to leading the People and Culture Team, she is now responsible for     “At Heartland we are continually exploring new ways to
implementing Heartland’s diversity and inclusion, wellbeing, culture   reach our potential customers and better serve our existing
and other people-related strategies.                                   customers through targeted marketing campaigns and enhanced,
“Our people are what set us apart; they are the reason we can          personalised communications. We recognise the trust our
deliver what matters most to our customers and provide                 customers place in us and that we are in a privileged position to
opportunities that make a real difference to them.”                    create new opportunities for our customers through the products
                                                                       and services we provide.”

Grant Kemble
Chief Risk Officer                                                     Sarah Smith
Following Grant’s career as a partner at a leading New Zealand         Chief Technology & Enablement Officer
commercial law firm, his most recent role was as Chief Executive       Sarah has more than 30 years’ experience in the financial services
Officer of Perpetual Guardian in New Zealand. Grant is a highly        and banking sectors, and prior to joining Heartland was General
skilled professional who brings a very strong skill set, combined      Manager, Insurance for ANZ. Since joining Heartland in 2013 Sarah
with a fresh perspective, to the role of Chief Risk Officer.           has held a number of leadership roles, including CEO of MARAC
“As we embrace the new, challenge the traditional, and provide         Insurance Ltd and Head of Business Support. Now, as Chief
advice and support across Heartland’s business units, the Risk and     Technology & Enablement Officer, Sarah leads a team who is focussed
Compliance team seek to run a ‘customer and conduct’ lens over         on delivering innovative solutions in line with Heartland’s strategy.
everything we do. In 2018, we set up the Customer Outcomes             “Our Technology and Business Enablement team are continuously
Committee at an executive level to keep this top of mind as            innovating, looking for solutions that are customer-centric, as well
New Zealand’s banking sector comes under increased scrutiny.”          as evolving Heartland’s business strategy. My team are creative
                                                                       problem-solvers who turn ideas into business-ready solutions to
                                                                       enhance our customer journey. A key focus for the year ahead will
David Mackrell                                                         be greater automation and the implementation of Heartland’s
Chief Financial Officer
                                                                       strategic technology plan.”

David is a highly experienced finance professional who holds a
Bachelor of Management Studies (Hons) majoring in both Finance
and Accounting. David started his professional career at Ernst
                                                                       Lydia Zulkifli
& Young as an Auditor before joining Air New Zealand in 1992           Chief Digital Officer
where he held a number of senior financial and commercial roles,       Lydia is an experienced banking executive with a career spanning
including most recently Deputy Chief Financial Officer.                investments, treasury, lending and digital. Lydia has been with
“My teams provide expert advice and insightful analysis to all         Heartland for over 10 years and is currently leading Heartland’s digital
parts of the business and are focussed on driving business results.    transformation in order to cost-effectively reach more customers and
We ensure that the business has the fuel for growth in terms           provide them with a fast and seamless online experience.
of capital and funding and turn management information into            “Heartland wants to offer its customers personalised, safe,
competitive intelligence to support new ideas and initiatives.”        seamless end-to-end digital experiences. The team of developers,
                                                                       optimisation specialists, designers and user experience experts
                                                                       work closely with front line business units to understand what our
                                                                       customers want and how we can deliver innovative solutions
                                                                       quickly – we want to give our customers what they want before
                                                                       they know they want it.”
                                                                                               HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018                  25
     How we
     create value



                                                                                INPUTS




     Heartland is committed to delivering value for its
                                                                                Our people
     customers, shareholders, employees, communities,
     partners and intermediaries. This business model sets
     out the system of key inputs and business activities
     that contribute to Heartland’s value outcomes.
     Our Value Creation Business Model is based on the International
     Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) <IR> Framework. Using the
     principles of this framework we have identified four key inputs
     and assess value through our operational activities and five value
                                                                              Financial capital
     outcomes of the organisation.

     We believe we are already making great progress towards
     Corporate Social Responsibility issues, and we have some
     strong aspirations of what we can do in the future to ensure
     the sustainability of our company and enhance our contribution
     to our community and environment.

     As we progress on this journey we would love to hear any                    Partners,
     feedback from you. If you have any questions or feedback on              intermediaries
     this report, please email us at shareholders@heartland.co.nz.                & other
                                                                               stakeholders




                                                                                  Natural
                                                                                 resources




26     HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018                How we create value
                             UE OUTCOME
                            L          S
                         VA


 Retail deposits &                Our people
 raising investor/        Providing a diverse and inclusive
 wholesale funds          work environment that supports
                            the wellbeing of our people




Consumer, business             Our community
  & rural lending             Providing support that
                             makes a positive difference
                                in our community




    Customer
 interactions via:              Our customers
 Relationship managers    Providing access to opportunities
      Call centres           that make a real difference
        Digital                   to our customers

 Intermediary networks




                              Our shareholders
                            Providing strong sustainable
Governance & risk                economic returns
  management



                               Our operations
                            Reducing our direct impact
   Innovation                  on the environment




AC T
        I V ITI E S




                                                     HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018   27
28   HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018   Corporate Social Responsibility Framework
Corporate Social Responsibility
Framework Overview




                                Our people
                                Providing a diverse
                                and inclusive work
                                environment that
                              supports the wellbeing
                                  of our people
                                                                     Our
                                                                  community
                                                                   Providing support
                                                                 that makes a positive
                                                                    difference in our
                                                                       community

 Our operations                          Culture and
Reducing our direct impact
   on the environment
                                          Conduct
                                        Willing compliance
                                       with regulators and a
                                       commitment to good
                                         customer-focused
                                             outcomes


                                                               Our customers
                                                                Providing access to
                                                                opportunities that
                                                               make a real difference
                                                                 to our customers
                                 Our
                             shareholders
                             Providing strong
                                sustainable
                             economic returns




                                                                 HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018   29
     Corporate Social
     Responsibility Framework




                                                                     Our aspirations
                 Our                                                 To be a leader in diversity, to create a welcoming and inclusive work
                                                                     environment, and to support the wellbeing of our people.

                 people                                              Our objectives
                                                                     • Address imbalances in gender and ethnic representation
                                                                     • Create an environment where Māori language, culture and
                                                                       values are embraced, to become an employer of choice for Māori
                                                                     • Provide best practice support to our people in relation to health
                                                                       and wellbeing
                                                                     • Develop an approach to flexibility that will enable us to build
                                  STRATEGIC MANAGEMENT                 a diverse and inclusive team.
                                  GROUP



                                 50
                                  Female
                                           %                         Our activities
                                                                     ACHIEVED:
                                                                     • Heartland partnered with Global Women in 2017 to understand
                                                                       best practice in the promotion and facilitation of gender


                                 50
                                 Male
                                           %                           diversity. Heartland Chief Executive Officer, Jeff Greenslade,
                                                                       is also a member of Champions for Change, demonstrating a
                                                                       commitment to making Heartland an inclusive and welcoming
                                                                       working environment for all staff
                                                                     • Heartland’s Kia Eke group was established in 2018 as a talent
                                 SENIOR LEADERSHIP TEAM
                                                                       development programme for females at an early stage in their
                                                                       career to support their development and confidence to grow


                                 33        %                           into leadership roles in the future
                                                                     • Heartland’s Diversity Committee was established and its
                                                                       Diversity Policy implemented in 2017. The Diversity Committee
                                 Female
                                                                       is a forum where ideas to measure, celebrate and promote



                                 67
                                                                       diversity and inclusion are shared. The committee arranges
                                           %                           events and reports to the Board on diversity-related matters
                                                                     • Heartland completed a voluntary baseline survey in 2017 to
                                 Male                                  understand the ethnic diversity of its people, with the results
                                                                       showing that our people identify with 47 unique ethnic groups
 ALL STAFF                                                           • Celebrations of Heartland’s diversity have included events for
                                                                       Diwali, Chinese New Year, Matariki, an international shared



52
                                                                       lunch day (where staff brought in food representing their
             %                                                         culture or background) and Pink Shirt Day (an initiative to
                                                                       prevent bullying by celebrating diversity and promoting positive
                                                                       social relationships)
 Female
                                                                     • Heartland introduced a flexible working policy in 2018.


48          %                                                          It encourages managers to take an open-minded approach
                                                                       to requests for flexible working, reinforcing the benefits
                                                                       to Heartland and its customers of providing flexibility to
Male                                                                   employees who value it

30     HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018       Corporate Social Responsibility Framework
• Heartland has an Organisational Counselling Programme
  (OCP) in place for its people. OCP is an employee assistance
  programme available to all staff, spouses and partners as well
  as children living at home. It is a confidential service with
  trained counsellors available to discuss any work-related or
  personal issues
• Heartland provides financial support to its people
  to participate in team sports with their colleagues to
  support wellbeing and teamwork
• Heartland is working to create an environment where Māori
  language, culture and values are embraced and Māori feel
  confident to join Heartland and succeed authentically as Māori.
  We believe this will set a good foundation for Heartland to
  become a more welcoming place for people of all cultures and
  ethnicities. Initiatives to further this objective in 2018 include:
  –– Appointment of a People & Culture team member dedicated
     to advising the leadership team and Board on culturally
     appropriate practices and co-ordinating the initiatives to
     create a welcoming and accepting environment for Māori
  –– Introduction of te reo and tikanga Māori awareness classes
     which are available free of charge to all staff
  –– Bilingual signage installed throughout our offices to create
     a visual cultural presence
  –– Holding a Māori speaker series established to assist our
     people with better understanding of various kaupapa from           Heartland team members
     a Māori world view.                                                Aleisha and Rachel
                                                                        competing in the Fidelity Life
UNDERWAY:                                                               Corporate Challenge
• Advancing the use of te reo and tikanga on formal occasions
• Promotion of te reo through internal initiatives including Māori
  language week
• Establishing a toolkit for our people to help cope with stress
  in the workplace
• Establishing a wellbeing working group at Heartland to
  better understand how Heartland can support the wellbeing
  of its people
• Initiatives to address the gender imbalance that currently exists
  on the Senior Leadership Team.




                                                                                             HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018   31
     Corporate Social
     Responsibility Framework




                                                                      Our aspirations
                   Our                                                To make a positive difference in our community by providing
                                                                      support and opportunity to those in greater need.

                   community                                          Our objectives
                                                                      • Enhance the educational outcomes and career opportunities
                                                                        for young Māori
                                                                      • Support the development of young New Zealanders
                                                                      • Improve the opportunities and quality of life available to
                                                                        the senior demographic.

                                 LEFT: Heartland is a proud
                                 supporter of the Ashburton           Our activities
                                 Schools Music Festival.
                                                                      ACHIEVED:
                                                                      • The Heartland Trust is a proud supporter of the InZone
                                                                        Education Foundation, a registered charitable trust that aims
                                                                        to enhance the educational outcomes of Māori and Pasifika
                                                                        youth. It does this by establishing and running boarding hostels
                                                                        that provide an opportunity for motivated Māori and Pasifika
                                                                        students to access high-performing state schools within the
                                                                        school zones
                                                                      • As part of the support provided to the InZone Education
                                                                        Foundation, Heartland welcomed a number of the students
                                                                        to work in paid internship positions over their summer holiday.
                                                                        The internship programme was based on the Māori concept
                                                                        of ‘ako’, which means to learn and to teach. The objectives of
                                                                        the programme were to provide the students with experience
                                                                        and an understanding of what the ‘world of work’ will require
                                                                        of them and to enable Heartland to learn how it can become
 RIGHT: The Heartland
 Festival Room at the 2018                                              a more welcoming and inclusive environment for its people
 Auckland Writers Festival.                                           • The Heartland Trust has been closely involved with First XV
 BELOW: Captains of the                                                 rugby in schools across the country for several years now.
 Auckland Rugby Girls’ First                                            Support from the Trust assists with funding uniforms and
 XV teams.                                                              training equipment. Team sports, like rugby, foster discipline,
                                                                        commitment and teamwork, essential values for leadership and
                                                                        success beyond school. This year, Heartland is also sponsoring
                                                                        the Auckland Rugby 1st XV Boys’ and Girls’ competitions
                                                                      • This year, Heartland was once again the platinum sponsor of
                                                                        the Auckland Writer’s Festival, an event that caters for a diverse
                                                                        range of cultures, interests and age groups, inspiring people to
                                                                        fall in love with books




32    HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018         Corporate Social Responsibility Framework
• Heartland staff volunteer annually at the Special Children’s
  Christmas Party, an event established for children who
  suffer from life threatening illness, physical and intellectual
  impairment, domestic violence or who are living in
  underprivileged circumstances
• Heartland provides scholarships to a number of Māori students
  to attend high-performing schools they would not be otherwise
  able to access.

UNDERWAY:
• Sponsorship of the Silverline charitable trust, a newly
  established charity in New Zealand that will provide a 24 hour
  support line for seniors and a befriending service for seniors
  who are experiencing loneliness                                                 ABOVE: King’s College
                                                                                  Scholarship Recipients.
• Sponsorship of upcoming regional and national kapa
  haka competitions
• Further development of the internship programme for young
  Māori in cooperation with the InZone Education Foundation
  and King’s College
• Sponsorship of the WORD Christchurch Festival 2018.

                                                                                                                    BELOW: Students supported
                                                                                                                    by the InZone Education
                                                                                                                    Foundation.




The Heartland Trust is
a proud supporter of
the InZone Education
Foundation, a registered
charitable trust that
aims to enhance the
educational outcomes of
Māori and Pasifika youth.
The Heartland Trust is a registered charitable trust which is independent from,
but closely supported by, Heartland Bank.
                                                                                                      HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018         33
     Corporate Social
     Responsibility Framework




                                                                         Our aspirations
                 Our                                                     To provide consistently outstanding service to our customers,
                                                                         putting our customers’ interests above all others when selling our

                 customers                                               products and providing a suite of products that have a positive
                                                                         social impact.


                                                                         Our objectives
                                                                         • Meet the needs of people whose needs are not met by
                                                                           mainstream banking (financial inclusion)
                                                                         • Develop and drive innovation to better meet the needs of
                                                                           our diverse customers
                                                                         • Lead the way in responsible lending.


                                                                         Our activities
                                   LEFT: Ray and Tania
                                   Charman say their                     ACHIEVED:
                                   concrete services
                                                                         • Heartland has attained the Consumer Trusted accreditation
                                   business couldn’t have
                                   evolved as efficiently as               for its reverse mortgage product. The Consumer Trusted
                                   it has without support                  accreditation recognises businesses that are committed to
                                   from Heartland Bank                     delivering fair and exceptional customer experiences beyond
                                   and their great                         the consumer law requirements
                                   relationship manager.
                                                                         • This year, Heartland received the Bank of the Year – Savings
                                                                           Award from CANSTAR, recognising Heartland as the financial
                                                                           institution that provides the strongest combination of savings
                                                                           products and services to its customers. Heartland has also
                                                                           received the CANSTAR Award for the third year in a row for
                                                                           its Direct Call Account, recognising the outstanding value it
                                                                           provides to customers in relation to flexibility and returns

                                                                         • Heartland Seniors Finance in Australia was awarded “Provider
                                                                           of the Year – Reverse Mortgage Award 2018” by CANSTAR and
                                                                           named winner of the Best Reverse Mortgage Product 2018 by
                                                                           Money Magazine, in each case for the third year running.




            RIGHT: Heartland’s
            mobile deposit app
               gives customers
            better control over
                  their savings.


34    HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018            Corporate Social Responsibility Framework
Heartland is proud of the products it offers and how it can assist
people whose needs are not met by mainstream banking. Examples         RIGHT: Heartland Seniors
of how Heartland’s products make a positive social impact include:         Finance Australia Sales
                                                                        Team Leader, Elisse, with
• Reverse mortgages which provide seniors with the opportunity              correspondence from
  to enjoy a better retirement with peace of mind, independence          customers thanking the
  and security                                                         team for helping them to
• Car loans which provide families with the opportunity to buy           live a better retirement.
  safer and more fuel efficient motor vehicles
• Supporting the growth and development of small businesses
  through the provision of finance through the Open for
  Business platform
• Supporting the agriculture sector through the provision of
  specialist livestock finance which gives farmers the opportunity
                                                                                                     LEFT: Reverse
  to purchase livestock in a flexible and efficient way                                              mortgage customer,
• Development of a Farm Transition Loan to provide a new option                                      Leonard Jones, couldn’t
  for farmers who want to retire from their farm                                                     imagine having to
                                                                                                     leave the property
• Development of the Heartland Mobile App to enable customers                                        he loves in
  to have better control over their savings and deposits and                                         West Auckland.
  ultimately grow their wealth
• Heartland has always been focused on customers’ interests.
  An executive level Customer Outcomes Committee has been
  established to monitor that our conduct is aligned with our
  aspirations and public expectations. Heartland has clear lending
  policies and staff training to ensure we meet and exceed
  responsible lending standards including to establish customer
  affordability and suitability for our products.




                                                                      RIGHT: Vrinda and Sandeep
                                                                        Sharma of New Plymouth
                                                                           got the kick start they
                                                                     needed to become first-time
                                                                       business owners, thanks to
                                                                       an Open for Business loan.




                                                                                                     LEFT: Entrepreneur
                                                                                                     Amber Fowler’s online
                                                                                                     start-up business is
                                                                                                     bringing customer
                                                                                                     service back to event
                                                                                                     ticketing, thanks to
                                                                                                     support from an Open
                                                                                                     for Business loan.


                                                                                      HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018        35
     Corporate Social
     Responsibility Framework




                                                                          Our aspirations
                   Our                                                    • To provide sustainable economic returns to our shareholders.


                   shareholders                                           Our objectives
                                                                          • Continuation of a business model that provides sustainable
                                                                            economic returns to our investors.


                                                                          Our activities
                                                                          ACHIEVED:
                                                                          • 2018 full year dividend 9.0 cps



         47.9m
                                                                          • Paid $47.9m in dividends to more than 12,000 shareholders
     $                                                                      in FY2018
                                                                          • Provided shareholders with 174% Total Shareholder Return
                                                                            for the five years ending 30 June 2018, compared to 102%
     Paid in dividends to more                                              for the NZX50
     than 12,000 shareholders
                                                                          • Return on Equity 11.1%
     in FY2018
                                                                          • Heartland is the only bank in New Zealand with its primary
                                                                            listing on the NZX:
                                                                            • 89% of shareholders based in New Zealand
                                                                            • 66% of shares held by retail investors (excluding Directors
                                                                              and Staff).



                                      174 %                               UNDERWAY:
                                                                          • Corporate Restructure to provide greater flexibility for the group
                                                                            to explore and take advantage of future growth opportunities in
                                                                            New Zealand and Australia.
                                      Total Shareholder Return
                                      for the five years ending
                                      30 June 2018




36       HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018          Corporate Social Responsibility Framework
Our aspirations
• To conduct our business operations in a way that reduces our
  direct impact on the environment.
                                                                     Our
Our objectives
                                                                     operations
• Continuously improve the sustainability of our
  business operations.


Our activities
ACHIEVED:
• Adoption of follow-me printing and a print on demand model
  for procurement with the objective of reducing paper and
  printing resources
• Our strategy to reach more customers through digital channels
  instead of through bricks and mortar infrastructure also reduces
  Heartland’s direct impact on the environment.

UNDERWAY:
• Establishment of a formal sustainable procurement policy.




                                                                     HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018   37
     Financial
     Commentary


     Net profit after tax was $67.5 million for the 12 months ended                 Impairment expense in the rural division was $1.2 million, compared
     30 June 2018, an increase of 11% on the previous year.                         to a low $0.3 million charge in 2017. This is due to a higher average
                                                                                    rural loan book in 2018 compared to 2017, together with an
     Heartland has achieved excellent growth in net finance receivables
                                                                                    increased impairment rate against larger rural relationship lending.
     compared to the prior year, particularly in reverse mortgages, motor
                                                                                    Heartland continues to be very supportive of the rural and dairy
     vehicle loans, small business loans, Harmoney and other consumer
                                                                                    sector, and we are focusing our efforts to grow this division through
     lending. Overall net finance receivables grew by 12% ($439.0 million)
                                                                                    increased livestock lending while reducing our exposure to large risk
     during the year to $4.0 billion as at 30 June 2018. Our Australian
                                                                                    concentration. Rural impairment expense as a percentage of average
     operations stood out, with net finance receivables increasing 39%
                                                                                    net receivables was 0.17%.
     in the year ending 30 June 2018.

                                                                                    Business Performance
     Net Operating Income
                                                                                    Household (Reverse Mortgages, Motor, Harmoney and other
     Net Operating Income (NOI) was $196.8 million for the year ended
                                                                                    consumer lending and residential mortgages)
     30 June 2018, up 15% from $171.3 million in the 2017 financial
     year. In 2018, Net Operating Income included a $4.8 million gain               Net receivables for the Household division increased by
     relating to the sale of property which was part of an arrangement              $387.9 million (21%) to $2.3 billion as at 30 June 2018, due to
     established to recover legacy property loans, and $0.6 million gain            growth in motor vehicle loans, Harmoney and other consumer
     on the sale of the Bank’s invoice finance business. Excluding these            lending and reverse mortgages in both New Zealand and Australia.
     two one off items, Net Operating Income increased 12% on prior                 Household net operating income was $104.8 million for the year
     year, in line with the growth in net finance receivables.                      ended 30 June 2018, an increase of $11.9 million (13%) from 2017.

     Net Interest Margin (NIM) for 2018 was 4.42% compared to                       Consumer net receivables (comprising Motor, Harmoney and other
     4.46% for 2017. The reduction results primarily from changes                   consumer lending) grew $188.6 million (21%) to $1,107.6 million
     in the asset mix.                                                              as at 30 June 2018. Motor net receivables increased by
                                                                                    $130.8 million (16%) to $955.1 million as at 30 June 2018, while
     Costs                                                                          Harmoney and other consumer lending net receivables increased
                                                                                    by $57.8 million (61%) to $152.6 million.
     Operating costs were $80.4 million for the year ended 30 June 2018,
     an increase of 12% from 2017. This increase was due to business                Consumer net operating income increased $4.0 million (7%)
     growth driving increased staff and operational expenses. Operating             from 2017 to $65.3 million for the year ended 30 June 2018. Net
     costs in 2018 included a number of one-off expenses including new              operating income growth did not mirror the strong growth in net
     system implementation costs, legacy systems costs and expenses in              receivables due to a strategic change in mix towards higher quality
     relation to the proposed corporate restructure.                                motor vehicle lending.
     Notwithstanding these one-off additional expenses, the cost to                 New Zealand Reverse Mortgages net receivables grew by
     income ratio improved to 40.9% for 2018 compared to 41.9% in 2017.             $49.8 million (12%) to $453.1 million as at 30 June 2018, while
                                                                                    Australia Reverse Mortgages net receivables grew very strongly by
     Impairments                                                                    $159.3 million (31%) to $676.8 million as at 30 June 2018. Growth
                                                                                    in Australia continues to be driven through increased marketing
     Impaired asset expense was $22.1 million for the year ended
                                                                                    and continued broadening of the broker distribution network.
     30 June 2018, an increase of $7.1 million from $15.0 million in 2017.
                                                                                    Our market share in Australia Reverse Mortgages was 18.6% as at
     The increased impairment cost resulted from increased receivables
                                                                                    31 March 2018, up from 17.7% as at 31 December 2017 and 14.4%
     volume, increased rate due to reduced collections resulting from
                                                                                    as at 31 March 2017.1
     system implementation issues, together with the one-off impacts of
     additional provisioning for large relationship loans and the prior year        Net operating income for Reverse Mortgages increased $8.3 million
     benefiting from a one-off insurance recovery.                                  (28%) from 2017 to $38.1 million for the year ended 30 June 2018.
                                                                                    Residential mortgages net receivables reduced by $9.8 million during
     Impairment expense in the Household (comprising Reverse
                                                                                    2018 to $25.7 million as this portfolio continues to be run down.
     Mortgages, Motor, Harmoney and other consumer lending and
     residential mortgages) division was $13.0 million, up $2.7 million
     compared to last year, an increase of 26% in line with the increase            Business
     of Household net finance receivables of 21% combined with slightly             Business net operating income was $53.2 million for the year
     higher write-offs in the Harmoney and other consumer loan and                  ended 30 June 2018, an increase of $6.1 million (13%) from 2017.
     motor vehicle loan books than 2017. Household impairment expense               The increase in net operating income was driven by growth in net
     as a percentage of average net receivables was 0.63%.                          receivables, which increased by $70.4 million (7%) to $1,065.4 million
                                                                                    as at 30 June 2018. Our Business division growth strategy this year
     Impairment expense in the Business division was $7.9 million
                                                                                    focused on growth through intermediaries and through our digital
     up $3.5 million compared to 2017. This is due to asset growth
                                                                                    platform, Open for Business, which is driving significant growth in
     combined with the $1.2 million insurance recovery write back which
                                                                                    lending to small to medium sized enterprises.
     occurred in 2017. As mentioned above, business impairments also
     increased due to further provisioning for large relationship business
     loans. Business impairment expense as a percentage of average net
     receivables was 0.76%.


     1 Source: APRA Quarterly, Authorised Deposit-taking Institution Performance Statistics and Heartland management reporting.
38     HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018                    Financial Commentary
Rural                                                                      Capital management
Rural net operating income was $32.3 million for the year ended            The regulatory capital ratio (Total Capital expressed as a percentage
30 June 2018, an increase of $3.1 million (10%) from 2017. While           of total risk weighted exposures) was 14.12% as at 30 June 2018,
rural net receivables decreased by 3% to $656.2 million as at 30 June      above the 13.56% as at 30 June 2017.
2018, average net receivables increased from $614.0 million in 2017
                                                                           In December 2017, Heartland successfully completed a 1 for 15 rights
to $665.8 million in 2018, resulting in an increase in net operating
                                                                           issue, which raised $59 million to support continued growth in its loan
income. The focus for rural has been on livestock lending, particularly
                                                                           portfolio and strengthened its balance sheet. The offer included a
through our digital platform Open for Livestock, an easy online
                                                                           shortfall bookbuild open to both retail and institutional shareholders.
loan application platform similar to our hugely successful Open for
                                                                           The bookbuild price was set at $2.02 per share, which represented a
Business platform. This will continue to be a priority over traditional
                                                                           premium of $0.32 per share above the issue price of $1.70 per share
rural relationship lending and larger risk concentration loans.
                                                                           under the rights issue. The new shares were issued and commenced
                                                                           trading on the NZX Main Board on 14 December 2017.
Net assets
                                                                           A 2018 final ordinary dividend of 5.5 cents per share was declared
Net Assets increased from $569.6 million to $664.2 million during
                                                                           bringing the 2018 full year ordinary declared dividends to 9.0 cents
the year, an increase of 17%. Net Tangible Assets (NTA) increased
                                                                           per share, consistent with the total dividend paid for 2017. Retaining
from $490.5 million to $584.4 million during the year, an increase of
                                                                           the dividend at the same level of 2017 allows us to invest for future
19%. On a per share basis, NTA was $1.04 at 30 June 2018 compared
                                                                           growth. The Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) will remain in effect
to $0.95 as at 30 June 2017, an increase of 9%.
                                                                           for the final dividend with a 2.5% discount.

Funding and liquidity                                                      Although net earnings improved in the 2018 year, the additional
Funding and liquidity remain strong with retail deposits growing           equity raised during the period, resulted in a reduction in Return
$307.8 million (12%) to $2.9 billion as at 30 June 2018. The market        on Equity (ROE) to 11.1%, from 11.6% in 2017. Earnings per share
continues to respond well to Heartland’s direct call and business          for the year ending 30 June 2018 was 13 cents, up from 12 cents for
call accounts which give customers a competitive rate of interest          the year ending 30 June 2017.
and unlimited availability to their money.

In September 2017, Heartland successfully completed a five year,
unsecured, unsubordinated, medium term, fixed rate notes offer.
The offer closed with the final amount being issued totalling
$150 million at a fixed interest rate of 4.50% reflecting a margin of
1.88% over the underlying five year swap rate. The notes were issued
on 21 September 2017 with a maturity date of 21 September 2022
and are quoted on the NZX Debt Market.


Change in profitability ($million)
June 2017 net profit after tax        60.8
Net Interest Income                   20.7 Net interest income increased 13% in line with growth in net finance receivables of 12%.

Lease, fee and other income            (0.5) Lease income decrease due to reduction in lease receivables.

Selling and administration expenses (7.4) Operating expenses (excluding one-offs) increased 10% due to business growth driving increased
                                          staff and operating expenses, offset by improved automation and efficiencies.

Impairment expense                     (2.8) Impairment expenses (excluding one-offs) increased due to business growth and increase in overall
                                             impairment rate.

One-off other income                   5.4 Gain on sale of property and gain on sale of invoice finance business.

One-off operating expenses             (1.3) New system implementation expenses, legacy systems costs and expenses in relation to the
                                             proposed corporate restructure.

One-off impairment expenses            (4.4) Additional provisioning for large relationship loans, insurance recovery write-back in prior year,
                                             combined with reduced collections due to system implementation issues.

Income tax expense                     (3.0) Income tax expense increased due to improved profitability with the effective tax rate unchanged
                                             from 2017.

June 2018 net profit after tax        67.5




                                                                                                   HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018                 39
     Summary
     Financials


     Statement of
     Comprehensive Income
     For the year ended 30 June 2018


     $000                                                                       Jun 2018    Jun 2017
     Interest income                                                            309,284     278,279
     Interest expense                                                           125,483     115,169
     Net interest income                                                        183,801     163,110

     Net operating lease income                                                   1,670       1,794
     Lending and credit fee income                                                2,351       3,005
     Other income                                                                 8,972       3,343
     Net operating income                                                       196,794     171,252

     Selling and administration expenses                                         80,433      71,684
     Profit before impaired asset expense and income tax                        116,361      99,568

     Impaired asset expense                                                      22,067      15,015
     Profit before income tax                                                    94,294      84,553

     Income tax expense                                                          26,781      23,745
     Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank                         67,513      60,808

     Other comprehensive income for the year, net of income tax                   3,708       1,432
     Total comprehensive income for the year                                     71,221      62,240

     Basic and diluted earnings per share (cents)                                    13          12




     Statement
     of Cash Flows
     For the year ended 30 June 2018


     $000                                                                       Jun 2018    Jun 2017
     Operating inflows                                                           295,810     274,638
     Operating outflows                                                         (221,273)   (208,328)
     Changes in operating assets and liabilities                                (125,716)   (154,407)
     Net Cash Flows from operating activities                                    (51,179)    (88,097)

     Net cash flows from investing activities                                    (35,931)   (94,298)
     Net cash flows from financing activities                                     79,658    155,281

     Net decrease in cash held                                                   (7,452)     (27,114)
     Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                      57,040       84,154
     Closing cash and cash equivalents                                           49,588       57,040




40     HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018                   Summary Financials
Statement of
Changes in Equity
For the year ended 30 June 2018


$000                                                                        Jun 2018         Jun 2017
Balance at beginning of the year                                            569,595          498,341


Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank                          67,513              60,808
Other comprehensive income for the year, net of income tax                    3,708               1,432

Dividends paid net of reinvested dividends                                  (35,150)         (31,387)
Issue of share capital net of transaction costs                              58,315           39,348
Other Movements                                                                 179            1,053
Balance at end of the year                                                  664,160          569,595




Statement of
Financial Position
As at 30 June 2018


$000                                                                        Jun 2018         Jun 2017
Cash and cash equivalents                                                    49,588           57,040
Investments                                                                 340,546          318,698
Investment properties                                                         9,196            4,909
Finance receivables                                                       3,984,941        3,545,897
Operating lease vehicles                                                     17,524           19,038
Other assets                                                                 14,411           10,000
Intangible assets                                                            74,401           71,237
Deferred tax asset                                                            5,319            7,852
Total assets                                                              4,495,926        4,034,671

Borrowings                                                                3,796,058        3,429,741
Current tax liabilities                                                      11,459            9,856
Trade and other payables                                                     24,249           25,479
Total liabilities                                                         3,831,766        3,465,076

Share capital net of treasury shares                                        542,315          470,516
Retained earnings                                                           117,260           97,642
Revaluation reserves                                                            510             (543)
Foreign currency translation reserve                                          1,260           (1,055)
Employee benefits and defined benefits reserve                                2,815            3,035
Total equity                                                                664,160          569,595

Total equity and liabilities                                              4,495,926        4,034,671




                                                             HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018            41
     Corporate
     Directory




     Directors                             Strategic Management Group                          Registered Office
     Geoffrey Ricketts                     Jeff Greenslade                                     35 Teed Street
     Chair and Independent                 Chief Executive Officer                             Newmarket
     Non-Executive Director                                                                    Auckland 1023
                                           Chris Flood
     Bruce Irvine                          Deputy Chief Executive Officer                      PO Box 9919
     Deputy Chair and Independent                                                              Newmarket
                                           Laura Byrne                                         Auckland 1149
     Non-Executive Director
                                           Chief People & Culture Officer
     Jeff Greenslade                                                                           T 0508 432 785
                                           Grant Kemble                                        E shareholders@heartland.co.nz
     Executive Director and
                                           Chief Risk Officer                                  W www.heartland.co.nz
     Chief Executive Officer

     Ellen Comerford                       David Mackrell
                                                                                               Auditor
     Independent Non-Executive Director    Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                               KPMG
     John Harvey                           Rochelle Moloney                                    KPMG Centre, 18 Viaduct Harbour,
     Independent Non-Executive Director    Chief Marketing & Communications Officer            Auckland 1010

     Graham Kennedy                        Sarah Smith*                                        T 09 367 5800
     Independent Non-Executive Director    Chief Technology & Enablement
                                           Officer                                             Share Registry
     Sir Christopher Mace
                                           Lydia Zulkifli                                      Link Market Services Limited
     Independent Non-Executive Director
                                           Chief Digital Officer                               Level 11, Deloitte House
     Vanessa Stoddart                                                                          80 Queen Street
                                           * Subject to pending application for Reserve Bank
     Independent Non-Executive Director      of New Zealand approval.                          Auckland 1010

     Gregory Tomlinson                                                                         T 09 375 5998
     Non-Executive Director                                                                    F 09 375 5990
                                                                                               E enquiries@linkmarketservices.co.nz
                                                                                               W www.linkmarketservices.co.nz




                                                                                                                                      insightcreative.co.nz  HEART004




42     HEARTLAND BANK ANNUAL REVIEW 2018     Directory
heartland.co.nz
