2021
Annual
Report
Pūrongo
ā-tau
Mahi tahi
Be one team
We’re all in this together.




Mahi tipu
Be always evolving
Strive for excellence.




Mahi tika
Do the right thing
Do what’s right and true.




Mahi toa
Have big ambition
Feel the fear and do it anyway.




Ngā mātāpono, our values
Our mātāpono (values) underpin who
we are and everything we do. They
were created by our people to be
shared with our customers, partners,
communities and shareholders.
Welcome to doing
things differently
Nau mai ki te
mahinga rerekētanga

Heartland has a proud whakapapa (history)
stretching back to Ashburton, New Zealand in 1875
where life began as the Ashburton Permanent
Building & Investment Society. We’ve come a long
way since then, including first listing on the NZX 10
years ago after the merger of CBS Canterbury, Marac
Finance and Southern Cross Building Society – and
later, the acquisition of PGG Wrightson Finance and
Australian Seniors Finance.


Throughout our history, our point of difference has
been based on providing products which are the
best or only of their kind. By prioritising digitalisation,
our strategic positioning has evolved to providing
those products through scalable online platforms.
Our focus for the year ahead remains on embedding
digitalisation and automation to deliver frictionless
service and an enhanced experience for our customers
– all while continuing to deliver exceptional value for
our shareholders.


Nau mai ki te mahinga rerekētanga.




                                                              2
This Annual Report of Heartland Group Holdings
Limited (Heartland) is dated 27 September 2021 and   Geoffrey Ricketts    Jeffrey Greenslade
is signed on behalf of the Board of Directors by:    Chair of the Board   Chief Executive Officer
                                                                          and Executive Director


  3 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
Contents Rārangi ūpoko
  YEAR IN REVIEW                WHO WE ARE                                             FINANCIAL RESULTS




05                          21                            51                           71
Chair’s Report              Our business                  Directors’ disclosures       Financial commentary




09                          23                            61                           78
Chief Executive Officer’s   Heartland Group Board         Executive remuneration       Financial statements
Report




15                          25                                                         139
2021 results at a glance    Heartland Bank Board            SUSTAINABILITY             Auditor’s report




17                          27                            63                           143
Digital Home Loans          Strategic Management          Our sustainability journey   Shareholder information
disrupt the market          Group




19                          29                            65                           145
Meeting the needs of        Bringing our values to life   Environmental                Other information
older Australians                                         conservation




                            33                            67
                            Diversity Report              Social equity                     DIRECTORY




                            41                            69                           146
                            Corporate governance          Economic prosperity          Directory
Chair’s Report
Nā te Kaiwhakahaere Poari




GEOFFRE Y RICKET TS
Chair of the Board




Throughout the year, the effects of COVID-19 continued to prove challenging for
many and changed the environment in which we are operating. On behalf of the
Board, I am pleased to report that Heartland and its subsidiaries (the Group),
and its customers, continued to respond well to the economic impacts of the
pandemic.

Heartland achieved a net profit after tax (NPAT) of $87.0 million for the
financial year ended 30 June 2021 (FY2021). This was an increase of $15.1
million (20.9%) compared with the financial year ended 30 June 2020 (FY2020).
On an underlying basis1 (which excluded the impacts of one-offs), FY2021
NPAT was $87.9 million, an increase of $11.0 million (14.3%) compared with the
FY2020 underlying NPAT. 2




5 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
Doing the right thing for customers                                         Changes to the CCCFA will now come into effect on 1
                                                                            December 2021. The changes touch on a number of
Heartland’s commitment to doing the right thing for
                                                                            aspects of Heartland Bank’s processes for promotion,
its customers is reflected in the social impact of its
                                                                            origination and fulfilment for its consumer loans. The
products, the way in which it conducts its business, and
                                                                            liability regime for directors and senior managers will
in one of its core values ‘Mahi tika’ – do the right thing.
                                                                            also be substantially strengthened. Heartland has
                                                                            used these changes as an opportunity to implement
Through FY2021, Heartland was pleased to meet a
                                                                            technologies that will allow it to carry out the new
significant milestone – having helped more than 40,000
                                                                            inquiries required of it in a way that is as user-friendly
older New Zealanders and Australians to live a more
                                                                            as possible for customers, while reducing the cost to
comfortable retirement by releasing equity from their
                                                                            serve.
homes with a Heartland Reverse Mortgage.
                                                                            Also related to Heartland Bank, the Deposit Takers
Through the year, Heartland continued to support its
                                                                            Act is being developed to strengthen the regulatory
customers affected by the impacts of COVID-19. This
                                                                            framework for all institutions that take deposits, and to
included providing more than 150 business customers
                                                                            introduce a new deposit insurance scheme, overseen by
with access to the New Zealand Government’s Business
                                                                            the RBNZ. An exposure draft of the Act is expected to
Finance Guarantee Scheme, and lending more than
                                                                            be available for submission later this year.
$188 million through its Heartland Extend product for
consumer and business customers needing flexibility
                                                                            Australia’s new Design and Distribution Obligations
with their repayments.
                                                                            come into force on 5 October 2021. To ensure
                                                                            compliance, Australian Seniors Finance Pty Ltd must
Like those presented through COVID-19, Heartland
                                                                            prepare ‘Target Market Determinations’ for its Reverse
is conscious that vulnerabilities come in various
                                                                            Mortgage and Well-Life Loan products, and review its
forms, and many of its customers may be facing such
                                                                            existing processes in relation to marketing, third-party
vulnerabilities whilst applying for finance. Numerous
                                                                            distribution, record keeping, and ongoing monitoring
processes are in place to support customer needs and
                                                                            and assurance activities. Heartland is on track to
deliver good customer outcomes, such as the provision
                                                                            implement the changes required to comply with the
of cooling off periods for some products, customer
                                                                            obligations before the commencement date.
feedback and complaint management processes, and
employee training to identify and respond to elder
                                                                            The RBNZ’s new Banking Prudential Requirements
financial abuse.
                                                                            (BPRs) also come into force from October 2021, with
                                                                            the main changes relating to restrictions on dividends
Heartland Bank Limited (Heartland Bank) recently
                                                                            as capital buffer requirements for banks are increased,
become a Hearing Accredited Workplace to better
                                                                            guidance on likely supervisory action in response
support customers who are deaf or hard of hearing.
                                                                            to buffer breach, requirements for new financial
In FY2021, Heartland also completed its Conduct and
                                                                            instruments that can qualify for bank capital, and a new
Culture Work Plan, aimed at maintaining good conduct
                                                                            notification process relating to bank capital instruments.
and culture in everything it does. You can read more
                                                                            Requirements for increases in capital will be phased in
about this and Heartland’s social equity activity on
                                                                            over a seven-year period, starting from 1 July 2022.
page 67.

                                                                            Heartland in the community
Regulatory update
                                                                            Through the Heartland Trust3, Heartland is pleased
There are various upcoming regulatory changes relating
                                                                            to have the opportunity to make a positive impact in
to banks which will impact on the Group. Among these,
                                                                            the communities in which it operates. During the year,
key changes include those to New Zealand’s Credit
                                                                            the Heartland Trust made grants totalling $448,183
Contracts and Consumer Finance Act 2003 and the
                                                                            to support our communities, including in the areas of
Credit Contracts and Consumer Finance Regulations
                                                                            education, sport and wellbeing.
2004 (CCCFA), the proposed Deposit Takers Bill,
the Reserve Bank of New Zealand (RBNZ) capital
implementation review, and Australia’s new Design and
Distribution Obligations.




1
    Underlying results exclude the impacts of one-offs. Refer to page 72 for details about FY2021 one-offs. A detailed reconciliation between
    reported and underlying financial information is set out in Heartland's FY2021 investor presentation available at shareholders.heartland.co.nz.
2
    All comparative results are based on the audited full year consolidated financial statements of the Group for FY2020.
3
    The Heartland Trust is a registered charitable trust which is independent from, but closely supported by, Heartland and Heartland Bank.



                                                                                                                                                 6
Through FY2020 and part of FY2021, many of the               Heartland is pleased to be able to continue to
organisations and groups the Heartland Trust supports        deliver shareholder return notwithstanding dividend
were impacted by COVID-19 lockdowns, with events             restrictions imposed by the RBNZ on distributions by
and sport unable to go ahead. It has been fantastic          banks in New Zealand. Total shareholder return (TSR)
to see rugby teams returning to the field, scholarship       was 107.2% for the five-year period 20 August 2016 –
recipients able to connect with their cohort in person,      20 August 2021, compared with TSR of 81.9% for the
and festivals run as planned.                                NZX50. This is an excellent result for our shareholders.

The Heartland Trust was pleased to this year support
                                                             Outlook
Men’s Health Week and continue its support of the
InZone Education Foundation, the Kupe Leadership             The Board has been pleased with the way in which
Scholarship, the Auckland Writers Festival, WORD             Heartland and its customers have responded to
Christchurch Festival, and both boys’ and girls’ 1st XV      the effects of COVID-19. The Board is confident
rugby. You can read more about the activities of the         in Heartland’s ability to deliver strong growth and
Heartland Trust on page 67 of this Annual Report.            profitability as it continues to deliver against its strategy
                                                             to provide frictionless service at the lowest cost –
                                                             reducing Heartland's cost to income (CTI) ratio and
Board changes
                                                             passing the benefits on to customers through lower
On 12 March 2021, Ellen Comerford resigned from              pricing.
her directorship of Heartland Bank. Ellen joined the
Heartland Bank Board in January 2017, and remains            Noting uncertainties associated with the ongoing
a valued director of the Heartland Group Board and           impacts of COVID-19, Heartland expects its NPAT for
Chair of the Heartland Audit and Risk Committee.             the year ending 30 June 2022 (FY2022) to be in the
Ellen’s retirement from the Heartland Bank Board             range of $93 million to $96 million.
reflects the maturing of the organisational structure
within the Group.                                            On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this
                                                             opportunity to acknowledge the continued support of
The Board intends to appoint Geoff Summerhayes               our shareholders and to thank our Heartland whānau
and Kate Mitchell as directors of the Heartland Board,       for their efforts this year.
effective 1 October 2021.

Geoff Summerhayes is a professional director and
senior advisor, with extensive commercial and
regulatory experience across a wide range of sectors
including banking, insurance and financial services
prudential regulation. Geoff is recognised as a global
leader on climate change financial risk through his          Geoffrey Ricketts
regulatory work at the Australian Prudential Regulatory      Chair of the Board
Authority, the International Association of Insurance
Supervisors and the UN Environment Programme where
he chaired the Sustainable Insurance Forum. Heartland
is pleased to boost its director capability with Geoff's
commercial and regulatory experience.

Kate Mitchell has been a director of Heartland Bank
since March 2019. Kate will continue in that role and will
bring her considerable banking and finance experience
directly to the Heartland Board.


Dividend
The Board resolved to pay a fully imputed final dividend
of 7.0 cents per share on Wednesday 15 September
2021 to all shareholders on Heartland’s register at
5.00pm NZST on Wednesday 1 September 2021.
Together with the interim dividend of 4.0 cents per
share, the total dividend for the year was 11.0 cents per
share (4.0 cents per share up from FY2020).




7 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
8
Chief Executive Officer’s Report
Na te Kaiwhakahaere Matua




JEFF GREENSL ADE
Chief Executive Officer




The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic continue to be experienced in New Zealand
and Australia. Subdued growth in the first half of FY2021 (1H2021) reflected
reduced confidence brought about by the pandemic. However, in the second half
(2H2021), confidence returned which saw higher ‘business as usual’ growth in core
lending portfolios, enabling Heartland to achieve a strong financial result for FY2021.



Kei te tukituki tonu te urutā imurangi-19 i Aotearoa me Ahitereiria. I te
whakaata te hekenga o te tupuranga ahumoni i te weherua tuatahi o te tau
ahumoni (TAm)2021(1H2021) i te hekenga o te titikaha o te mākete i puta
ake i te urutā. Heoti i te weherua tuarua (2H2021), i piki anō te titikaha i
piki ai hoki te tupuranga 'kaipakihi māori' o ngā kōpaki nama matua. Koinā
i tatū ai i a Heartland te putanga ahumoni pakari i te TA2021.




9 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
In addition, significant progress was made during the      accessed by mobile phone). This technology has
year towards strategic goals in digitalisation.            allowed Heartland to extend its reach and manufacture
                                                           scale, reflected in lower onboarding costs.
NPAT for FY2021 was $87.0 million, up 20.9% ($15.1
million) on FY2020.1 On an underlying basis, NPAT was      These points of differentiation will give Heartland a
$87.9 million, up 14.3% ($11.0 million) on FY2020.2        sustainable base for growth and profitability.
Gross finance receivables (Receivables)3 continued
to grow to $5.0 billion, up 8.0% ($371.8 million)4 on
                                                           Areas of focus
FY2020.
                                                           There are four elements underpinning Heartland’s
The year also marked a significant 10-year milestone       strategic positioning:
for Heartland. In 2011, CBS Canterbury, Marac Finance
                                                           1. Business as Usual Growth
and Southern Cross Building Society – and later, PGG
Wrightson Finance – came together to form Heartland        2. Frictionless Service at the Lowest Cost
New Zealand. This was followed by Heartland listing on     3. Expansion in Australia
the NZX Main Board.
                                                           4. Acquisitions.

Strategic Positioning
Throughout its history, Heartland’s point of               1
                                                               All comparative results are based on the audited full year
differentiation has been based on best or only products.       consolidated financial statements of the Group for FY2020.
Examples of best or only products include Reverse          2
                                                               Underlying results exclude the impacts of one-offs.
Mortgages and Motor loans amongst others. Recently,        3
                                                               Receivables include Reverse Mortgages.
the advent of digitalisation has allowed Heartland to      4
                                                               Excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange
offer these products via online platforms (typically           (FX) rates.




Me te mea hoki, kua kaha te ahunga whakamua i taua         a Heartland te tukutuku atu i aua hua nei ki ngā pae
tau nei ki ngā whāinga rautaki o te whakamamati.           ipurangi (ā, mā ngā waea atamai hoki). Na te hangarau
                                                           nei i roa ake ai te toronga atu, i nui ake ai hoki te
Kua $87.0 miriona te THRi (tahua huamoni rauiti) o         taumata whakaputaputa, na, kua whakaatahia ki te
te TAm2021, he pikinga 20.9% ($15.1 miriona) no te         hekenga o ngā utu i te whakarewanga.
TAm2020. Hei matapae taketake, ka $87.9 million te
THRi, he pikinga 14.3% ($11.0 miriona) no te TAm2020.      Mā aua hanga motuhake e mau ai a Heartland ki te
I te tupu tonu ngā nama ahumoni raunui (Nama) ki te        apataki toitū e pai ai te tupuranga me te huamoni.
$5.0 piriona, he pikinga 8.0% ($371.8 miriona) no te
TAm2020.
                                                           Wāhanga arotahi
I tohu hoki taua tau nei i te houanga whakahirahira        E whā ngā wāhanga e ārahi ana i te whakanōhanga
10-tau nei o Heartland. I te tau 2011, i hono tahi a CBS   rautaki a Heartland:
Canterbury, a Marac Finance, a Southern Cross Building
                                                           1. Tupuranga hei Kaipakihi Māori
Society – ā, no muri mai hoki a PGG Wrightson Finance
– kia puta ake ai a Heartland Aotearoa. I whāia taua       2. Ratonga Pāpākore ki te Utu Iti Rawa
hononga tahitanga ki te urunga atu o Heartland ki te
                                                           3. Whakarahinga atu i Ahitereiria
rārangi kamupene o te Poari Matua o te Paehoko
o Aotearoa (NZX Main Board).                               4. Whiwhinga.


Whakanōhanga Rautaki
No te tīmatanga rānō, ko tō Heartland hanga motuhake
                                                           1
                                                               E ahu ana putanga whakariterite katoa i ngā arotakenga o ngā
ko te piri ki ngā hua papai me ngā hua taratahi. Hei
                                                               tauākī ahumoni tōpū o Te Hono o te katoa o te TAm2020.
tauira o aua hua nei, ko ngā Mōkete Tauaro, ko ngā         2
                                                               Kāore te tukinga pā tahi i waenga i ngā putanga taketake.
Mōkete Waka, ā, ko ētahi atu hoki. Nōnākuanei, no          3
                                                               He nama hoki ngā Mōkete Tauaro.
te whakarewa i ngā mahi whakamamati, kua tatū i            4
                                                               I tua atu i te pānga o ngā rerenga kētanga o ngā taumata
                                                               tauhokohoko moni nō tāwāhi (FX).




                                                                                                                              10
Business as Usual Growth                                   Further information about the financial performance of
                                                           Heartland’s lending portfolios, and funding activity, is
Through FY2021, core lending portfolios continued to
                                                           set out in ‘Financial commentary’ on page 71.
perform well. Significant growth came in particular from
Asset Finance5 (Receivables up 14.4% to $570.9 million)
and Motor (Receivables up 14.9% to $1,293.7 million).      Frictionless Service at the Lowest Cost
New Zealand Reverse Mortgages experienced a record         The digitalisation process began with the front-end
year for new business (up 30.4% from FY2020), while        – the customer facing platforms. These platforms,
Australian Reverse Mortgages grew 9.5%6 and its loan       accessible via mobile phone, laptop and desktop,
book surpassed $1 billion.                                 provide reach beyond the constraints of physical
                                                           distribution.
The Motor dealer book contributed strongly to growth
via car dealerships, brokers and partnerships such as      Online access to Heartland's products ranges from
Kia Finance and Jaguar/Land Rover Financial Services.      small business working capital (Open for Business),
This is expected to continue through FY2022 as             to Deposits, Home Loans and Sheep & Beef Direct
relationships with dealers, brokers and vehicle brands     farm loans amongst others. The platforms are now
are strengthened.                                          integrated into business units as the prime means of
                                                           distribution. The next stage of digitalisation is aimed at
Whilst in their infancy, digital platforms for Home
                                                           creating scale through automation and self-service (via
Loans and Sheep & Beef Direct performed well. Strong
                                                           a mobile app). This removes ‘friction’, i.e. processes that
application rates for the Home Loans platform followed
                                                           cause customer inconvenience and delay.
its launch with enquiries at 30 June 2021 totalling
$895.2 million, with more than $200 million approved.      Frictionless service at each stage of the customer’s
Sheep & Beef Direct had, as of August 2021, online         journey not only enhances the customer experience,
applications totalling $48.0 million, with $40.5 million   it also removes costly processes. This produces a
approved online and $30.4 million drawn down.              virtuous circle of better service and reduced costs,




Tupuranga Kaipakihi Māori                                  i whakaaetia. Na, kua tangohia te $30.4 miriona o aua
                                                           whakaaetanga
Huri noa i te TAm2021, i te pakari tonu ngā kōpaki
nama matua. He pakari rawa te tupuranga i ahu mai i        Kei 'Whakawākanga ahumoni', kei te whārangi 71, ngā
te Ahumoni Rawa (he pikinga 14.4% nō ngā Nama ki           kōrero kē atu o te pakari o ngā kōpaki tukutuku pūtea o
te $570.9 miriona) me ngā Mōkete Waka (he pikinga          Heartland me ngā nekenekehanga tahua.
14.9% nō ngā Nama ki te $1,293.7 miriona). He tau
tiketike rawa mo te kaipakihi hou o ngā Mōkete Tauaro
i Aotearoa (he pikinga 30.4% no te TAm2020). Me te         Ratonga Pāpākore ki te Utu Iti Rawa
mea hoki, he pikinga 9.5% nō ngā Mōkete Tauaro o           I tīmata te pūnaha whakamamati ki te pito tōmua – ki te
Ahitereiria, ā, ka taha atu te pukapuka nama i te $1       kiritaki e aro atu ana ki ngā pae mamati. Ratorato atu ai
piriona.                                                   aua pae nei – aua pae tonu e taea ai i ngā waea atamai,
                                                           i ngā rorohiko harihari, i ngā rorohiko tau tēpū – ki tua
He taikaha te taunaki o te pukapuka kaihoko Waka i te      atu o ngā tepe o te ratonga kikokiko.
tupuranga o ngā kamupene, o ngā kaiwhakariterite, o
ngā hononga e hokohokona ai ngā waka, he pērā i a Kia      Ahu ai ngā ratonga ā-ipurangi o ngā putanga a
Finance me Jaguar/Land Rover Financial Services. Ko te     Heartland i te tahua whakamahi mā ngā kaipakihi ririki
āhua nei, ka tupu tonu i te roanga o te TAm2022 i runga    (Tuhera ki te Kaipakihi - Open for Business) ki Moni
i te kahanga ake o te piringa atu ki ngā kaihoko, ki ngā   Punga (Deposits), ki Tukurewa Kāinga (Home Loans),
kaiwhakarite, ki ngā waitohu waka.                         ki ngā tukurewa pāmu, ko Hipi & Pīwhi Tōtika (Sheep &
                                                           Beef Direct), ā, ki ētahi atu. Kua whakariteritea ngā pae
Ahakoa te kānewhatanga, kua kaha ngā pae mamati            hei tūtahinga kaipakihi, hei ratonga tohatoha matua
o Home Loans me Sheep & Beef Direct. Kua maha ngā          hoki. E aro atu ana te wāhanga whakamamati e whai
tono ki te pae o Home Loans i muri i te whakarewanga       ake nei ki te hanga rahinga ki te whakaaunoa me te rato
atu, ā, ka $895.2 miriona te ritenga o ngā tono, ā, ka     ā-kiriaro (ki te taupānga harihari). Ka ngaro te 'pāpā' i
taha atu ngā whakaaetanga i te $200 miriona. No te         reira, arā, i ngā pūnaha e raruraru ai, e takaroa ai hoki
Akuhata 2021, kua $4.8 miriona te ritenga o ngā tono ki    te kiritaki.
Sheep & Beef Direct, ā, kua $40.5 miriona tō ngā tono




11 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                                                   CH I E F E X ECU T I V E O F F I CE R ’ S R E P O R T




allowing Heartland to provide customers with better             Acquisitions
value through lower rates or time-savings. The Home
                                                                Where there is a fit with Heartland’s strategic vision
Loans platform launched during the year shows what is
                                                                and the opportunity to add value, acquisitions will be
possible. By transacting online, Heartland was able to
                                                                explored. There is currently nothing to report on, but as
offer market-leading rates.
                                                                a means of adding scale or technology, Heartland will
                                                                remain open to acquisitions.
Expansion in Australia
Growth in Australia is a key strategic priority for             COVID-19
Heartland.
                                                                Heartland’s COVID-19 economic overlay of $9.6 million
                                                                pre-tax, taken in respect of FY2020, remains unutilised.
Market share in Reverse Mortgages Australia continued
                                                                The overlay does not represent any actual losses, but
to increase, from 26% in March 20207, to 29% in March
                                                                was taken to provide a buffer against any future losses
2021. 8 Research by the Royal Melbourne Institute of
                                                                that the uncertainty of COVID-19 may give rise to.
Technology University, supported by Heartland, found
that 90% of Australians wish to age in their homes,
but that limited superannuation and the rising cost of
living is restricting their ability to do so. 9 This research
                                                                5
                                                                    Previously referred to as Business Intermediated.
shows there is substantial opportunity for Heartland to
                                                                6
                                                                    Excluding the impact of changes in FX rates.
support a greater number of older Australians to live the       7
                                                                    Based on APRA ADI Property Exposure and Heartland Reverse
retirement they deserve. See page 19.                               Mortgages data as at 31 March 2020.
                                                                8
                                                                    Based on APRA ADI Property Exposure and Heartland Reverse
Expansion both through existing relationships with                  Mortgages data as at 31 March 2021.
intermediaries and directly in the Small Business and           9
                                                                    Reverse mortgages: Financing ageing in place, Royal Melbourne
Consumer segments is also being explored.                           Institute of Technology (RMIT) University, cur.org.au/cms/wp-
                                                                    content/uploads/2020/11/financing-ageing-in-place.pdf.




Ehara i te mea ko te wheako anahe o te kiritaki i tērā          Kei te torotoro hoki i ngā huarahi e rahi atu ai ngā
tūāoma, i tērā tūāoma o ngā mahi e pai ake ai te                hononga ki ngā takawaenga me ngā hononga torotika ki
ratonga pāpākore, ka tangohia hoki ngā pūnaha utu nui.          ngā tūtanga o ngā Kaipakihi Ririki me ngā Kaihokohoko.
Ka puta ake he huarahi ngāwari e pai ake ai te ratonga,
e heke iho ai te utu. Hei reira tatū ai i a Heartland te        Whiwhinga
ratorato i te wāriu pai ake ki ngā kiritaki nā ngā utu iti
iho rānei, na te penapena rānei o te wā. Kua whakaatu           Ina kitea he mea e hāngai ana ki ngā whāinga rautaki
te pae Home Loans i whakarewaina i te tau nei i ngā             a Heartland, me te huarahi e pai atu ai te kounga,
hua ka taea. Na te mahi ā-ipurangi, i āhei ai a Heartland       ka torotorongia atu hei whiwhinga. Kāore he aha hei
ki te tuku i ngā utu papai o te mākete.                         pūrongo i tēnei wā, engari hei huarahi e tupu ai, e
                                                                whai hangarau ai, ka tuhera tonu a Heartland ki ngā
                                                                whiwhinga hou.
Whakarahinga atu i Ahitereiria
                                                                Imurangi-19
He whāinga rautaki matua nā Heartland te tupuranga i
Ahitereiria.                                                    Kāore anō tā Heartland paparua ohaoha o te $9.6
                                                                miriona i mua i te tāke mo te imurangi-19, mo te
I piki tonu te wāhanga mākete o ngā Mōkete Tauaro               TAm2020, kia whakamahia. Kāore hoki te paparua i te
o Ahitereiria i te 26% i Maehe 20207 ki te 29% i Maehe          tohu i ngā ngaromanga tūturu, engari i whakaritea hei
2021. 8 Ka kitea i ngā rangahau a Te Whare Wānanga
o te Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology, me
te tautoko a Heartland, kua 90% o ngā tāngata o                 5
                                                                    Kiia tōmuatia ai hei Kaipakihi Whai Takawaenga.
Ahitereiria e hiahia ana kia kaumātua i roto i ō rātou          6
                                                                    I tua atu o ngā tukinga o ngā rerenga kētanga o ngā taupāpātanga FX.
ake kāinga, engari kua raruraru aua hiahia i te iti o te        7
                                                                    E ahu ana i ngā raraunga o te APRA ADI Property Exposure me
penihana me te nui o te utu whai oranga. E whakaatu                 Heartland Mōkete Tauaro i te 31 Maehe 2020.
ana ngā rangahau nei i te huarahi e tautoko ai a                8
                                                                    E ahu ana i ngā raraunga o te APRA ADI Property Exposure me
Heartland kia tokomaha atu ngā kaumātua o Ahitereiria               Heartland Mōkete Tauaro i te 31 Maehe 2021.
e whai ai i te tāokinga e tika ana. Tirohia te whārangi 19.     9
                                                                    Mōkete Tauaro: Te moni e kaumātua ai i te kāinga, Royal Melbourne
                                                                    Institute of Technology (RMIT) University, cur.org.au/cms/wp-content/
                                                                    uploads/2020/11/financing-ageing-in-place.pdf.



                                                                                                                                      12
Caution continues to be warranted, evidenced by the         strategy which supports more equitable recruitment
recent lockdowns in New Zealand and Australia. In           and selection outcomes. The Manawa Ako internship
addition, there remains the ongoing uncertainty arising     intake for 2020/2021 welcomed 45 participants, up
from supply-chain restrictions, border closures, and the    from 34 in 2019/2020. This programme was established
prospect of rising inflation. Despite, to date, absorbing   to provide opportunities for rangatahi, and to provide
any direct impacts of the pandemic within business as       learnings on making Heartland a more welcoming
usual impairments, a release of the COVID-19 economic       working environment.
overlay is not considered appropriate and it has been
retained in full.                                           Read more about Heartland's progress in the Diversity
                                                            Report on page 33.

He manawa tangata – our people
                                                            This year, Heartland announced an ambitious
I want to acknowledge that it has been 10 years since       Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions reduction target
Heartland lost four of its Marac Finance colleagues in      and made progress towards the reduction of its vehicle
the Christchurch earthquakes on 22 February 2011.           fleet (reducing by 7% in FY2021) as it transitions
Me maumahara tonu tātou ki a rātou – let us always          to a primarily hybrid and electric fleet. Heartland’s
remember them.                                              sustainability initiatives are well underway and aligned
                                                            closely with digitalisation goals. This is outlined in
The Heartland people have shown resilience and have         ‘Our sustainability journey’ on page 63.
worked hard throughout the year to achieve results.
Heartland’s commitment to diversity and building a
                                                            Looking forward
culture of inclusion continues. Key activity in FY2021
included the establishment of Kainga Pasifika, a new        Looking to the year ahead, Heartland remains
internal committee to represent Pasifika employees,         committed to supporting customers as we continue to
and development of the Iho Pūmanawa recruitment             operate in a COVID-19 environment.




whakaruruhau i ngā ngaromanga o muri atu nei ka puta        taritari kaimahi, ko te Iho Pūmanawa, hei tautoko i
i te hanga tītahataha o te imurangi-19.                     ngā tikanga e tairite atu ai ngā hua o te taritari me te
                                                            whiriwhiri kaimahi. I whakatau atu a Manawa Ako i
He tika tonu te whakatūpato i ngā rāhui nōnākuanui          ngā pia e 45 i te tau 2020/2021, he pikinga ake i te 34
i Aotearoa me Ahitereiria. Hei tāpiritanga atu, e mau       o te tau 2019/2020. I whakatūngia te hōtaka nei hei
tonu ana te mānukahuka i ngā whatinga taura rawa, i         whakaatu i ngā huarahi ki te rangatahi, hei whakaatu
ngā katinga rohe, i te takutaku o te tāminga ahumoni.       hoki i ngā tikanga e pai atu ai a Heartland ki te
Ahakoa ngā tikanga mohoa ake nei, ehara rawa i te tika      whakarite i te taiao mahi whakahuihui tangata.
te pēhi i ngā tukinga ka ahu hāngai mai i te urutā hei
kaipakihi māori. Nō reira, kua kore te whakaaro e tika      Kei te whārangi 33 te pūrongo hanga huhua e nui atu
ana te tuku i ngā moni o te paparua ohaoha. Āna, kua        ana ngā kōrero mo te ahunga whakamua o Heartland.
puritia te katoa.
                                                            No te tau nei, pānui ai a Heartland i te whāinga
                                                            whakatoatoa e heke ai ngā whakaputanga hau
He manawa tangata – ō tātou tāngata
                                                            kati mahana (GNG). Kua ahu whakamua hoki te
E hiahia ana ahau ki te whākī atu, kua taha atu te 10       whakahekenga o ngā waka (he hekenga 7% no te
tau i te whakangaromanga atu o ngā hoa tokowhā o            TAm2021), e tahuri atu ai ki te kahupapa e nui ana ngā
Marac Finance i ngā rū whenua o Ōtautahi i te 22 o          waka hanumi, waka hiko. Kua kōkiritia ngā whāinga
Pepuere 2011. Me maumahara tonu tātou ki a rātou –          twhakaukauka hei tīaroarotanga ki ngā whāinga
kei wareware i a tātou.                                     whakamamati. Kei te pūrongo 'Tō mātou hinonga
                                                            whakaukauka', kei te whārangi 63.
Kua manawanui, kua pukumahi ngā tāngata o
Heartland i te roanga o te tau, kia puta tonu ai ngā hua.
                                                            Titiro whakamua
E mau tonu ana te ū o Heartland ki ngā hanga huhua
me te waihanga i te ahurea whakahuihui tangata. Ko          Hei te tau e haere mai nei, ka ū tonu a Heartland ki te
ētahi o ngā tino mahi i te TAm2021, ko te whakatū i te      tautoko i ngā kiritaki i a tātou e mahi ana i raro i ngā
Kāinga Pasifika, he kōmiti rāroto hou hei māngai mō         āhuatanga o te imurangi-19.
ngā kaimahi Pasifika, me te whakawhanake i te rautaki




13 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                                               CH I E F E X ECU T I V E O F F I CE R ’ S R E P O R T




The growth momentum seen in the second half of                 I would like to thank our Heartland whānau for living our
2021 may be impacted to some extent by the recent              mātāpono (values) throughout the year, and also wish
lockdown in New Zealand, but past experience                   to thank our shareholders for their continued support of
suggests that a period of ‘catch up’ borrowing may             Heartland.
occur.
                                                               Ngā mihi nui,
It should be noted that higher growth in Reverse
Mortgages, Home Loans and Harmoney (post adoption
of an on-balance sheet model) will result in net interest
margin contracting. However this will also drive an
offsetting benefit of reduced impairment expenses,
reflecting improved quality of the lending portfolio.

Our digitalisation programme continues, focusing on            Jeff Greenslade
removing customer friction through automation and              Chief Executive Officer
increasing the ability for customers to self-serve via the
Heartland Mobile App. Longer term, we aim for this to
flow through to reduction in the cost to income ratio,
enabling Heartland to enjoy competitive advantage.

Work will continue towards Heartland’s Environmental,
Social and Governance strategy, as well as in our
diversity initiatives, to foster an environment that is
welcoming and inclusive of all people.




Tērā pea ka tukia te ānga tuputupu o te weherua                Ko tāku nei, ko te whakamihi i te whānau o Heartland e
tuarua o te tau 2021 e te rāhui i Aotearoa nōnākuanui,         whakatinana mai rā i ō tātou mātāpono i te roanga o te
engari, e ai ki ngā kitenga o mua atu, ka pupū ake he wā       tau nei, ā, ka whakamihi hoki i te hunga whai pānga e
whaiwhai noa o te tonotono pūtea.                              tautoko tonu mai ana i a Heartland.

Me mōhio hoki, ma te pikinga o te tupuranga o ngā              Ngā mihi nunui,
Mōkete Tauaro, o Home Loans, o Harmoney (te whai
tōmuri nei i te tauira ripanga tairite), e heke ai te paenga
huamoni rauiti (NIM). Engari, mā reira hoki e āia ai
te hua whakakorekore i te nui o ngā utu ruharuha, ā,
ka whakaatahia i te pikinga o te kounga o te kōpaki
tukutuku pūtea.
                                                               Jeff Greenslade
Kei te tupu tonu te hōtaka whakamamati, me te                  Kaiwhakahaere Matua
arotahi ki te whakakore i te pāpā mai o ngā kiritaki i
te whakawhānui i te whakaaunoa me te āheinga o
ngā kiritaki ki te whai ratonga i te taupānga Heartland
Mobile. Hei te roanga atu, e ngana ana mātou kia kitea
ngā painga i te taupāpātanga o te tōpūtanga rorohiko
(CTI), ā, hei reira rēhia ai a Heartland i te huanga
whakataetae.

Ka whai tonu i ngā mahi o te rautaki taiao, hapori,
kāwana o Heartland. Waihoki ngā whāinga hanga
huhua, hei poipoi i te taiao aumihi, whakahuihui
tangata.




                                                                                                                                14
2021 results at a glance
Ka kaperua ki ngā putanga o 2021

G R O S S F I N A N C E R E C E I VA B L E S




         5.0 billion
FY20 $4.6b



RETURN ON EQUIT Y                                         NE T INTERES T MARGIN




11.9                            %

Underlying return on equity 12.0%
FY20 10.5%
                                                          4.35
                                                          FY20 4.33%
                                                                                              %

                                                          Consistently higher than banking peers1
FY20 underlying return on equity 11.1%




EARNINGS PER SHARE                                        FINAL DIVIDEND DECL ARED




14.9                                  cents
                                      per share
Underlying earnings per share 15.1 cents per share
FY20 12.5 cents per share
                                                          7.0
                                                          FY20 2.5 cents per share
                                                                                      cents
                                                                                      per share



FY20 underlying earnings per share 13.3 cents per share


                                                          TOTA L DI V I DEN D FOR T H E Y E A R




                                                          11.0
                                                          FY20 7.0 cents per share
                                                                                          cents
                                                                                          per share




15 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
N E T P R O F I T A F T E R TA X




           87.0 million
Underlying net profit after tax $87.9m                        FY20 $72.0m FY20 underlying net profit after tax $76.9m


                                                                                                                         87.0
     H1       H2


                                                                     73.6
                                                                                               72.0
                                            67.5
                                                                                                                        42.9        Five-year
                   60.8                                                                                                             CAGR2
                                                                                                                                    9.9%
                                                                                               32.1
                                                                     40.5
                                           36.4
                   31.7


                                                                                                                        44.1
                                                                                               39.9
                                           31.1                      33.1
                   29.1




                   FY17                    FY18                      FY19                      FY20                      FY21




C A N S TA R S AV I N G S B A N K O F T H E Y E A R                              AWA R D -W I N N I N G R E V E R S E M O R TG AG E




Heartland Bank awarded Canstar’s 2021 Bank of                                  Australian Reverse Mortgages awarded
the Year – Savings Award (fourth consecutive year),                            Your Mortgage Magazine’s 5-Star Lender Award and
and 5-Star Ratings for Outstanding Value for Direct                            InfoChoice’s Best Reverse Mortgage Award
Call and YouChoose accounts



1
    KPMG FIPS Report March 2021.
2
    Compound annual growth rate (CAGR) for the five years from FY2017-FY2021.
Note: Underlying results exclude the impacts of one-offs. FY2021 one-off items had a $0.8 million net impact on NPAT, consisting of $4.1 million
of one-off net gains and $6.9 million of one-off expenses (net of tax). For more detail about FY2021 one-off items, go to page 72. FY2020 one-
off items had a $4.9 million net impact on NPAT, consisting of $5.5 million of one-off income, $3.6 million of one-off expenses and a $9.6 million
economic overlay due to COVID-19 (net of tax).



                                                                                                                                               16
Digital Home Loans disrupt
the market
Ka ihiihi te mākete i ngā pūtea
taurewa ā-whare mamati

The launch of Heartland Home Loans                           In proving the effectiveness of a ‘do-it-yourself’ digital
                                                             application, the Home Loans launch paved the way for
In October 2020, Heartland entered the residential
                                                             Heartland to build digital application processes for a
mortgage market with the lowest fixed term rates
                                                             number of other lending products, such as vehicle loans
New Zealand had seen in decades. Unlike some
                                                             and Sheep & Beef Direct rural loans.
other lenders in the market with low or special rates,
Heartland’s strategy for offering market-leading
                                                             Heartland’s digital platform for mortgages incorporates
rates did not involve the RBNZ Funding for Lending
                                                             an automated application and approval process, the
Programme. Instead, low interest rates were the
                                                             benefits of which can be passed on to customers in
result of our self-serve, digital application process
                                                             the form of lower prices. This provides the opportunity
which significantly reduces the cost of onboarding for
                                                             to compete against the big lenders. Heartland’s online
Heartland and provides customers with a fast and
                                                             Home Loans application can be completed in minutes,
convenient online application.
                                                             with an average turnaround time of less than three
                                                             working days. The eligibility criteria that Heartland
The October launch followed a successful trial in March
                                                             applies aims at simple, high quality leads that facilitates
2020, which determined there was appetite in the
                                                             automation and a faster approval process.
market for an online mortgage application process –
one where customers could apply and receive approval
without needing to speak to a mortgage manager or            New technologies open opportunities
visit a bank. Throughout the rest of FY2021, Heartland       for the future
Home Loans continued to make waves in the residential        Heartland is focused on enhancing its digital
mortgage market with the addition of the country’s           platforms and applications to continue to provide
then lowest revolving credit home loan rate, as well as      customers with a frictionless service at each stage
multiple fixed and floating rate drops.                      of their customer journey. We will be embedding
                                                             property database checks into the online application
Heartland’s competitive advantage has historically lain
                                                             to automate the eligibility verification of the
in providing best or only products, which has allowed it
                                                             customer’s property.
to target niche markets. Our re-entry into the residential
mortgage market signified the extension of Heartland’s       In addition, as part of our response to the upcoming
strategy to providing best or only products through          changes to the CCCFA, we are using bank scraping
scalable digital platforms.                                  technology to assist with verifying customer income,
                                                             debts and expenses for our consumer loans. Heartland
Taking mortgage applications digital                         is using this regulatory change as an opportunity
                                                             to implement technologies that will accelerate the
Heartland’s aim is to create a frictionless experience –
                                                             digitalisation of our business and cut down the cost to
‘friction’ is all the things that keep customers waiting.
                                                             serve.
At the same time, friction is costly. Investing in
automation and self-service applications leads to            We are excited to continue disrupting the residential
better service at a lower cost.                              mortgage market through our digital processes and
                                                             competitive rates, into FY2022 and beyond.




17 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
            Home Loans successes in FY2021
            The Heartland Home Loans platform has continued to evolve throughout FY2021.




$895.2 million                                                                          total value of
                                                                                        online enquiries




$200m+                                              approved from FY2021 applications




9,489                                 19          minutes                   2.7            working days

online applications received          average time for customers to         average time for Heartland to verify
                                      complete the online application       an online approval




3                                     3
loan calculators to help              market-leading interest rates
customers self-serve                  (as at 30 June 2021)




                                                                                                              18
Meeting the needs of
older Australians
Te whakatutuki i ngā hiahia
o ngā kaumātua o Ahitereiria

A comfortable retirement out of reach for                                 that living a modest, let alone comfortable, lifestyle is
many                                                                      often not possible on the pension alone. It is clear to see
                                                                          from these figures that additional financial support is
The global population is ageing.1 In Australia, the
                                                                          needed to allow this age group to live more comfortably
proportion of those aged 65 and over increased from
                                                                          in retirement.
12.4% in 2000 to 16.3% in 2020 – this is expected to
grow as more baby boomers (people born between
1946 and 1964) turn 65.2                                                  Increased financial support is needed
                                                                          Recent research and the 2021 Australian Federal
However, managing the cost of retirement is becoming
                                                                          Budget reinforce the need for increased financial
increasingly challenging. While more people are
                                                                          options. In May 2021, the Australian Federal
entering retirement, the cost of living continues to
                                                                          Government announced various commitments to
increase3, as does the Retirement Savings Gap – the
                                                                          support people in retirement and to reform the aged
shortfall between the retirement income of working
                                                                          care system. Funding commitments included increased
Australians and the income they need for an adequate
                                                                          pension contribution allowances for those wishing to
retirement..4
                                                                          downsize, support for older Australians to access aged
                                                                          care, and support to receive in-home care.
The Australian government’s pension is a core pillar
of retirement income and the main source of income
                                                                          Further to this, research by RMIT University, supported
for most Australians aged over 65. As at July 2021,
                                                                          by Heartland, found that the majority of older
a retiree living alone receiving the maximum basic
                                                                          Australians wish to age in place – that is, ageing in their
pension rate receives $868.30 fortnightly, and a couple
                                                                          current home compared with moving into specialised
receives $654.50 each fortnightly. This equates to an
                                                                          care, or even moving at all.7 So, while options to support
annual single person income of $22,576, or $17,017 for
                                                                          downsizing may suit some, it’s not the preference for
each person in a couple.5
                                                                          most.

According to the Association of Superannuation Funds
                                                                          Though 90% of older Australians wish to age in place,
of Australia Retirement Standard, for a retiree to live a
                                                                          29% say they will not be able to afford the changes
modest lifestyle (with only the basics), they would need
                                                                          required to make their home aged-friendly.
$28,514, or $41,170 for a couple.6 This demonstrates




1
    Ageing, Global Issues, United Nations, www.un.org/en/global-issues/ageing.
2
    Twenty years of population change, Australian Bureau of Statistics, www.abs.gov.au/articles/twenty-years-population-change.
3
    Australia’s cost of living over the last decade, Australian Parliament House, www.aph.gov.au/About_Parliament/Parliamentary_
    Departments/Parliamentary_Library/pubs/BriefingBook46p/CostLiving.
4
    Advisory Street 2020, Australia’s National Saving Update: Beyond 2020, Report to FSC and MLC, Sydney.
5
    Age Pension, Services Australia, Australian Government, www.servicesaustralia.gov.au/individuals/services/centrelink/age-pension.
6
    ASFA Retirement Standard, The Association of Superannuation Funds of Australia, www.superannuation.asn.au/resources/retirement-
    standard.
7
    Reverse mortgages: Financing ageing in place, RMIT University, cur.org.au/cms/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/financing-ageing-in-place.pdf.



19 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
Reverse Mortgages a solution to enable                                    from their homes. Its Aged Care Reverse Mortgage is
ageing in place                                                           also one of the few specialist aged care loan products
                                                                          available in Australia, with as much as 50% of the
Limited superannuation and the rising cost of living is
                                                                          home’s equity available to release for upfront or
restricting the ability to age in place. RMIT University
                                                                          ongoing aged care costs.
suggested expanding the ‘traditional’ three pillars of
retirement funding (pensions, superannuation and
private savings) to include equity release options – a                    The future of retirement finance
market that is predicted to more than triple over the                     As more Australians are reaching retirement than ever
next decade. 8 This notion was supported by the Federal                   before, and with an increasingly high cost of living,
Government in its Independent Retirement Income                           Heartland recognises that some people may need
Review Final Report which observed that “individuals                      to access funds sooner than retirement age, or need
can significantly boost their retirement incomes without                  a one-off lump sum to fund an immediate need as
having to increase their superannuation contributions                     they move towards retirement, or in retirement. Age
[by] …accessing equity in their home”. 9                                  requirements for Heartland Reverse Mortgages were
                                                                          recently expanded to enable senior Australians to
In 2013-14, 85% of people aged 65 and over were
                                                                          access funds sooner as they transition into retirement
homeowners.10 For the majority of those homeowners
                                                                          – applications can now be accepted for couples where
who wish to remain in their home, an equity release
                                                                          someone aged 60 or over has a partner aged 55-59.
option, such as a reverse mortgage, could be their
                                                                          In February 2021, Heartland also launched its new
solution.
                                                                          Well-Life Loan to help those 60 and over to get an
                                                                          extra financial boost when taking their next step in life,
Heartland has seen significant increase in demand
                                                                          without having to mortgage the family home.
for Reverse Mortgages, with enquiry levels in
Australia for FY2021 increasing by 31% compared
                                                                          Heartland is committed to innovation in financing
with the previous corresponding reporting period.
                                                                          the needs of Australians entering and in retirement.
The way in which customers are using their reverse
                                                                          This includes servicing customers at each point of the
mortgage strongly reflects the financial needs
                                                                          ‘technical maturity’ spectrum – allowing customers
of this demographic – 46% are used for home
                                                                          to access information and retirement finance via
improvements, 41% for debt consolidation, 20% for car
                                                                          convenient and accessible digital channels. Recently
repair or replacement and 16% for extra income.
                                                                          this has included the development of educational
                                                                          digital animations, embedded e-signing for loan
As Australasia’s leading provider                                         documents, improvements to our online application,
of reverse mortgages (with market                                         and consideration into the development of a mobile app
                                                                          to allow customers to more easily access and manage
share in Australia increasing from                                        their loan.
26%11 to 29%12), there is substantial
opportunity for Heartland to support                                      With A$1.25 billion in aggregate available to support
                                                                          Heartland’s growth aspirations, our aim is to more
more older Australians to live with                                       broadly service the needs of the aged sector in Australia
more financial freedom in retirement.                                     through a diversified product offering to a wider
                                                                          demographic, including exploring options to provide
Heartland’s award-winning reverse mortgage has                            more simplified equity release options and products
helped more than 22,000 Australians to release equity                     which support entry into various stages of aged care.




8
     Global Equity Release market forecast to more than treble by 2031, The European Pensions and Property Asset Release Group, epparg.org/
     news/global-equity-release-market-forecast-to-more-than-treble-by-2031.
9
     Retirement Income Review Final Report, The Australian Government the Treasury (November 2020).
10
     Trends in home ownership in Australia: a quick guide, Australian Parliament House, www.aph.gov.au/About_Parliament/Parliamentary_
     Departments/Parliamentary_Library/pubs/rp/rp1617/Quick_Guides/TrendsHomeOwnership.
11
     Based on APRA ADI Property Exposure and Heartland Reverse Mortgages data as at 31 March 2020.
12
     Based on APRA ADI Property Exposure and Heartland Reverse Mortgages data as at 31 March 2021.



                                                                                                                                          20
Our business
Tō mātou kaipakihi




512
OUR PEOPLE




Employees: 490 New Zealand + 22 Australia




12,000
Shareholders
                                            +
                                                13
                                                Locations




                                                52:47:1

125,000+
                                                Female : Male : Not Stated




Customers
                                                20+
                                                Ethnicities




OUR FUNDING




            3.2
                                                $ 1.0B
                                       B        Securitisation facilities




                                                $ 0.5B
Retail deposits                                 Unsubordinated bonds




21 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
O U R L E N D I N G1




                                                                                                                                          Open fo
                                                                                                                                                       r Bu
                                                                                                                                                                  si n
                                                                                                                                                                         es
                                                    Ne                                                                                          $14 4                         s
                                                           w                                                                                          .    5m
                                                                Ze
                                                                     a
                                                                     la                                   .1m
                                                                         nd                          55



                                                                                               elationship $5
                                                                          $6

                                                                          01.5m

                  . 4m
                         1,672.9M                                                                                1,270.5M                                                     A sse t F i n a n c
                                                                                                                                                                                                  e2
             ,071
                                Reverse Mortgages                                                                           Business Finance
          $1
                                                                                                  sR
                                                                                                          s
                  ia                                                                                 in e                                                                $5
                   al                                                                                           us                                                     7
                         tr                                                                                          B                                            0.
                              Au                                                                                                                            9m
                                 s



                                                                                                                                                L i ve s
                                                                                                                                                           to c
                                                                                                                                                                  kF
                                                                                                                                                                       ina
                                                m
                                         $ 9. 3                                                                                                   $10
                                                                                                                                                      9
                                                                                                                                                                              n
                                a   ns                                                                                                                      . 4m              ce
                             Lo
                         e
                  m
              Ho
            cy
          Le ga

                                    59.2M                                 D i g i ta l H o
                                                                                                                         586.6M
                                                                                           m
                              Residential Mortgages                                                                            Rural Finance
                                                                                                       .3
                                                                                                     77
                                                                         eL                        $4
                                                                         oa                                     p
                                                                    ns                                           i   la ti
                                                               $4                                                          on
                                                    m   9. 9                                                                 sh
                                                                                                                                  Ru r a l Re



                                                                                                                                so   n a l L o a ns
                                                                                                                        r   Per
                                                                                                                     he
                                                                                                                Ot                  6m
                                                                                                                             $6 .
                                                                                                                      m
                                                                                                           8     .8
                                                                                                       $4




                                                                                               Harmoney Aus
                         1,293.7M                                                                                        132.1M
                                         Motor Finance                                                                Other Personal Lending                                   H ar m
                                                                                                                                                                                      o
                                                                                                                                                                          ne
                                                                                                                                                                       yN
                                                                                                                                                              ew
                                                                                                                                                         al
                                                                                                                                                      Ze
                                                                                                                                  and $76 .7m


1
    All lending portfolio figures exclude FX impact.
2
    Previously referred to as Business Intermediated.



                                                                                                                                                                                                       22
Heartland Group Board
Poari o te Hono Heartland

From left to right:


JEFFRE Y GREENSL ADE
CEO and Executive Director
Appointed 19 July 2018
Committee memberships: N/A


GEOFFRE Y RICK E T TS (CHAIR)
Chair and Independent Non-Executive Director
Appointed 31 October 2018
Committee memberships: Heartland Audit
and Risk Committee, Heartland Corporate
Governance, People, Remuneration and
Nominations Committee (Chair)


E L L E N CO M E R F O R D
Independent Non-Executive Director
Appointed 31 October 2018
Committee memberships: Heartland Audit and
Risk Committee (Chair)


S I R C H R I S T O P H E R M AC E
Independent Non-Executive Director
Appointed 31 October 2018
Committee memberships: Heartland Audit
and Risk Committee


GREGORY TOMLINSON (DEPUTY CHAIR)
Non-Executive Director
Appointed 31 October 2018
Committee memberships: Heartland Corporate
Governance, People, Remuneration and
Nominations Committee




As at the date of this Annual Report.


          For full profiles, visit
          shareholders.heartland.co.nz




23 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
24
Heartland Bank Board
Poari o te Pēke Heartland

Pictured on pages 23-24:


JEFFRE Y GREENSL ADE
Executive Director
Appointed 31 December 2015
Committee memberships: N/A


GEOFFRE Y RICKET TS
Independent Non-Executive Director
Appointed 31 December 2015
Committee memberships: Heartland Bank Audit Committee




                                                                                                       For full profiles, visit
As at the date of this Annual Report.                                                                  shareholders.heartland.co.nz




                                                                          BRUCE IRVINE (CHAIR)
                                                                          Independent Non-Executive Director
                                                                          Appointed 31 December 2015
                                                                          Committee memberships:
                                                                          Heartland Bank Audit Committee,
                                                                          Heartland Corporate Governance, People,
                                                                          Remuneration and Nominations Committee1




1
    Refer to page 45 for information on Bruce Irvine’s membership of the Heartland Corporate Governance, People, Remuneration and
    Nominations Committee.



25 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
E DWA R D J O H N H A R V E Y
Independent Non-Executive Director
Appointed 31 December 2015
Committee memberships:
Heartland Bank Audit Committee (Chair),
Heartland Bank Risk Committee




K AT H R Y N M I T C H E L L
Independent Non-Executive Director
Appointed 29 March 2019
Committee memberships:
Heartland Bank Risk Committee




SHELLE Y RUHA
Independent Non-Executive Director
Appointed 1 January 2020
Committee memberships:
Heartland Bank Risk Committee (Chair),
Heartland Bank Audit Committee




                                          26
Strategic Management Group
Hono Whakahaere Rautaki

                                                              For full profiles, visit
As at the date of this Annual Report.                         shareholders.heartland.co.nz




                                        JEFF GREENSL ADE
                                        CEO, Heartland Group Holdings Limited




                                        C H R I S F LO O D
                                        CEO, Heartland Bank Limited




                                        K E I R A B I L LO T
                                        Chief People & Brand Experience Officer




27 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
L AU R A B Y R N E
Chief Operating Officer




ANDREW DIXSON
Chief Financial Officer




MICHAEL DRUMM
Chief Risk Officer




LY D I A Z U L K I F L I
Chief Digital Officer




                           28
Bringing our values to life
Te whakaora i ō mātou tikanga
Each year, Heartland is proud to welcome talented Māori and Pasifika rangatahi to join its Manawa Ako internship
programme. In accordance with the Māori concept of ‘ako’ (to learn and to teach), the programme is designed
to enable the interns to learn from their experience at Heartland, and for Heartland to learn from the interns –
particularly in relation to the way in which we can continue to develop a welcoming and inclusive workplace culture
and environment for Māori and Pasifika.




                                                            Mahi tika: Do the right thing
                                                            Whakataukī: Kia tika, kia pono. Do what’s right
                                                            and true.

                                                            Symbol: Pātiki (flounder).

                                                            Do what’s right for your whānau and the wider
                                                            community, even if that means fishing for flounder at
                                                            night while others sleep.

                                                            This artwork symbolises the many obstacles we may
                                                            face in order to make the right choices to meet our
                                                            aspirations and the needs of those we serve. This
                                                            is represented by the kōhine (girl) looking up at the
                                                            mountain ahead of her. The korowai (cloak) around her
                                                            portrays the responsibilities she carries of her whānau
                                                            and the wider community as she ventures off on her
                                                            challenging path.




29 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
Following the work of the previous year’s cohort, interns from the 2020/2021 intake worked with New Zealand artist
Shane Hansen to create a series of four murals that represent Heartland’s mātāpono (values). These are mahi tika
(do the right thing), mahi tahi (be one team), mahi toa (have big ambition) and mahi tipu (be always evolving).

The meaning behind each value, its corresponding whakataukī (proverb) and symbolism has been carefully woven
into the artworks which are now on display within our Teed Street, Newmarket, Auckland office and serve as
reminders to uphold and live our mātāpono.




                                                           Mahi tahi: Be one team
                                                           Whakataukī: He waka eke noa. We’re all in this
                                                           together.

                                                           Symbol: Purapura whetū (stars).

                                                           Leverage the power of the team. If everyone in the waka
                                                           is paddling and working together, it will go a lot faster
                                                           and be a lot more efficient.

                                                           Everyone at Heartland has a part to play in our
                                                           continued success. The hoe (paddles/oars) as the
                                                           central focus in this artwork represents the coming
                                                           together of all Heartland employees to paddle in the
                                                           same direction. The blue and green ‘hands’ behind the
                                                           hoe depict Ranginui and Papatūānuku, the Sky Father
                                                           and Earth Mother in the creation story, demonstrating
                                                           the need for us to acknowledge the world around us in
                                                           order to grow.




                                                                                                                 30
                   Mahi toa: Have big ambition
                   Whakataukī: Tū whitia te hopo. Feel the fear and do it anyway.

                   Symbol: Niho taniwha (teeth of the taniwha).

                   Have big ambitions. Like a chief’s lineage from the gods and the realm of
                   mythology – if we can dream it, we can do it.

                   One of New Zealand’s native birds, the tūī often symbolises strength and
                   resilience in Māori culture, with significant connection to tribal chiefs. In this
                   piece, the tūī depicts the strength and courage required to face your fears or the
                   unknown. The koru behind the manu (bird) signifies a new beginning – it is time
                   for one to spread their wings and be ambitious in the pursuit of their goals.




31 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                             B R I N G I N G O U R VA LU E S TO L I F E




Mahi tipu: Be always evolving
Whakataukī: Whāia te iti kahurangi. Strive for excellence.

Symbol: Poutama (steps/stairway).

Embrace learning and evolving, even when it feels challenging. The stepped
pattern signifies the growth of people, striving ever upwards to prosperity.

This artwork represents growth. The blossom on the left signifies the beginning
of our journey, with much growth ahead before we flourish. The three kete
(baskets) of knowledge through the centre symbolise the way in which
Heartland provides for its employees – in the same way the baskets were
obtained in the pursuit of knowledge. Finally, the eels to the right, swimming
both up and downstream, depict the long journey eels go on to find a suitable
habitat. The larger eel in the bottom right corner represents the growth
experienced by the eels through their journey, and the growth we too can
experience as we continue to strive for excellence.




                                                                                                    32
Diversity Report
Pūrongo Aronga Rau

Tukua kia tū takitahi ngā                                    Current measurable objectives
whetū o te rangi
Let each star shine its own light                            •   To improve the inclusiveness of our
                                                                 workplace by increasing cultural
Heartland considers diversity, in all its forms,                 awareness and celebrating diversity in
a strength. We are committed to supporting                       all of its forms.
initiatives which foster diversity at all levels of the
organisation to put us in a better position to attract
the widest pool of talent, understand and respond            •   To achieve a gender balance at all
to our diverse stakeholder needs, and provide us                 levels of the organisation and work
with a broad experience base from which to identify              towards ensuring diverse ethnicities
new opportunities, solve problems and make the                   are represented throughout the
right decisions. By promoting a culture of inclusion             organisation.
and embracing diversity, we believe our people
will be engaged and motivated to create the best
                                                             •   To be a workplace where Māori can
outcomes for our customers and other stakeholders.
                                                                 succeed as Māori and thereby create
In order to articulate our commitment to diversity,              a pathway to being an employer
Heartland has a Diversity and Inclusion Policy.                  that is welcoming to all cultures and
The Diversity and Inclusion Policy is available                  ethnicities.
on our shareholder website
shareholders.heartland.co.nz
                                                             •   To be a workplace and financial service
                                                                 that understands and welcomes sexuality
Diversity is the many characteristics that make
                                                                 and gender diversity.
each of us different, including gender, ethnicity,
heritage, sexual orientation, age, religious beliefs or
other ideologies, family status, language, cultural
background, and physical and mental abilities.

An inclusive workplace is one where all those forms       The following sections demonstrate the progress made
of diversity are valued, respected and leveraged,         against these measurable objectives during the 2021
creating equal opportunities for all employees.           financial year.


Under this policy, the Board, with the assistance of      To improve the inclusiveness of our
the Diversity & Inclusion Committee, is responsible
                                                          workplace by increasing cultural
for setting measurable objectives and reviewing
progress against them.                                    awareness and celebrating diversity
                                                          in all of its forms
                                                          Heartland has a workforce with diverse ethnicities,
                                                          heritages, backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexualities
                                                          and ages. We are focused on continuing to develop a
                                                          culture that embraces and celebrates our diversity and
                                                          encourages our people to be authentic and share their
                                                          thoughts and ideas.




33 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
Diversity & Inclusion Committee




Heartland’s Diversity & Inclusion Committee is a          During the year, we became the National Foundation
forum for our people to come together and share           for Deaf and Hard of Hearing’s (NFD) first ever Hearing
ideas to measure, celebrate and promote diversity         Accredited workplace. This initiative has helped us
and inclusion. The Committee reports to the Board         become more aware of the experiences of those
on diversity related matters, including Heartland’s       affected by hearing loss and to be more inclusive for our
progress towards achievement of the measurable            customers and employees who are deaf or hard
objectives.                                               of hearing.

The Diversity & Inclusion Committee coordinated a
number of events throughout the year to celebrate
                                                            Actions undertaken to earn Hearing
and recognise times of cultural significance, including
                                                            Accreditation
Christmas, Eid, Diwali, Lunar New Year, Matariki, and
Māori Language Week. For Māori Language Week
                                                            • Two hearing accredited workplace workshops
2020, we partnered with Reo Whairawa to create
                                                              delivered to Heartland employees that covered
a webinar on how to incorporate te reo Māori into
                                                              hearing health, deaf awareness and basics in
online meetings. The webinar was made available to
                                                              New Zealand Sign Language.
the wider finance sector with over 244 participants
from 35 different organisations.                            • Free hearing tests for all employees.

A ‘Pasifika week’ event was held in October 2020,           • Implementing Loud & Quiet Zone posters
creating an opportunity for our people to better              in all offices.
understand the richness our Pasifika people bring
to Aotearoa, for example Samoan is the third most           • Sharing career opportunities at Heartland with
spoken language in Aotearoa. This event was also the          the NFD.
impetus for the creation of Heartland’s Kainga Pasifika
group who now lead initiatives that represent our           • Completion of workplace noise risk
Pacific nations.                                              assessments.

In order to create awareness and inclusion in a wider       Looking ahead, we will continue to improve our
sense, we also held events celebrating Mental Health        communication and practices in these areas to
Awareness Week, Movember, NZ Sign Language                  improve the experience for our customers and
Week and Men’s Health Week.                                 employees with hearing loss.




35 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                DIVERSIT Y REPORT




To achieve a gender balance at all                           Heartland continues to identify and address gender
                                                             imbalances at all levels. The following table shows
levels of the organisation and work                          the gender diversity of directors and employees of
towards ensuring diverse ethnicities are                     Heartland in both New Zealand and Australia as at
represented throughout the organisation                      30 June 2021 and 30 June 2020.



                                As at 30 June 2021                                As at 30 June 2020

Positions            Female        Male     Not Stated      Total     Female        Male    Not Stated         Total


Board -                1           3             1           5          1           3            1             5
Heartland            (20%)       (60%)         (20%)                  (20%)       (60%)        (20%)


Board -
                        2           4            0           6          3           4            0             7
Heartland
                    (33.33%)    (66.67%)                              (43%)       (57%)
Bank

Strategic
                       4           4             0           8          4           5            0             9
Management
                     (50%)       (50%)                                (44%)       (56%)
Group


People in Key          14          20            0          34          16          19           0            35
Leadership          (41.18%)    (58.82%)                              (46%)       (54%)


                      269         241            2          512        261         231            8           500
All staff
                    (52.54%)    (47.07%)      (0.39%)                 (52%)       (46%)         (2%)




We continued our partnership with Global Women during the year, enabling Heartland to access best practice
trends and opportunities and to collaborate with other organisations that are leading diversity and inclusion in New
Zealand.
There is a strong commitment from the Board to furthering our gender diversity objective. The following table
summarises the Directors’ participation in diversity forums and the aims of each of these forums.


Director                 Forum                            Aim

                                                           To exchange ideas with peers of appropriate ways to
Jeff Greenslade          Champions for Change
                                                           improve our diversity and inclusiveness.


                                                           To educate and influence Australian business and
Ellen Comerford          Chief Executive Women
                                                           government on the importance of gender balance.


                                                           To access best practice, trends and opportunities to
Shelley Ruha             Global Women
                                                           collaborate with other organisations who are leading
Kathryn Mitchell         in New Zealand
                                                           diversity and inclusion in New Zealand.


Geoffrey Ricketts                                          To promote diversity in its wider sense including ethnicity,
                         IOD mentoring for diversity
Bruce Irvine                                               age, skills and experience in addition to gender.




We are now focused on recruiting and promoting              the main goals of Kia Eke is to grow a diverse set of
women into more senior roles and ensuring proactive in-     female leadership from within the organisation. In
role development of women. We are encouraged by the         FY2021, we welcomed a new cohort of 10 women from
representation of women in the Strategic Management         a range of different business units and locations into
Group and continue to seek to understand how we             the programme. To date, our Kia Eke members have
can maintain a gender balance as our workplace              attended workshops and coaching sessions held by
demographic evolves. For our employees aged 30              inspiring female leaders covering topics such imposter
and under, the gender balance is encouraging, with          syndrome and how to find balance in ambition.
47% reporting as male and 53% reporting as female.
We’ve invested in the individual development of female      Heartland continues to support flexible working with
talent, including 56% of our Rangatahi (Youth) Advisory     a formal policy in place and people leaders being
Board members being female which provides a rich            encouraged to take an open-minded approach to
development ground for future leaders.                      requests for flexible working, reinforcing the benefits
                                                            to Heartland and its customers by providing flexibility
Another way in which we foster gender diversity at          to employees who value it. Whilst we see this as one
Heartland is through Kia Eke, a group created to help       of the many ways in which we can attract and retain
aspiring female leaders at Heartland further develop        women in more senior roles in the organisation, the
their confidence and leadership aspirations. One of         benefits of having a flexible working policy extend




                                                                                                               Kia Eke




37 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                                                               DIVERSIT Y REPORT




                                                                                              Manawa Ako alumni




beyond fostering a gender balance – it is also aligned      Our Manawa Ako internship programme also operates
to Heartland’s objective to be a more generally diverse     to further this objective, with 76 rangatahi participating
and inclusive workplace. Giving all employees flexibility   over the past four years. We have continued our
enables them to access personal pursuits such as            relationship with InZone Education Foundation and a
sport, community work, religious celebrations or care       number of secondary schools as part of the programme.
for family members.                                         This year we will be expanding our iwi partnerships,
                                                            bringing a new perspective for the ākonga (interns)
                                                            to identify opportunities to learn about the sector and
To be a workplace where Māori can                           return those learnings to their iwi. Heartland sees
succeed as Māori, and thereby create                        the value in the perspectives the ākonga bring to the
a pathway to being an employer that                         workplace through their close connection to their
                                                            identity.
is welcoming to all cultures and
ethnicities

To improve our ethnic and cultural diversity, we’re
starting close to home with New Zealand’s own
people: our tangata whenua. Māori have a unique
and significant role in Aotearoa which Heartland
is embracing – we aspire to be a workplace that
Māori want to be part of. It is our belief that if we
can enhance our working environment so that Māori
language, culture and values are embraced and Māori
feel confident to join us and succeed authentically as
Māori, then we will have set a good foundation for
being a more welcoming place for people of all cultures
and ethnicities.

Whāia te iti kahurangi is Heartland’s framework
for providing a workplace and financial service that
enables Māori to succeed as Māori. The purpose              "I was part of the first intake of the Manawa Ako
of Whāia te iti kahurangi is to support the work we do      programme at the end of 2017 and have worked
with Māori, te reo Māori, and customary practices.          at Heartland ever since. Now that I’ve finished my
It is used as a reference point for our people on           studies and am working full-time, my team have really
operational issues and to support the inclusion of an       helped me grow and develop in my role. I’ve been able
indigenous perspective around the work that we do.          to take on more responsibility and participate in a few
This framework sits alongside our policy documents          Māori leadership opportunities as well.”
and is linked to various business operations to ensure
it is kept in our line of sight, reflecting its mana.       Payton Taplin - Communications Coordinator


                                                                                                                   38
Manawa Whenua Committee




We’ve also made progress in the way we recruit by           based Māori language course for the financial and
developing a new strategy, Iho Pūmanawa, which              accounting community. Eight people from Heartland
supports more equitable recruitment and selection           attended this two-day event along with people from a
outcomes. Partnerships with iwi groups mean that our        wide range of organisations across the sector. It was
job opportunities are shared with their iwi members,        a great opportunity to stand shoulder to shoulder with
giving us reach to a wider pool of talent. We are also      others in the industry to collectively support the use
taking a proactive approach to career development           and development of te reo Māori. We recognise that we
for Māori within the business, including through a          are in a privileged position to be able to have a positive
cadetship programme called Hīkina, in partnership with      impact on regenerating our indigenous language.
Te Puni Kōkiri and Indigenous Growth. During the year,
14 of our people completed Hīkina, with the overarching     Throughout the year, we have continued our aim to
purpose of the programme being to enable promising          make Heartland and the banking sector more inclusive
and established indigenous leaders to take leadership       for Māori. Māori now make up 7% of our Heartland
opportunities and show how their cultural values are        population, despite only 2% of people in the financial
transferable and add value to the organisation.             and insurance services sector identifying as Māori.
                                                            We continue to make progress with our younger Māori
Manawa Whenua, our internal network for Māori               workforce, with 59% of our employees who identify as
employees and allies, has played a pivotal role in          Māori being aged 30 and under. This can be attributed
driving, guiding, and celebrating Māori initiatives at      to the efforts invested in the Manawa Ako internship
Heartland and we continue to raise the status of te         programme, with 12 intern alumni currently employed
reo Māori where we can. We acknowledge our role as          by Heartland. The programme helps to build a
kaitiaki (guardians or caretakers) of the language and      workplace where Māori can see a career pathway and
our responsibility to maintain a high standard of reo       establish their career with cultural integrity.
Māori by engaging recognised proficient translators.
Māori language continues to be used in various              To be a workplace and financial service
contexts throughout the business. The increased use
of te reo Māori lifts the status of the language, thereby
                                                            that understands and welcomes
creating a stronger sense of belonging for people           sexuality and gender diversity
who identify as Māori and also for people whose first
language is not English.                                    Inclusion of our rainbow community is another priority
                                                            for Heartland. During the year we held two educational
We were proud to support Reo Whairawa and the               workshops facilitated by Rainbow Tick, enabling our
Kura Reo Pakihi in Rotorua in April. This is a marae-       people to learn more about our rainbow communities.




39 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                                                       DIVERSIT Y REPORT




We also celebrated Pride Month and supported our             We are very proud of what we have
people to participate in Sweat with Pride, a fundraising
event for the New Zealand AIDS foundation, Rainbow
                                                             continued to achieve in FY2021 in
Youth and Outline, being organisations that actively         embracing and promoting the diversity
work towards improving mental, physical and sexual           of our people. We are creating a more
health for rainbow communities.                              welcoming and inclusive workplace
Throughout the year, we continued to work towards
                                                             where all people are respected and
achieving the Rainbow Tick and the next step in this         valued. We recognise that all forms of
journey is for Heartland (with the help of Rainbow Tick)     diversity bring different perspectives
to host group conversations for our Heartlanders who         and expressions of ideas and opinions
identify with the rainbow community, to discuss what
we are doing well and areas where we can continue
                                                             within the Board, the Strategic
to improve.                                                  Management Group and throughout
                                                             the organisation, and contribute to
During the year, our Rainbow Committee introduced
                                                             Heartland’s productivity, profitability
the option for our people to include pronouns in
their email signatures as a way to easily convey             and connection with our communities
the words they would like others to use when being           and stakeholders.
addressed or referred to. We recognise that diversity
comes in all forms and the ability to self-identify
                                                             In the year ahead, we will continue
promotes confidence in bringing your true and
authentic self to work.                                      to embrace and promote diversity,
                                                             leverage diversity as a competitive
These actions are only the beginning for our Rainbow         advantage to attract, retain and
Committee as we strengthen our focus towards
                                                             motivate the widest possible pool
increasing rainbow awareness and allyship, and
being an organisation that understands, welcomes             of talent and recognise, understand
and embraces sexuality and gender diversity. We are          and value individual contribution and
confident that our values will be the foundation for total   performance across the organisation.
inclusivity.




                                                                               Kainga Pasifika Committee




                                                                                                           40
Corporate governance
Te urungi ā-rangatōpū

This corporate governance statement describes               Principle 1 – Code of Ethical Behaviour
Heartland’s corporate governance policies and
practices as at 30 June 2021, and has been approved         Directors should set high standards of ethical
by the Board.                                               behaviour, model this behaviour and hold
                                                            management accountable for these standards
                                                            being followed throughout the organisation.
Heartland, as the parent company of the Group, is
committed to ensuring that Heartland’s policies and
practices reflect current best practice, in the interests   Codes of Conduct
of Heartland’s shareholders and other stakeholders.         Heartland’s Code of Conduct and Directors’ Code of
In addition to information about Heartland’s corporate      Conduct set out the ethical and behavioural standards
governance policies and practices, this section also        expected of the Group's directors, employees and
includes information about Heartland Bank’s corporate       intermediaries. The Codes of Conduct are available
governance policies and practices. Heartland Bank           on Heartland’s shareholder website,
has its own Board and Board Committees, and                 shareholders.heartland.co.nz.
makes independent decisions (including on corporate
governance matters), however Heartland and                  The Codes of Conduct cover a wide range of
Heartland Bank Board and Committee meetings are             areas, including:
usually held consecutively and members of both Boards
or Committees (as applicable) attend both meetings.         •   Heartland’s responsibilities towards shareholders
Heartland’s important corporate governance policies             and the financial community, its customers, clients
and practices either apply to, or have been adopted by,         and service providers, and its employees
Heartland Bank.
                                                            •   conflicts of interest, including the receipt of gifts
Heartland is pleased to report that, other than in              and other corporate opportunities
respect of the matter explained in the 'Principle 3 -
Board Committees' section below, it was fully compliant     •   confidentiality
with the corporate governance principles contained in       •   the procedure for advising Heartland of a
the NZX Corporate Governance Code (the NZX Code)                suspected breach.
as at 30 June 2021.
                                                            Every new director or employee is to be provided with
                                                            a copy of the Code of Conduct and is required to read
                                                            it. Each director and staff member has an obligation, at
                                                            all times, to comply with the spirit as well as the letter
                                                            of the law, to comply with the principles of the Code of
                                                            Conduct, including exhibiting a high standard of ethical
                                                            behaviour. The Codes of Conduct are subject to annual
                                                            review.




41 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
Insider Trading Policy                                      Principle 2 – Board Composition
                                                            and Performance
In addition to the prohibition on insider trading,
the Group’s directors, senior employees and other           To ensure an effective board, there should be
restricted persons are prohibited from buying or            a balance of independence, skills, knowledge,
selling the Group’s quoted financial products during        experience and perspectives.
‘blackout periods’ – which are periods that commence
30 days prior to the end of the half-year and the
full-year and end once the financial results from the       Role of the Board
half-year or the full-year have been released to the        The Board is responsible for corporate governance
market. In addition, all of the Group’s directors, senior   and setting the Group’s overall strategic direction. The
employees and other restricted persons are required         Board charter regulates Board procedure and describes
to obtain consent before buying or selling the Group’s      the Board’s role and responsibilities in detail, and is
quoted financial products outside of blackout periods,      available on Heartland’s shareholder website,
and to certify that their decision to buy or sell has not   shareholders.heartland.co.nz.
been made on the basis of inside information.
                                                            The Board establishes objectives, strategies and an
The Board continually assesses, with the assistance         overall policy framework within which the Group’s
of the Heartland Bank Board, whether any matters            business is conducted.
under consideration are likely to materially influence
                                                            The Board schedules regular meetings at which it
Heartland’s share price and therefore whether
                                                            receives briefings on key strategic and operational
additional trading restrictions should be imposed
                                                            issues from management.
on directors, senior employees and other restricted
persons.
                                                            Board processes
The Insider Trading Policy is available on Heartland’s      The Board held 9 meetings, and the Heartland Bank
shareholder website, shareholders.heartland.co.nz.          Board held 9 meetings, during the year ended 30 June
Through our share registrar, Link Market Services,          2021. The following table shows attendance by each
we actively monitor trading in Heartland shares             director at the meetings of the Heartland and Heartland
by directors, senior employees and other restricted         Bank Boards and Committees of which he or she was a
persons.                                                    member.




                                                                                                                  42
                                                    Heartland Board                                      Heartland Bank Board


                                    Attend as Director       Attended as Observer Attended as Director             Attended as Observer


J K Greenslade                                9                          -                           9                      -

E F Comerford                                 9                          -                          61                      3

E J Harvey                                    -                         9                            9                      -

B R Irvine                                    -                         9                            9                      -

C R Mace                                      9                          -                           -                      8

K Mitchell                                    -                         9                            9                      -

G T Ricketts                                  9                          -                           9                      -

G R Tomlinson                                 9                          -                           -                      8

S M Ruha                                      -                         9                            9                      -




                                               Heartland directorships                             Heartland Bank directorships



                                                              Corporate Governance,
                                         Audit & Risk         People, Remuneration               Audit                    Risk
                                         Committee2             and Nominations                Committee                Committee
                                                                   Committee


J K Greenslade                                4*                        5*                          1*                      -

E F Comerford                                 7                          -                          5*                      6*

E J Harvey                                    6*                         -                           7                      6

B R Irvine                                    6*                         5                           7                      1*

C R Mace                                      6                          -                          4*                      6*

K Mitchell                                     -                         -                          1*                      6

G T Ricketts                                  6                          5                           7                      1*

G R Tomlinson                                  -                         5                           -                      1*

S M Ruha                                      2*                         -                          6**                     6

*
     These meetings were attended by the director as an observer rather than as a member.
**
     The first three meetings were attended as an observer and the subsequent three as a member.




1
     E Comerford resigned from the Heartland Bank Board on 12 March 2021.
2
     Heartland‘s Risk Committee was merged with the Audit Committee in August 2020. These numbers include meetings of the Heartland Risk
     Committee.



43 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                                                      CO R P O R AT E GOV E R N A N CE




All of the then serving members of the Board, and           Board training and performance assessment
Heartland Bank Board, attended the Annual Meeting
                                                            To ensure ongoing education, directors are regularly
held on 30 November 2020.
                                                            informed of developments that affect the industry and
                                                            business environment, as well as company and legal
Director appointment                                        issues that impact the directors themselves. Directors
                                                            have access to management and any additional
The Corporate Governance, People, Remuneration
                                                            information they consider necessary for informed
and Nominations Committee is tasked with the role
                                                            decision making.
of reviewing Heartland Board composition, and
reviewing and making recommendations in relation to
                                                            The Boards of Heartland and Heartland Bank
nominations, for the Board’s consideration.
                                                            undertake a formal review of their own, their
                                                            committees’ and individual directors’ performance at
Each new director of Heartland is required, pursuant
                                                            least annually. This is to ensure that they each have
to the Heartland board charter, to enter into a written
                                                            a range of complementary skills, knowledge and
agreement with Heartland in respect of his or
                                                            experience in order to effectively govern the Group, to
her appointment and Heartland has a pro forma
                                                            monitor its performance, and to
director appointment letter which is tailored for
                                                            support the implementation of its strategic priorities –
individual appointments.
                                                            in the interests of its shareholders
                                                             and other stakeholders.
Board membership, size and composition

The NZX Main Board Listing Rules provide that the           Diversity and inclusion
number of directors must not be fewer than three.
                                                            In order to articulate its commitment to diversity,
Subject to this limitation, the size of the Board is
                                                            Heartland has developed a Diversity & Inclusion
determined from time to time by the Board.
                                                            Policy, which requires the Board, with the help of the
As at 30 June 2021, the Board comprised five directors,     Diversity & Inclusion Committee, to set measurable
being an independent Chairman, the Deputy Chair,            objectives for achieving diversity and to track progress
the Chief Executive Officer and two non-executive           against them. Heartland’s Diversity & Inclusion Policy
directors. The Board encourages rigorous discussion         is available on Heartland’s shareholder website,
and analysis when making decisions.                         shareholders.heartland.co.nz.


As mentioned above, Heartland Bank has its own              A discussion of Heartland’s Diversity and Inclusion
Board and Board Committees, and meetings are                Policy and a report on the measurable objectives
held consecutively with Heartland Board and Board           which were set for FY2021 is included on page 33 of
Committees meetings. Members of both Boards and             this Annual Report.
Committees (as applicable) attend both Heartland
and Heartland Bank Board or Committee meetings
(as applicable), which further encourages rigorous
discussion and analysis.

The Board recognises the need to have a range of
complementary skills, knowledge and experience in
order to support the Group’s implementation of its
strategic priorities, and for the Board to have a balance
of skills and attributes in order to support diversity
at board level. With this in mind, the composition of
both the Heartland and the Heartland Bank Boards is
regularly reviewed and their collective skills, knowledge
and experience formally assessed. This exercise
provides an opportunity to reflect on and discuss
current Board composition, as well as succession
planning. The current Boards comprise directors with
a mix of qualifications, skills and attributes who hold
diverse business, governance and industry experience.




                                                                                                                       44
Principle 3 – Board Committees                            The role of the Audit & Risk Committee is to advise and
                                                          provide assurance to the Board in order to enable the
The Board should use committees where this                Board to discharge its responsibilities in relation to the
will enhance its effectiveness in key areas,              oversight of:
while still retaining board responsibility.
                                                          •   the integrity of financial control, financial
                                                              management and external financial reporting
Board Committees

As at 30 June 2021, Heartland had two permanently         •   the internal audit function
constituted Board Committees, each of which is
                                                          •   the independent audit process
tasked with working with management in its specific
area of responsibility and reporting its findings and     •   the formulation of its risk appetite
recommendations to the Board. Management attend
Committee meetings as required at the invitation of the   •   to provide the Board with assurance that
relevant Committee.                                           all risks within the key risk categories which are
                                                              relevant to the Group have been appropriately
Each of these Committees has a charter which sets out         identified, managed and reported to the Board.
the Committee’s objectives, membership, procedures
                                                          The Audit & Risk Committee works closely with
and responsibilities. A Committee does not take action
                                                          the Heartland Bank Audit Committee and the
or make decisions on behalf of the Board unless it is
                                                          Heartland Bank Risk Committee, which have similar
specifically mandated to do so. The charter of each
                                                          responsibilities in relation to Heartland Bank, and their
Committee is available on Heartland’s shareholder
                                                          meetings occur consecutively. As at 30 June 2021, the
website, shareholders.heartland.co.nz.
                                                          Board determined that all committee members had a
The Board is comfortable that no other standing           recognised form of financial expertise in accordance
Committees are necessary at this stage, however           with the Audit & Risk Committee’s charter.
other ad hoc Committees are established for specific
purposes from time to time.                               Corporate Governance, People,
                                                          Remuneration and Nominations Committee
As at 30 June 2021 Heartland Bank had a permanently
                                                          The Corporate Governance, People, Remuneration
constituted Risk Committee and an Audit Committee
                                                          and Nominations Committee is required to have at
which are tasked with working with management and
                                                          least three directors, the majority of whom must be
reporting their findings and recommendations to the
                                                          independent.
Heartland Bank Board.

                                                          As at 30 June 2021, the members of the Corporate
Audit & Risk Committee                                    Governance, People, Remuneration and Nominations
Membership is restricted to non-executive directors,      Committee were G T Ricketts (Chair), B R Irvine and G R
with at least three members, the majority of whom must    Tomlinson. Although B R Irvine is a director of Heartland
be independent. The Chair of the Audit Committee must     Bank and not Heartland, the Board are of the view that
be an independent director who is not the Chair of        a director of Heartland Bank should be a member of
the Board.                                                the Corporate Governance, People, Remuneration and
                                                          Nominations Committee given that the vast majority
As at 30 June 2021, the members of the Audit & Risk       of employees of the Group are employed by Heartland
Committee were E F Comerford (Chair),                     Bank. B Irvine, as Chairman of Heartland Bank,
C R Mace and G T Ricketts.                                represents Heartland Bank’s position in that regard.
                                                          Accordingly, Heartland has not strictly complied with
                                                          recommendation 3.3 of the NZX Code as the majority
                                                          of the Committee are not independent directors of
                                                          Heartland. Instead, the Committee has one independent
                                                          director of Heartland and one independent director of
                                                          Heartland Bank but, as described above, the Board
                                                          considers this appropriate for Heartland.




45 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                                                   CO R P O R AT E GOV E R N A N CE




The role of the Corporate Governance, People,             Takeovers Response Manual
Remuneration and Nominations Committee
                                                          The Board has documented and adopted a Takeover
includes advising and making recommendations to
                                                          Response Manual document, which is designed to
the Board regarding:
                                                          give the Board and management clear direction on
                                                          the steps that need to be taken following receipt of
•   corporate governance matters
                                                          a takeover offer.
•   people strategy, including organisation structure,
    performance, succession planning, development,        The document, amongst other things, includes an
    culture, diversity and remuneration strategy and      “independent director” protocol for directors who are
    policies and any other strategic people initiatives   involved or associated with the bidder, talks to the
                                                          scope of independent advisory reports to shareholders,
•   remuneration of the directors, Chief Executive        and prompts the Board to consider the option of
    Officer and senior executives                         establishing an independent takeover committee
                                                          following receipt of a takeover offer.
•   the performance of the Chief Executive Officer
    including setting and review of annual KPIs

•   director and senior executive appointments, Board
    composition and succession planning.




                                                                                                                 46
Principle 4 – Reporting and Disclosures                   Audit & Risk Committee

                                                          The Audit & Risk Committee oversees the quality and
The Board should demand integrity in
                                                          timeliness of all external financial reports, including all
financial and non-financial reporting, and
                                                          disclosure documents issued by Heartland.
in the timeliness and balance of corporate
disclosures.                                              The Audit & Risk Committee oversees the preparation
                                                          of Heartland’s financial statements and setting policy
Heartland appreciates that its investors and other        to ensure the information presented is useful for
stakeholders value both financial and non-financial       investors and other stakeholders. Heartland makes its
reporting, and Heartland seeks to ensure that its         financial statements easy to read by using clear, plain
investors have timely access to full and accurate         language, and structuring them so that key information is
material information about Heartland which is factual     prominent. In addition to the full-year audit, Heartland’s
and balanced.                                             external auditor completes a review of the interim
                                                          financial statements.
Heartland’s Disclosure Policy sets out procedures
that are in place to make sure all material information   The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are
is identified and disclosed in a timely manner, and to    also required to certify to the Audit & Risk Committee that
prevent the selective disclosure of material non-public   the financial statements of Heartland and its subsidiaries
information. Under the Policy, potentially ‘material      present a true and fair view of Heartland and comply with
information’ is required to be brought to the attention   all relevant accounting standards.
of the Disclosure Committee, which is ultimately
responsible for determining whether information           Heartland is committed to delivering value for its
is material, and approving the form and content of        customers, shareholders, employees, communities,
material information that is disclosed. Heartland also    partners and intermediaries. This is the third year that
monitors information in the market about itself and       Heartland has reported against a Corporate Social
(with the assistance of the Disclosure Committee) will    Responsibility Framework in order to provide more
release information to the extent necessary to prevent    detailed information on the value created for Heartland’s
development of a false market for the Group’s quoted      stakeholders. Refer to page 63 of this Annual Report.
financial products.

All of Heartland’s key governance documents,
including the Disclosure Policy, are available on
Heartland’s shareholder website,
shareholders.heartland.co.nz. Heartland also maintains
copies of its stock exchange announcements, and
half-year and full-year reports, investor presentations
and details of annual shareholder meetings, on its
shareholder website.




47 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                                                        CO R P O R AT E GOV E R N A N CE




Principle 5 – Remuneration                                   Non-executive directors’ remuneration

                                                             Total remuneration available to the Group’s non-
The remuneration of directors and executives
                                                             executive directors is determined by Heartland’s
should be transparent, fair and reasonable.
                                                             shareholders. The current aggregate approved amount
                                                             by shareholders is $1,200,000 per annum.
Heartland’s remuneration strategy is designed to create
a high-performance culture which attracts and retains
                                                             Heartland’s policy is to pay directors’ fees in cash. There
quality candidates by incentivising and rewarding
                                                             is no requirement for directors to take a portion of their
exceptional performance.
                                                             remuneration in shares and nor is there a requirement
                                                             for directors to hold shares in Heartland. However, as
Heartland has developed a Remuneration Policy which
                                                             at 30 June 2021, a number of the directors held shares,
explains its remuneration strategy and its approach to
                                                             or a beneficial interest in shares, in Heartland (see the
setting remuneration in more detail. The key principles
                                                             Directors’ disclosures section of this Annual Report for
are that Heartland’s remuneration policy:
                                                             further details).
•   supports the attraction, retention and engagement
    of quality, diverse candidates                           Senior executive remuneration
•   does not discriminate on the basis of gender,            The objective is to provide competitive remuneration
    ethnicity, sexuality or any other individual factor      that aligns executives’ remuneration with shareholder
                                                             value and rewards the executives’ achievement of the
•   should further Heartland’s aspiration to achieve
                                                             Group’s strategies and business plans.
    pay equity across the organisation

•   rewards for high performance                             All senior executives receive a base salary and are
                                                             also eligible to participate in short-term and, in some
•   has the flexibility to cater for Heartland’s             cases, long-term incentive plans under which they
    operational differences                                  are rewarded for achieving key performance and
•   recognises the link between company performance          operating results.
    and remuneration, and the importance of creation
                                                             Disclosure of the CEO’s remuneration is included in
    of shareholder value
                                                             the Directors’ disclosures section from page 51 of this
•   is understood by employees.                              Annual Report.

The full Remuneration Policy is available on Heartland’s
shareholder website at shareholders.heartland.co.nz.
Heartland’s Corporate Governance, People,
Remuneration and Nominations Committee (the
Committee) is kept up to date with relevant market
information and best practice, obtaining advice from
external advisors when necessary. Heartland has used
PriceWaterhouseCoopers as a consultant for advice on
various remuneration activities including, but not limited
to, the structure of its long-term incentive schemes and
the valuation of the performance rights under these
schemes.

Remuneration levels are reviewed annually for market
competitiveness and alignment with strategic and
performance priorities. All senior executive performance
is assessed by the Committee with reference to Group
risk management policies and frameworks.




                                                                                                                       48
Principle 6 – Risk Management                                Principle 7 – Auditors

Directors should have a sound understanding                  The Board should ensure the quality and
of the material risks faced by the issuer and                independence of the external audit process.
how to manage them. The Board should
regularly verify that the issuer has appropriate             The Audit & Risk Committee is responsible for
processes that identify and manage potential                 overseeing the external, independent audit of
and material risks.                                          Heartland’s financial statements. This encompasses
                                                             processes for sustaining communication with
                                                             Heartland’s external auditors, ensuring that the ability
Risk management
                                                             of the external auditors to carry out their statutory
The Board ensures that Heartland has a Risk                  audit role is not impaired, or could reasonably be
Management Programme in place which identifies,              perceived to be impaired, to address what other
manages and communicates the key risks that may              services may be provided by the external auditors
impact Heartland’s business. Specific risk management        to Heartland, and to provide for the monitoring and
strategies have been developed for each of the key           approval of any such services.
risks identified. The Audit & Risk Committee of the
Board oversees the risk management programme and             Heartland’s External Auditor Independence Policy
strategy. Heartland also has in place insurance cover for    provides guidelines to ensure that non-audit related
insurable liability and general business risk.               services do not conflict with the independent role of
                                                             the external auditor, and the Audit & Risk Committee
                                                             ensures that non-audit work undertaken by the
Health and safety
                                                             auditors is in accordance with that Policy. That Policy
Heartland promotes a working environment where we            also sets out guidelines in relation to the tenure and
engage with all our people, so that together we can          re-appointment of the external auditor, which the
maintain a workplace that is mentally and physically         Audit Committee ensures are complied with. Refer to
safe and healthy, and to promote a positive health           Heartland’s shareholder website,
and safety culture. We engage with our people to             shareholders.heartland.co.nz, for a copy of the External
identify, assess, control and review risk, with a focus on   Auditor Independence Policy.
continuous improvement of health and safety.
                                                             The external auditor monitors its independence and
All Group employees are required to read and attest          reports to the Audit & Risk Committee bi-annually
to our Health, Safety and Wellbeing Policy. Induction        to confirm that it has remained independent in the
includes instruction on our Health, Safety and               previous six months, in accordance with Heartland’s
Wellbeing Policy and procedures. The Health & Safety         External Auditor Independence Policy and the external
Committee, representing all employees, convenes every        auditor’s policies and professional requirements. There
second month to discuss reported incidents, accidents        have been no threats to auditor independence identified
and near misses, initiatives and tabled reports.             during the year ended 30 June 2021.
Incidents, accidents and near misses are registered in
our Risk Management System (RMS). A Health & Safety          Heartland also has an internal audit function which
Report that includes RMS data, number of employee            is independent of the external auditors. The Audit &
insurance claims, number of employees accessing              Risk Committee approves the annual internal audit
counselling, and summaries of initiatives is provided to     programme, which is developed in consultation with
the Executive Risk Committee and to the Board.               management of Heartland.

In the year ended 30 June 2021, there have been no
notifiable events to report to WorkSafe New Zealand.




49 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                                                   CO R P O R AT E GOV E R N A N CE




Principle 8 – Shareholder Rights & Relations              •   information provided to analysts and media
                                                              during briefings
The Board should respect the rights of
shareholders and foster constructive                      •   Heartland’s shareholder website
relationships with shareholders that encourage                shareholders.heartland.co.nz
them to engage with the issuer.                           •   the Annual Meeting, at which shareholders
                                                              have the opportunity to ask questions
The Board is committed to maintaining a full and
open dialogue with all shareholders, as outlined in the   •   annual reports.
Disclosure Policy which is available on Heartland’s
shareholder website, shareholders.heartland.co.nz.        The Board encourages full participation of shareholders
Heartland keeps shareholders informed through:            at the Annual Meeting to ensure a high level of
                                                          accountability. Heartland’s external auditor also
•   periodic and continuous disclosure to NZX             attends the Annual Meeting and is available to answer
    and ASX                                               questions relating to the external audit.




                                                                                                                50
Directors’ disclosures
Puakanga kaitohutohu

Directors
The following persons were directors of Heartland and its subsidiaries during the year ended 30 June 2021.



Company                             Directors                         Status

Heartland Group                     Geoffrey Thomas Ricketts          Independent Director (Chair)
Holdings Limited
                                    Gregory Raymond Tomlinson         Non-Independent Director (Deputy Chair)

                                    Ellen Frances Comerford           Independent Director

                                    Jeffrey Kenneth Greenslade        Executive Director

                                    Christopher Robert Mace           Independent Director


Heartland Bank Limited              Bruce Robertson Irvine            Independent Director (Chair)

                                    Ellen Frances Comerford           Independent Director (resigned 12/3/2021)

                                    Jeffrey Kenneth Greenslade        Non-Independent Director

                                    Edward John Harvey                Independent Director

                                    Shelley Maree Ruha                Independent Director

                                    Kathryn Mitchell                  Independent Director

                                    Geoffrey Thomas Ricketts          Independent Director


ASF Custodians Pty Limited          Richard Glenn Udovenya

                                    Jeffrey Kenneth Greenslade


Australian Seniors                  Jeffrey Kenneth Greenslade
Finance Pty Limited
                                    Christopher David Andrew Cowell

                                    Andrew Peter Dixson

                                    Sharon Susan Yardley

                                                                      Appointed 06/07/2020 and resigned
                                    Grant Stuart Kemble
                                                                      31/03/2021




51 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
Company                            Directors                           Status

Heartland Australia                Jeffrey Kenneth Greenslade
Holdings Pty Ltd
                                   Christopher David Andrew Cowell

                                   Andrew Peter Dixson

                                   Sharon Susan Yardley

                                   Grant Stuart Kemble                 Appointed 06/07/2020 and resigned
                                                                       31/03/2021


Heartland Australia                Jeffrey Kenneth Greenslade
Group Pty Ltd
                                   Christopher David Andrew Cowell

                                   Andrew Peter Dixson

                                   Sharon Susan Yardley

                                   Grant Stuart Kemble                 Appointed 06/07/2020 and resigned
                                                                       31/03/2021


Heartland NZ Trustee Limited       Philippa Rosemary Drury

                                   Christopher Patrick Francis Flood


Heartland PIE Fund Limited         Jeffrey Kenneth Greenslade

                                   Bruce Robertson Irvine


Marac Insurance Limited            Andrew James Aitken

                                   Christopher Patrick Francis Flood

                                   Christopher Robert Mace

                                   Sarah Elizabeth Ann Smith           Resigned 01/04/2021


VPS Properties Limited             Christopher Patrick Francis Flood




When determining whether a director of Heartland is independent, the factors described in the NZX Code as
possibly impacting a director’s independence were considered and it was determined that none of those factors
applied to the directors noted above as independent.




                                                                                                                52
Interests register
The following are the entries in the Interests Register of Heartland (and its subsidiaries) made during the year ended
30 June 2021.


Indemnification and insurance of directors

Heartland has given indemnities to, and has effected insurance for, directors of Heartland and its subsidiaries to
indemnify and insure them in respect of any liability for, or costs incurred in relation to, any act or omission in their
capacity as directors, to the extent permitted by the Companies Act 1993. The cost of the insurance premiums to the
Group for the year ended 30 June 2021 was $240,270 (including GST).

Share dealings by directors

Details of individual directors’ share dealings as entered in the Interests Register of Heartland under Section 148(2)
of the Companies Act 1993 during the year ended 30 June 2021 are as follows (all dealings are in ordinary shares
unless otherwise specified):




E J Harvey

Date of acquisition/
                            Nature of relevant interest    Acquisition/disposal          No. of shares   Consideration
disposal

9 October 2020              Allotment under DRP            Acquisition                   2,517           $3,887.41

16 March 2021               Allotment under DRP            Acquisition                   2,836           $5,114.80




J K Greenslade

Date of acquisition/
                            Nature of relevant interest    Acquisition/disposal          No. of shares   Consideration
disposal

9 December 2020             Transfer of Shares             Disposal                      1,993,078



B R Irvine

Date of acquisition/
                            Nature of relevant interest    Acquisition/disposal          No. of shares   Consideration
disposal

9 October 2020              Allotment under DRP            Acquisition                   2,355           $2,936.74

9 October 2020              Allotment under DRP            Acquisition                   8,167           $10,184.05

16 March 2021               Allotment under DRP            Acquisition                   2,654           $4,786.56

16 March 2021               Allotment under DRP            Acquisition                   9,203           $16,597.86




53 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                                            D I R EC TO R S ' D I SC LOS U R E S




S Ruha

Date of acquisition/
                       Nature of relevant interest   Acquisition/disposal   No. of shares    Consideration
disposal

6 October 2020         Ordinary Shares               Acquisition            38,523           $50,079.90

7 October 2020         Ordinary Shares               Acquisition            58,450           $77,738.50

8 October 2020         Ordinary Shares               Acquisition            17,550           $23,341.50

3 November 2020        Ordinary Shares               Acquisition            36,477           $49,243.95

16 March 2021          Allotment under DRP           Acquisition            3,116            $5,619.79



K Mitchell

Date of acquisition/
                       Nature of relevant interest   Acquisition/disposal   No. of shares    Consideration
disposal

3 November 2020        Ordinary Shares               Acquisition            15,243           $20,000.00

4 November 2020        Ordinary Shares               Acquisition            7,795            $10,000.00

9 November 2020        Ordinary Shares               Acquisition            3,747            $5,000.00

12 November 2020       Ordinary Shares               Acquisition            7,391            $10,000.00

13 November 2020       Ordinary Shares               Acquisition            7,391            $10,000.00

1 April 2021           Ordinary Shares               Acquisition            2,864            $4,982.99

6 April 2021           Ordinary Shares               Acquisition            2,880            $4,982.99

6 April 2021           Ordinary Shares               Acquisition            2,897            $4,982.99

7 April 2021           Ordinary Shares               Acquisition            2,880            $4,983.02




                                                                                                             54
General notice of disclosure of interests in the interests register

Details of any changes to Heartland and Heartland Bank directors’ general disclosures entered in the relevant
interests register under Section 140 of the Companies Act 1993 during the year ended 30 June 2021 are as follows:


                                   Appointed director to Airtasker Limited from 1 February 2021 and Lendi Group Pty Ltd
                                   from 3 May 2021.
E J Comerford
                                   Appointed director to Auscred Ltd from 31 August 2020 and ceased directorship from
                                   2 May 2021.


E J Harvey                         No amendments for year ended 30 June 2021.


                                   Ceased directorship of Original Foods Limited from 2 November 2020, House of Travel
B R Irvine                         ESP Trustee Limited from 23 December 2020 and Limeloader Irrigation Limited from 2
                                   February 2021.


C R Mace                           No amendments for the year ended 30 June 2021.


K Mitchell                         No amendments for year ended 30 June 2021.

                                   Appointed director to MCF Amplify Limited from 2 December 2020, MCF3 Green Limited
                                   from 12 April 2021 and MCF3 E&P Holdco Limited from 24 June 2020.
                                   Ceased directorship of MCF2 Nexus Limited from 1 December 2020, MCD 7 Limited
G T Ricketts
                                   from 1 December 2020, MCF 8 Limited from 1 December 2020, MCF 9 Limited from 1
                                   December 2020 and The New Zealand Centre for Independent Studies Limited from 21
                                   June 2021.

                                   Appointed director to Hobson Wealth Holdings Limited from 10 December 2020, Analey
S M Ruha                           Investments Limited from 16 February 2021, TaxGift Limited from 28 April 2021 and
                                   Hobson Wealth Partners Limited from 17 May 2021.

                                   Appointed director to Tomlinson Group Argenta GP Limited from 19 February 2021.
                                   Ceased directorship of The Icehouse Limited from 27 November 2020, Impact Capital
G R Tomlinson
                                   Limited from 21 December 2020, Argenta Limited from 9 March 2021, Forte Health
                                   Limited from 29 March 2021 and Forte Health Group Limited from 29 March 2021.


J K Greenslade                     No amendments for year ended 30 June 2021.


Details of Heartland Bank directors’ general disclosures entered in the relevant interest register under Section 140 of
the Companies Act 1993 prior to 1 July 2020 can be found in earlier Annual Reports.


Specific disclosures of interest in the interests register

There were no specific disclosures of interests in transactions entered into by Heartland or its subsidiaries (including
Heartland Bank) during the period 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021.


Information used by directors

No director of Heartland or its subsidiaries (including Heartland Bank) disclosed use of information received in his or
her capacity as a director that would not otherwise be available to that director.




55 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                                 D I R EC TO R S ' D I SC LOS U R E S




Heartland and Heartland Bank Directors’ relevant interests

                                             Number of ordinary                   Number of ordinary
                                             shares –                             shares –                            Number
    Director                                 beneficial                           non-beneficial1                     of options

    J K Greenslade                           1,993,078                            Nil                                 Nil

    E J Harvey                               140,265                              6,475,976                           Nil

    B R Irvine                               586,377                              6,475,976                           Nil

    C R Mace                                 14,337,489                           6,475,976                           Nil

    G T Ricketts                             13,267,285                           6,475,976                           Nil

    G R Tomlinson                            58,392,997                           Nil                                 Nil

    S Ruha                                   154,116                              Nil                                 Nil

    K Mitchell                               53,088                               Nil                                 Nil

1
    The non-beneficial interest in the 6,475,976 shares arises from those directors being a trustee of the Heartland
    Trust, which held 6,475,976 shares in Heartland as at 30 June 2021.



Directors’ remuneration
The current total fee pool for the non-executive directors of Heartland and its subsidiaries approved by shareholders
at the Annual Shareholder Meeting of Heartland Bank held on 22 November 2016 is $1,200,000 per annum.1

The table below sets out the fees payable to the non-executive directors of Heartland for the year ended 30 June
2021 based on the position(s) held.


    Board/committee2                                                              Position                            Fees (per annum)


    Board of Directors                                                            Chair                               $150,000
                                                                                  Member                              $100,000


    Heartland Audit & Risk Committee                                              Chair                               $15,000
                                                                                  Member                              Nil


    Heartland Bank Audit Committee                                                Chair                               $15,000
                                                                                  Member                              Nil


    Heartland Bank Risk Committee                                                 Chair                               $15,000
                                                                                  Member                              Nil

    Corporate Governance, People,                                                 Chair                               $15,000
    Remuneration and Nominations Committee Nominations                            Member                              Nill


The total remuneration and value of other benefits3 received by each non-executive director who held office in
Heartland and/or any of its subsidiaries during the year ended 30 June 2021 is set out in the following table.
Directors’ fees exclude GST where appropriate.




1
    On 4 October 2018, NZX granted Heartland a waiver from Rule 3.5.1, to the extent that this Rule requires the Directors' Remuneration Pool to
    be authorised by an Ordinary Resolution of Heartland (as opposed to Heartland Bank).
2
    If a director sits on both the Heartland and Heartland Bank boards, they are only entitled to receive one fee.
3
    In addition to these amounts, Heartland meets costs incurred by directors, which are incidental to the performance of their duties. This includes
    providing directors with telephone concessions and paying the cost of directors’ travel. As these costs are incurred by Heartland to enable
    directors to perform their duties, no value is attributable to them as benefits to directors for the purposes of the tables included in this report.



                                                                                                                                                     56
                                                      Heartland                          Heartland Bank
                                                     directorships                        directorships

                                                            Corporate
                                                            Governance,
                                         Audit & Risk                              Audit            Risk                    Total
     Director           Board fees                          People,                                                Other
                                         Committee4                                Committee        Committee               remuneration
                                                            Remuneration
                                                            and Nominations
                                                            Committee

     E F Comerford      $100,000          $15,000            -                      -                $2,5005         -      $117,500

     E J Harvey         $100,000                             -                      $15,000          -               -      $115,000

     B R Irvine         $150,000                             -                      -                -               -      $150,000

     K Mitchell         $100,000                             -                      -                -               -      $100,000

     C R Mace           $100,000                             -                      -                -               -      $100,000

     G T Ricketts       $150,000                             $15,000                -                -               -      $165,000

     S M Ruha6          $100,000                             -                      -                $12,500         -      $112,500

     G R Tomlinson      $100,000                             -                      -                -               -      $100,000

                                                   Subsidiary directorships

     A J Aitken         $32,0007                                                    -                -               -      $32,000

     E F Comerford      A$50,000 8                           -                      -                -               -      $53,805

     P Drury            $20,000 9                                                   -                -               -      $20,000

     C R Mace           $15,00010                                                   -                -               -      $15,000

     R G Udovenya       A$30,00011                                                                                          $32,283

     Total                                                                                                                  $1,113,08812




Remuneration and/or other benefits from the company and its subsidiaries to executive directors
The remuneration for the Executive Director (being, in Heartland’s case, the CEO) includes a fixed remuneration
component, a variable remuneration component comprising short-term incentives (STIs) and long-term incentives
(LTIs), and other benefits. LTIs are offered to selected employees (including the CEO) in order to incentivise them to
enhance long-term shareholder value.




4
     Heartland Audit & Risk Committee commenced from 31 August 2020.
5
     Resigned as Chair of the Heartland Bank Risk Committee with effect from 31 August 2020.
6
     Commenced as Chair of the Heartland Bank Risk Committee from 31 August 2020.
7
     Fees paid to A J Aitken as a director of MARAC Insurance Limited.
8
     Fees paid to E F Comerford by Heartland Australia Group Pty Limited and Heartland Australia Holdings Pty Limited (E F Comerford resigned
     as a director from 26 July 2019 but still receives fees in return for consultancy services provided to those companies).
9
     Fees paid to P Drury as a director of Heartland NZ Trustee Limited.
10
     Fees paid to C R Mace as Chair of MARAC Insurance Limited.
11
     Fees paid to R G Udovenya as a director of ASF Custodians Pty Limited.
12
     For the purposes of this table, A$ fees have been converted to NZ$ using an exchange rate of $1.07610.



57 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                             D I R EC TO R S ' D I SC LOS U R E S




STI scheme                                                                   This feature, in conjunction with the other features
                                                                             of the Performance Rights Plan, ensures that the
The CEO is entitled to receive STIs which are cash
                                                                             FY2021 Grant will vest only if, and to the extent, that
payments, determined by the Board, and paid at the
                                                                             sustainable shareholder value is created during the
end of a financial year for exceeding performance
                                                                             performance period.
expectations in the relevant financial year. Ultimately,
STI payments are entirely discretionary and entitlement
is not guaranteed even if performance expectations                           CEO remuneration disclosures
have been met or exceeded.                                                   In the year ended 30 June 2021, the CEO received
                                                                             a fixed salary, a variable remuneration component
LTI schemes                                                                  comprising STI, and other benefits as detailed in the
                                                                             below tables. The tables also show a comparison
Set out below is a summary of the grants made to the
                                                                             between the year ended 30 June 2020 and the year
CEO under LTI schemes relating to the financial year
                                                                             ended 30 June 2021 and a summary of the CEO’s total
ended 30 June 2021.
                                                                             remuneration over the last five financial years.

Performance Rights Plan – FY2021 Grant                                       This year, Heartland has presented the summary using
Under the Performance Rights Plan – FY2021 Grant,                            both the cost to Heartland (being the accounting cost)
the CEO was issued performance rights which,                                 of all current LTI grants made to the CEO, and also
subject to continuous employment except in limited                           the value of the awards which actually vested and
circumstances and achievement of certain financial                           were referable to the relevant financial year (being the
measures, specified culture and conduct measures and                         amount of remuneration actually received by the CEO
key strategic objectives over the period commencing                          in relation to service during the relevant financial year).
1 July 2020 and ending on 30 June 2023, were to                              The accounting cost of all current LTI grants differs from
vest into up to one share in Heartland. The Board                            the value of the awards which actually vested. This is
subsequently extended the performance period to end                          because the accounting cost of a grant is determined
on 30 June 2024.                                                             at the time the grant is made, reflects the uncertainty
                                                                             around whether the relevant performance criteria will
The Scheme Rules provide flexibility to adjust the                           be met, and is spread over the entire performance
relevant performance hurdles, including in order to                          period of that grant. There are no LTI grants which
account for changes during the performance period.                           vested in respect of FY2021.




CEO remuneration (FY2021 and FY2020)

                                                                                            At risk pay
     Financial year ended        Salary            Benefits13                                                                      Total
                                                                      STI                                 LTI
     30 June 2021                $989,200          $10,800            $1,000,000        Cost to Heartland        $650,66614        $2,650,666
                                                                                        in FY2021

                                                                                        Benefit to CEO           $0                $2,000,000
                                                                                        attributable to
                                                                                        FY2021
     30 June 2020                $989,200          $10,800            $956,512          Cost to Heartland        $87,52015         $2,044,032
                                                                                        in FY2020

                                                                                        Benefit to CEO           $0                $1,956,512
                                                                                        attributable to
                                                                                        FY2020




13
      Motor vehicle
14
      Cost of FY2018/2019 grant spread over the three-year service period (noting that this grant was amended, and has effectively been spread
      over its five-year service period). Also includes cost of FY2021 grant spread over its four-year service period.
15
      This amount is net of a pre-existing reserve which had been built up pre-FY2020. Including the reserve, the total accounting cost of the
      grants would have been $309,180.



                                                                                                                                                 58
Five-year summary of total CEO remuneration

As noted above, this year Heartland has presented the below summary using the value of the awards which actually
vested during the relevant financial year, the cost to Heartland as reflected in its accounts during that financial year
and the remuneration actually received by the CEO in relation to service during the relevant financial year.


                                                                                                          Annual               LTI benefit
                                                Value of             Percentage         Span of
                           Percentage                                                                     LTI cost to          to CEO
     Financial year                             LTI awards           LTI vesting        relevant LTI
                           STI against                                                                    Heartland in         attributable to
     ended                                      vested in that       against            performance
                           maximum                                                                        that financial       that financial
                                                financial year       maximum16          period
                                                                                                          year                 year

     30 June 2021          100%                 $0                   N/A                N/A               $650,66617           $0

     30 June 2020          96%                  $0                   N/A                N/A               $87,520   18
                                                                                                                               $0

     30 June 2019          45%                  $1,379,161           100%               FY2019   19
                                                                                                          $683,552       20
                                                                                                                               $950,71321

     30 June 2018          90%                  $736,489             100%               FY201822          $683,55223           $736,48924

     30 June 2017          100%                 $736,489             100%               FY201725          $475,58926           $736,48927


Breakdown of CEO At Risk Pay (FY2020)

                                                                                                                              Percentage
                 Description                                           Performance measures
                                                                                                                              achieved

     STI         Up to 100% of base salary based on the                Based on achievement of financial and                  100%
                 achievement of financial and non-financial            non-financial performance expectations.28
                 performance expectations.

     LTI         N/A                                                   N/A                                                    N/A




16
       Where “N/A”, there were no maximum limits for the relevant period.
17
       Cost of FY2018/2019 grant spread over its three-year service period (noting that this grant was amended, and has effectively been spread
       over its five-year service period). Also includes cost of FY2021 grant spread over its four-year service period.
18
       This amount is net of a pre-existing reserve which had been built up pre-FY2020. Including the reserve, the total accounting cost of the
       grants would have been $309,180.
19
       The service period for the Senior Executive Scheme shares which are being treated as vesting in FY2019 was FY2019. However, the FY2017
       grant spanned FY2017-FY2019.
20
       The accounting cost of the Senior Executive Scheme, the FY2018/2019 grant and the FY2017 grant spread over their respective service
       periods.
21
       Includes the value of the Senior Executive Shares attributable to FY2019. Also includes the value of the FY2017 grant which vested in full.
       The full amount of this vesting was $642,672, however it was referable to a three-year service period. One third ($214,224) was referable to
       FY2019.
22
       The service period for the Senior Executive Scheme shares which are being treated as vesting in FY2018 was FY2018.
23
       The accounting cost of the Senior Executive Scheme, the FY2018/2019 grant and the FY2017 grant spread over their respective service
       periods.
24
       Includes the value of the Senior Executive Shares attributable to FY2018.
25
       The service period for the Senior Executive Scheme shares which are being treated as vesting in FY2017 was FY2017.
26
       The accounting cost of the Senior Executive Scheme and the FY2017 grant spread over its service periods.
27
       Includes the value of the Senior Executive Shares attributable to FY2017.
28
       STI payments are entirely discretionary and entitlement is not guaranteed even if measures are achieved.



59 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                                                        D I R EC TO R S ' D I SC LOS U R E S




CEO Grant under Performance Rights Scheme (FY2021 Grant)

                                                                                                 Summary of
                                                 Face value of award
 Type of scheme                                                         Length of vesting        performance
                         Basis of award          and % of award
 interest                                                               period                   measures and
                                                 vesting at threshold
                                                                                                 targets

 Performance rights      A number of             $2,000,000 face        16 October 2020          Continued
 (2021 Grant)            performance rights      value.                 to the date falling      employment and
                         equal to 200% of                               20 business days         achievement of
                         FY2020 base salary      100% vesting on        following the date       certain financial
                         divided by the          full achievement       on which Heartland       performance, culture
                         Heartland volume        of performance         announces its full       and conduct, and
                         weighted average        measures or partial    year results for the     strategic objectives
                         share price on the      vesting depending      year ending 30 June      during the vesting
                         date of issue.          upon the extent to     2024.                    period.
                                                 which performance
                                                 measures were met.




Summary of Heartland’s TSR performance (30 June 2016 – 30 June 2021)




The above total shareholder return (TSR) performance graph is provided to aid comparability between Heartland’s
performance and the remuneration information provided in this section. TSR has been calculated as at the end of
the five-year period to 30 June 2021, including the benefit of imputation credits. A comparison is shown against the
NZX50 Index which measures the performance of the 50 largest eligible stocks listed on the NZX Main Board by
float-adjusted market capitalisation.


CEO remuneration as a multiple of staff remuneration

The CEO’s salary as a multiple of the staff average is 10.5 times (FY20: 10.7 times), and his total remuneration as a
multiple of the staff average is 25.9 times (FY20: 19.76 times).




                                                                                                                         60
Executive remuneration
Utu tumu whakarae
The number of employees of Heartland and its subsidiaries (including former employees), other than directors, who
received remuneration, including non-cash benefits, in excess of $100,000 during the year ended 30 June 2021 is set
out in the remuneration bands detailed below.



Remuneration                     Number of employees

$100,000 - $109,999                       21
$110,000 - $119,999                       17
$120,000 - $129,999                       34
$130,000 - $139,999                       22
$140,000 - $149,999                       17
$150,000 - $159,999                       10
$160,000 - $169,999                       10
$170,000 - $179,999                       3
$180,000 - $189,999                       5
$190,000 - $199,999                       2
$200,000 - $209,999                       3
$210,000 - $219,999                       1
$220,000 - $229,999                       3
$230,000 - $239,999                       3
$240,000 - $249,999                       1
$250,000 - $259,999                       3
$260,000 - $269,999                       2
$280,000 - $289,999                       3
$290,000 - $299,999                       3
$300,000 - $309,999                       1
$330,000 - $339,999                       1
$340,000 - $349,999                       1
$350,000 - $359,999                       1
$370,000 - $379,999                       1
$380,000 - $389,999                       1
$390,000 - $399,999                       1
$400,000 - $409,999                       1
$410,000 - $419,999                       1
$560,000 - $569,999                       1
$570,000 - $579,999                       2
$630,000 - $639,999                       1
$920,000 - $929,999                       1
$980,000 - $989,999                       1

Grand total                              178


61 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
Our sustainability journey
Tō mātou hinonga whakaukauka

As an organisation trusted by thousands of customers                                         Mahi tika Do the right thing.
and shareholders across New Zealand and Australia,
Heartland has a corporate responsibility to ensure its          Kia tika, kia pono – do what’s right and true. In the spirit
business is operating in a way that’s sustainable for our       of ‘Mahi tika’, Heartland is working towards ambitious
communities, the environment and our stakeholders.              sustainability targets across the organisation. By
                                                                making sustainability a strategic priority, we’re doing
Through our sustainability framework, which sets                our part to protect the planet, serve our people and
                                                                communities, and improve economic outcomes for our
out the three key pillars of our sustainability strategy,
                                                                stakeholders.”
Heartland achieved significant milestones in FY2021
and set further goals for the coming year.
                                                                Laura Byrne - Chief Operating Officer




                   Environmental conservation
                   Acting as kaitiaki of our natural environment




    Reducing our direct impact on           Creating an internal culture of          Creating business practices that
    the environment.                        environmental awareness and              support good environmental
                                            conscientiousness.                       outcomes.


Our FY2021 achievements                                     Our goals for the year ahead
–    GHG emissions reduced from 1,157 tCO2e in              –    Undertake an official waste audit to determine
     FY2019, to 955 tCO2e in FY2020.                             how we can reduce the environmental impact of
                                                                 our wastage.
–    Published ambitious GHG emissions reduction
     targets.                                               –    Promote and encourage our people to commute
                                                                 sustainably.
–    Reduced the size of our vehicle fleet and
     began evaluating options to transition to a            –    Continue our transition towards digitalising
     primarily hybrid and electric fleet.                        paper-based customer letters and lowering our
                                                                 vehicle emissions.
–    Contracted for certified renewable energy for
     all of our New Zealand electricity consumption.        –    Begin to trial a number of sustainable
                                                                 lending projects.
–    Established an internal Green Team to champion
     environmental initiatives and drive change.




63 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                  Social equity
                  Caring for our people, customers and communities



Ensuring our conduct and culture      Making a positive difference in          Creating and fostering internal
drives fair outcomes for our          our communities.                         and external cultures of diversity
customers.                                                                     and inclusivity.


Our FY2021 achievements                                         Our goals for the year ahead

–   Completed our Conduct and Culture Work Plan.                –       Complete the final steps to achieve the
                                                                        Rainbow Tick.
–   Developed our new Iho Pūmanawa recruitment
    strategy.                                                   –       Continue our work towards achieving
                                                                        gender balance at all levels of the
–   Became New Zealand’s first Hearing Accredited                       organisation.
    Workplace.
                                                                –       Evaluate the diversity of our current supply
–   Increased the proportion of Māori employees at                      chain and consider ways to support a more
    Heartland by over 3%.                                               diverse network.




                 Economic prosperity
                 Creating sustainable economic outcomes for our stakeholders




Positively contributing to the         Enhancing economic outcomes            Creating sustainable economic
New Zealand and Australian             for customers through                  value for our shareholders.
economies.                             digitalisation.



Our FY2021 achievements                                             Our goals for the year ahead

–   Launched Rocket, an app for school leavers                      –    Present Rocket to 10+ schools in
    designed to bridge financial literacy gaps in                        FY2022.
    New Zealand.
                                                                    –    Promote Heartland’s values amongst
–   Developed a self-serve online home loan                              our new and existing supply chain
    application, reducing the cost of onboarding and
                                                                         partners as part of an updated
    thereby providing cost-savings for customers in the
                                                                         Procurement Policy.
    form of market-leading rates.
                                                                    –    Continue our digitalisation work to
–   Built multiple app features designed to create a
                                                                         save customers time while offering
    frictionless in-app experience and save customers
    valuable time and energy.                                            competitive rates.

–   Paid a total dividend of 11.0 cents per share, despite
    RBNZ restrictions on dividends by banks.




                                                                                                                    64
Environmental conservation
Te atawhai ā-taiao

HIGHLIGHTS




955                                     tCO2e
                                        GHG emissions in FY2020, reduced
                                        from 1,157 tCO2e in FY2019




By 2025, we aim to reduce GHG
emissions from the FY2019 baseline by   35%
7%                                      503
decrease in the size of                 trees planted on behalf of Heartland
Heartland’s vehicle fleet               employees as part of Christmas gift




P OT E N T I A L I M PAC T O F D I G I TA L I S I N G T H E S I G N I N G O F D O C U M E N T S B Y C U S TO M E R S




328,004 39 132,854 L
sheets of paper saved                              trees protected         water conserved




13,390 kg                                                                  878 kg
CO2 emissions averted                                                      waste avoided




65 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                    S US TA I N A B I L I T Y




Heartland’s ambitious Greenhouse Gas                        worked to reduce our fleet size by 7%, which alone
emissions reduction targets                                 could decrease our carbon emissions by as much as
                                                            32.2 metric tonnes of CO2 per year. We will continue to
Heartland is a proud member of the Climate Leaders
                                                            identify opportunities to decrease our fleet size over the
Coalition, working with other Kiwi organisations to
                                                            next financial year.
limit global warming within 2°C of pre-industrial
levels. During FY2021, Heartland formulated and
                                                            In addition, we are in the process of reviewing the
published our GHG emissions reduction targets
                                                            types of vehicles that currently make up Heartland’s
which go a step further than what is outlined in the
                                                            fleet and which are candidates for replacement. We
Paris Agreement, aiming to keep global temperatures
                                                            are currently creating a full transition plan for multiple
within 1.5°C.
                                                            Heartland locations, including the installation of
                                                            charging stations, which we will begin to implement
During FY2021, the carbon reporting for our FY2019
                                                            throughout FY2022.
baseline year was independently audited by Toitū
Envirocare, and minor corrections and methodology
improvements have now been incorporated.                    Launching the Green Team
                                                            FY2021 saw the creation of an internal Green Team,
Heartland’s mandatory GHG emissions reported
                                                            made up of Heartland employees with a passion
for FY2020 were 955 tCO2e, of which 406.4 tonnes
                                                            for environmental conservation and the drive to
are direct emissions (Scope 1), 87.5 tonnes are from
                                                            implement change across the business. The Green
electricity indirect emissions (Scope 2) and 461 tonnes
                                                            Team has been split into focus groups, each looking
are indirect Scope 3 emissions. This is an absolute
                                                            into how Heartland can make sustainable changes
reduction of 17% from the 1,157 tCO2e reported for
                                                            to waste management, commuting habits, customer
FY2019, plus a significant reduction per business unit
                                                            communications, properties and more.
once the growth in the overall business is considered.
The reduction can be attributed to both the initial         One project in progress is the switching of fluorescent
activities in our emissions reduction plan, as well as      lights for LED lights in the Newmarket, Auckland
the inadvertent reduction in our travel emissions due to    offices, which house over half of Heartland’s
COVID-19.                                                   people. This project has the potential to reduce our
                                                            annual CO2 emissions by 4 tonnes and our power
As we begin actively working to reduce our emissions,
                                                            consumption by 41,000kWh.
we encourage interested parties to find out more
about sustainability at Heartland by visiting
shareholders.heartland.co.nz (see the About Heartland       Looking forward to FY2022
menu item on the website). Here you can read more           In addition to the achievements above, over the last
about the specifics of our GHG emissions reduction          financial year, Heartland has laid the foundation
targets, as well as updates on our sustainability           for other exciting initiatives that we aim to bring
initiatives moving forward.                                 to fruition. The Green Team will be spearheading
                                                            multiple initiatives, including undergoing a waste
Optimising our vehicle fleet                                audit, installing composting methods and setting an
                                                            overall waste reduction target, as well as looking into
Heartland’s vehicle fleet allows our lending relationship
                                                            a new environmentally friendly commuting incentive
managers to visit customers and intermediaries across
                                                            programme.
New Zealand. Since the beginning of FY2021, we’ve




                                                                                                                         66
     Green Team
Social equity
Te tōkeke ā-hapori

G R A N T ED BY T H E H E A RT L A N D T RUS T1




$448,183
8
new members appointed
to the Rangatahi (Youth)
Advisory Board




    7.1%                                                           3
of Heartlanders identify as                      new internal groups and                          Became New Zealand’s first
Māori, compared with 2.3%                        committees formed, including                     Hearing Accredited Workplace
industry average                                 Kainga Pasifika (Pasifika Committee)




Read more about Heartland’s diversity initiatives on page 33.


1
    The Heartland Trust is a registered charitable trust which is independent from, but closely supported by, Heartland and Heartland Bank.



67 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                 S US TA I N A B I L I T Y




Completing our Conduct and Culture Work Plan               Fostering a diverse group
                                                           of leaders at Heartland
As part of cultivating a sustainable business, Heartland
has a core focus on maintaining good conduct and           Heartland recognises the benefits of cultivating
culture in everything we do. Heartland launched its        leadership skills earlier on in women’s careers, in
Conduct and Culture Work Plan in FY2020, following         particular because a number of the female leaders
the recommendations that came out of the 2018              within the Strategic Management Group grew into
Financial Markets Authority and RBNZ conduct and           those roles over time. We have recently welcomed a
culture review. The plan was then completed in 2021,       new cohort to Kia Eke, a group created to help women
including the following key initiatives.                   at Heartland build confidence and ambition. The
                                                           programme for 2021 includes sessions on imposter
•   Published Manawa-Taki, an internal digital             syndrome, developing people leadership skills and
    resource that is central to providing good outcomes
                                                           learning from Heartland’s female directors.
    for our customers.

•   Improved tools and reporting for customer              Heartland also aims to grow a culturally diverse
    feedback.                                              group of leaders from within the organisation. In April
                                                           2021, 14 people graduated from Hīkina, Heartland’s
•   Created an alert in our core banking system to help
                                                           Māori leadership programme with Indigenous Growth
    identify vulnerable customers and mitigate possible
                                                           Limited. The programme was designed to encourage
    issues before they occur.
                                                           Māori employees to take leadership opportunities, and
•   Launched a quality assurance programme to              demonstrate how their cultural values are transferable
    review phone calls and identify areas where we         and add value to the organisation.
    can improve our services.
                                                           In FY2020, Heartland acknowledged the importance of
Supporting our communities                                 diversifying the perspectives of its strategic leadership
through the Heartland Trust                                by creating the Rangatahi Advisory Board, a group
                                                           of employees aged 35 and under. Their purpose is
Through the Heartland Trust (the Trust), we support
                                                           to diversify the perspectives of Heartland’s Senior
a number of organisations, clubs and schools. The
                                                           Management Group, and ultimately the Board, by
Trust is funded by dividends paid by its Heartland
                                                           providing unique insights on our people and customers
shareholding. Despite the RBNZ’s dividend restrictions
                                                           to enhance Heartland’s strategic initiatives. In FY2021,
in FY2021 reducing the amount of funding received,
                                                           the Rangatahi Advisory Board accepted eight new
the Trust was able to make grants totalling $448,183
                                                           members of different genders, cultures, backgrounds
in areas like education, arts and culture, sport and
                                                           and business areas who contribute their perspectives
wellbeing. The Trust’s criteria were recently reviewed
                                                           and experience towards Heartland’s strategy.
to better align with Heartland’s mātāpono (values)
and strategic objectives, leading to the addition of
two new sponsorship pillars to allow the Trust to more     Looking forward to FY2022
readily support initiatives which foster environmental
                                                           Over the coming year, one of our main focuses in
conservation and promote mental health.
                                                           the social equity space will be on working towards
                                                           achieving gender balance at all levels of the
The Trust is proud to be a long-term supporter of the
                                                           organisation – this includes growing more female
InZone Education Foundation (InZone), which aims to
                                                           leaders, ensuring our hiring processes are equitable,
enhance the educational outcomes of Māori and Pasifika
                                                           and creating a space for gender diverse people to be
youth by providing hostels in high performing school
                                                           represented in the workplace. This is described within
zones. Heartland’s Manawa Ako internship programme
                                                           the Diversity Report from page 36.
was developed from our relationship with InZone. A
number of InZone students have participated in the
                                                           Another area on which we’ll be focusing is our supply
programme and are now working in permanent roles at
                                                           chain and the diversity of our partners. The first step
Heartland, or have continued to tertiary education.
                                                           will be evaluating Heartland's current supply chain to
                                                           determine how diverse it is – from there, we will begin
Read more about Manawa Ako and our Manawa Ako
                                                           looking into ways we can support a more diverse and
alumni in the Diversity Report on page 33.
                                                           inclusive network. For example, supporting more female
                                                           or Māori-owned businesses.
The Trust has maintained many of its other existing
sponsorships, including four boys’ rugby teams
and three girls’ rugby teams, as well as Auckland
University’s Kupe Leadership Scholarship, Lifeline,
Auckland Writers Festival and WORD Christchurch
Festival.




                                                                                                                      68
Economic prosperity
Te tōnuitanga ohaoha

HIGHLIGHTS




$200m $188m
approved from Home Loans online                         loaned to consumers and businesses
applications received during FY2021                     through Heartland Extend




270
                                                              My daughter came home enthusiastic and
                                                              engaged about the presentation. She was
                                students and school
                                                              able to clearly explain it to me and has
                                leavers introduced            already used it to plan for her next steps
                                to financial literacy         at university and long-term travel goals.”
                                app Rocket
                                                              – St. Dominic’s College parent




D E L I V E R I N G S H A R E H O L D E R VA L U E



                                                        Dividend per share (cents per share)




107.2%
                                                                                                     7.0
                                                                             6.5
                                                             5.5
                                                                                            2.5

                                                                                            4.5      4.0
                                                             3.5             3.5



total shareholder return over the last five years
(20 August 2016 – 20 August 2021)                           FY18             FY19          FY20     FY21

                                                          Interim dividend     Final dividend




69 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                        S US TA I N A B I L I T Y




Bridging financial literacy gaps                             During FY2021, Heartland designed, built and released
                                                             a number of digital updates designed to make the
In FY2021, Heartland built and launched its financial
                                                             Heartland Mobile App even better for customers to
literacy app called Rocket, designed to help school
                                                             use, and to increasingly allow customers to self-serve.
leavers become familiar with important financial
                                                             Some of these included the ability to personalise the
concepts as they step into the real world. The
                                                             app, open some accounts end-to-end within the app
Rangatahi Advisory Board held 15 workshops at
                                                             as a new customer, set automatic regular payments
secondary schools around Auckland during the second
                                                             and transfers, self-reset their password, download
half of FY2021, presenting to hundreds of students on
                                                             documents and more.
banking basics and demonstrating how the app works.

The response from students and parents has been              Delivering sustainable economic
positive, with a number of learnings resulting from the      value for shareholders
workshops and impacting the future direction of Rocket.
                                                             Heartland continued to deliver positive economic
Over the next financial year, the goal is to deliver
                                                             outcomes for shareholders despite the economic
workshops to at least 10 schools, while continuing to
                                                             challenges presented by COVID-19, including the
develop our presentations.
                                                             RBNZ restrictions on dividends by banks. After the
                                                             easing of RBNZ restrictions, we were pleased to be
                                                             able to pay a final dividend of 7.0 cents per share
                                                             (cps), bringing our total dividend in respect of FY2021
                                                             to 11.0 cps.

                                                             In addition to this, Heartland delivered total
                                                             shareholder return (TSR) of 107.2% for the five-year
                                                             period 20 August 2016 - 20 August 2021, compared
                                                             with the NZX50 Index TSR of 81.9% in the same
                                                             period, while also delivering growth in earnings per
                                                             share (EPS) (up 2.4 cps to 14.9 cps).1


                                                             Looking forward to FY2022
                                                             Over the next financial year, Heartland aims to solidify
Creating a frictionless customer experience                  the strategic direction of the Rocket app and determine
                                                             market fit. We will also continue running financial
Heartland’s vision is to be the service provider that
                                                             literacy presentations with our established pilot schools
customers find easiest to deal with, which we aim
                                                             with whom we can work to continue to develop our
to achieve by digitalising everything we do. We
                                                             presentations. In addition to this digital solution for
are already in the process of replacing traditionally
                                                             financial literacy, Heartland will continue exploring
manual processes, like loan applications and banking
                                                             other ways to streamline traditionally manual banking
transactions, with digital solutions. The benefits of this
                                                             processes through digitalisation. In doing so, we can
approach from an economic perspective are twofold.
                                                             save our customers valuable time while lowering the cost
                                                             to onboard, which can then lead to further cost savings
Firstly, customers can engage with Heartland in the
                                                             for customers in the form of low rates.
way that best suits them, whether from the Heartland
Mobile App, the website or through Heartland Digital.
                                                             Heartland’s sustainability efforts have the potential
By removing or reducing traditional constraints, such
                                                             to reach even further if we’re able to use our spending
as the requirement to visit a bank branch or call, we’re
                                                             power to influence our customers and partners to follow
saving precious time for customers.
                                                             our lead. One of our goals for FY2022 is to update
                                                             our Procurement Policy to tie it more closely with our
Secondly, digital solutions have a positive economic
                                                             sustainability framework. The updated framework
impact on Heartland as they significantly reduce
                                                             will put processes in place for promoting Heartland’s
the cost to onboard. In some cases, these savings
                                                             values amongst our new and existing supply chain
can then be passed on to customers in the form of
                                                             partners. By doing so, we can enable positive economic
market-leading rates. A great example of this was the
                                                             outcomes for businesses that share our commitment to
relaunch of Heartland Home Loans in October 2020,
                                                             sustainability, as well as increase our shared impact.
where we disrupted the market with the lowest fixed
rate in the country at the time. This was made possible
because of Heartland’s self-serve, online application,
which allowed customers to apply on their own time
without needing to speak to a mortgage manager or
bank representative.                                         1
                                                                 Underlying EPS was 15.1 cps, up 1.8 cps from FY2020.



                                                                                                                             70
Financial commentary
Whakawākanga ahumoni

Heartland Group Holdings Limited (Heartland)
(NZX/ASX: HGH) is pleased to announce a net
profit after tax (NPAT) of $87.0 million for the
financial year ended 30 June 2021 (FY2021), an
increase of $15.1 million (20.9%) compared with
the financial year ended 30 June 2020 (FY2020)1 .
On an underlying2 basis, FY2021 NPAT was
$87.9 million, an increase of $11.0 million (14.3%)
compared with the FY2020 underlying NPAT.



Financial position
Total assets increased by $359.5 million (6.8%)
during FY2021, driven by a $371.8 million (8.0%)
increase in Receivables.

Receivables growth was experienced primarily in
Motor, Australian Reverse Mortgages, Asset Finance3,
Business Relationship, digital Home Loans and New
Zealand Reverse Mortgages, partly offset by decreases
in Harmoney and other personal lending, Rural
Relationship, Open for Business (O4B) and Livestock.
Momentum in lending and a strong pipeline supported
growth in the second half of FY2021 (2H2021) of
$312.4 million (13.4%)4, a significant uplift from $59.3
million (2.5%)5 in the first half of FY2021 (1H2021).
                                                                            Profitability
Borrowings6 increased by $326.5 million (7.2%).                             NPAT was $87.0 million, a $15.1 million (20.9%)
Funding other than deposits increased $407.2 million,                       increase on FY2020. Underlying NPAT was $87.9
mainly driven by an increase in wholesale and                               million, a $11.0 million (14.3%) increase on FY2020.
securitised funding. This resulted in deposits
                                                                            Return on equity (ROE) was 11.9%, up 144 basis
decreasing $80.7 million.
                                                                            points (bps) from FY2020. Underlying ROE was
                                                                            12.0%, up 86 bps from FY2020.
Net assets increased by $61.7 million to $761.7 million.
Net tangible assets (NTA) increased by $68.3 million                        Earnings per share (EPS) was 14.9 cents per share
to $678.4 million, resulting in an NTA per share of                         (cps), up 2.4 cps from FY2020. Underlying EPS
$1.16 (30 June 2020: $1.05).                                                was 15.1 cps, up 1.8 cps from FY2020.




1
    All comparative results are based on the audited full year consolidated financial statements of the Group for FY2020.
2
    Underlying results exclude the impacts of one-offs. Refer to ‘Profitability’ for details about FY2021 one-offs. A detailed reconciliation between
    reported and underlying financial information is set out on page 33 of the FY2021 full year results investor presentation. General information about
    the use of non-GAAP financial measures is set out on page 2 of that presentation.
3
    Previously referred to as Business Intermediated.
4
    Annualised 2H2021 growth including the impact of changes in FX rates.
5
    Annualised 1H2021 growth including the impact of changes in FX rates.
6
    Includes retail deposits and other borrowings.



71 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
    FY2021 one-offs included in the reported result                             3. Fair value loss on equity investment in Fuelled
                                                                                   Limited (Fuelled): A $0.5 million fair value loss
    1. Fair value gain on equity investment in
                                                                                   was recognised following Heartland Bank
       Harmoney Corp Limited (Harmoney):7 A
                                                                                   acquiring remaining Fuelled shares in April 2021.
       $3.9 million fair value gain was recognised on
       Heartland’s equity investment in Harmoney.                               4. Voluntarily accelerated amortisation of
       Harmoney listed on the ASX, and the NZX as                                  intangible assets: A $4.3 million expense
       a foreign exempt listing, in November 2020,                                 was recognised, reflecting an acceleration of
       with approximately 72% of shares (including                                 amortisation of software assets held on the
       those owned by Heartland) subject to escrow                                 balance sheet.
       arrangements. The fair value as at 30 June
       2021 takes into consideration the impact of the                          5. Write-off and provisioning of aged suspense
       restriction imposed by the escrow arrangements                              account items: $1.7 million of aged legacy
       on observed trading volumes and market prices                               suspense account transactions were written off
       (including bid and ask spreads) of Harmoney’s                               or provisioned where collectability is uncertain.
       shares.
                                                                                6. Other non-recurring expenses: $0.9 million.
    2. Fair value gain on investment property: A $0.7
       million fair value gain was recognised following                         The impact of these one-off items on the respective
       updated external valuations received on                                  financial metrics is outlined in the table below.
       Heartland Bank’s investment property portfolio.



                                                          Reported                                             Underlying

                                           FY2021             FY2020          Movement            FY2021              FY2020     Movement

NOI 8 ($m)                                    251.2              235.3                   15.8        247.1              229.8         17.3
Operating expenses                            117.7              106.8                   10.9        110.8              103.2           7.5
NPAT ($m)                                      87.0               72.0                   15.1         87.9               76.9         11.0
NIM                                          4.35%              4.33%                2 bps          4.35%               4.33%        2 bps
NIM excl. liquid assets9                     4.69%              4.59%              10 bps           4.69%              4.59%        10 bps
Cost to income (CTI) ratio                   46.8%              45.4%             1.5 pps           44.8%              44.9%      (0.1 pps)
Impairment expense ratio                     0.31%              0.65%            (34 bps)           0.31%               0.44%      (13 bps)
ROE                                          11.9%              10.5%            144 bps            12.0%               11.1%       86 bps
EPS                                       14.9 cps            12.5 cps             2.4 cps        15.1 cps            13.3 cps     1.8 cps




7
    Refer to Note 20 – Fair Value (page 115) in this Annual Report for further detail.
8
    Net operating income (NOI) includes fair value gains/losses on investments.
9
    Net interest margin (NIM) is calculated based on average gross interest earning assets excluding liquid assets.



                                                                                                                                         72
Income                                                      Impairment expense
Total NOI was $251.2 million, an increase of $15.8          Impairment expense was $15.0 million, a $14.4 million
million (6.7%) from FY2020.                                 decrease (49.1%) on FY2020. On an underlying basis,
                                                            which excludes the impact of the $9.6 million COVID-19
Underlying NOI was $247.1 million, $17.3 million (7.5%)
                                                            economic overlay in FY2020, impairment expense
higher than FY2020. This was largely due to a $16.8
                                                            was $4.8 million (24.4%) lower than FY2020. This was
million (7.8%) increase in NII, driven by $366.2 million
                                                            mainly due to remediation activity in 1H2021 together
(7.3%) higher average interest earning assets in FY2021
                                                            with retraction in the Harmoney and personal lending
than FY2020, and a 2 bps increase in NIM compared
                                                            portfolios which attract higher rates of provisioning.
with FY2020 to 4.35%.

Underlying other operating income increased by $0.4         Impairment expense in 2H2021 was $10.4 million, a
million (3.1%) compared with FY2020, primarily due to a     $5.9 million increase on 1H2021, reflecting the benefit
higher treasury result.                                     of post COVID-19 remediation activity which occurred
                                                            in 1H2021 together with a return to more normal levels
Expenses                                                    of asset growth and associated provisioning in 2H2021.

Operating expenses were $117.7 million, an increase of
$10.9 million (10.2%) on FY2020. Excluding the impact       Impact of COVID-19
of one-offs (described above), underlying operating
                                                            The impact of COVID-19 on Heartland’s portfolios
expenses were $110.8 million, $7.5 million (7.3%) higher
                                                            has been more benign than initially forecast.
compared with FY2020.
                                                            Heartland’s COVID-19 economic overlay of $9.6
Higher underlying operating expenses were primarily         million, taken in respect of FY2020, remains
due to the following:                                       unutilised. However, there remains significant
                                                            uncertainty. In particular, the continued prevalence of
1. A $6.7 million (12.2%) increase in staff expenses.       COVID-19 (including the emergence of new variants),
   On average, Heartland employed 63 more full-             vaccination rates, lockdowns in Australia and now in
   time equivalent (FTE) employees in permanent or          New Zealand, and continued uncertainty regarding
   fixed term roles compared with FY2020 to provide         when borders will re-open.
   additional support to customers in response to
   COVID-19, and to support digital and technology          Furthermore, economic stimulus has given rise to
   capability, enabling Heartland to accelerate its         the potential for inflationary pressures, a steepening
   evolution as a digitally-led financial services          interest rate environment, and a higher cost of labour
   group. The teams are now well resourced to               and inputs in the medium term. In the circumstances,
   deliver on Heartland’s strategic objectives, and         a release of the COVID-19 economic overlay is not
   the number of people employed in response to             appropriate at this stage and the overlay has been
   COVID-19 has been reduced.                               retained in full.


2. A $2.1 million (17.1%) increase in IT and
   communication expenses (as a result of                   Business performance
   software amortisation and licencing costs for            Asset Finance10
   additional FTE).
                                                            Asset Finance lending NOI was $28.5 million, an
3. Other non-recurring expenses: $0.9 million.              increase of $6.6 million (30.1%) compared with FY2020.


The CTI ratio increased to 46.8%, up 1.5 percentage         Asset Finance Receivables increased $71.9 million
points (pps) compared with FY2020. The underlying           (14.4%) to $570.9 million, reflecting Heartland
CTI ratio remained flat at 44.8%, a 0.1 pps decrease on     Bank’s focus on this portfolio through deepening and
prior year. Heartland’s continued focus on creating end-    expanding the intermediary network, and distributor/
to-end processing efficiencies through digitalisation has   vendor and point of sale support. Strong demand from
resulted in the underlying CTI ratio trending downwards     partners in the transport and logistics sector assisted
in 2H2021, at 43.9% in 2H2021 vs 45.8% in 1H2021.           growth following increased demand in the aftermath of
                                                            the COVID-19 restrictions.




10
     Previously referred to as Business Intermediated.



73 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                                                        F I N A N C I A L CO M M E N TA RY




Business Relationship                                       Motor

Business Relationship lending NOI was $26.1 million, an     Motor NOI was $69.2 million, an increase of $8.6 million
increase of $1.0 million (4.1%) compared with FY2020.       (14.2%) compared with FY2020. Motor Receivables
                                                            increased $168.1 million (14.9%) to $1,293.7 million.
Business Relationship Receivables increased $58.7           The growth was mainly from the Motor dealer book via
million (11.8%)11 to $555.1 million. Through the            car dealerships, brokers and partnerships such as Kia
Government's Business Finance Guarantee Scheme,             Finance and Jaguar/Land Rover Financial Services.
Heartland supported more than 150 businesses to
access over $60 million in funding to meet their business   In July 2021, a new vehicle finance service iOWN,
needs. In addition, Heartland Bank also provided a          provided exclusively by Heartland Bank, was launched
funding facility to Go Car Finance in 2H2021 for its        in partnership with Auto Distributors New Zealand
New Zealand loan book. This aligns with its strategy to     Limited enabling the purchase of a new or used Peugeot
diversify distribution in motor vehicle finance.            or Citroen from authorised dealerships.

The residual portfolio’s continued downward trend           Harmoney and other personal lending
reflects Heartland’s strategy to reduce non-core low
                                                            Harmoney NOI was $16.6 million, a decrease of $4.8
margin Relationship lending or risk concentrations.
                                                            million (22.4%) compared with FY2020.

O4B
                                                            Harmoney Receivables decreased by $79.9 million
O4B NOI was $14.6 million, a decrease of $0.2 million       (37.7%)11, with the New Zealand Harmoney portfolio
(1.1%) compared with FY2020.                                contracting $69.1 million (47.4%) to $76.7 million, while
                                                            the Australian Harmoney portfolio decreased by $5.2
O4B Receivables decreased $10.8 million (6.9%)11            million (9.5%)11 to $48.8 million. Both New Zealand and
to $144.5 million. COVID-19 disruptions and the             Australian portfolios continued to contract in FY2021
availability of Government-backed funding for small         as a result of high repayments combined with greater
businesses slowed O4B growth from 2H2020.                   utilisation by Harmoney of its own on-balance sheet
This trend continued in 1H2021, resulting in O4B            funding facilities. Heartland is in the latter stages of
Receivables decreasing $14.4 million (9.3%)11 to $140.7     completing its transition to offer Harmoney on-balance
million.                                                    sheet funding facilities in both New Zealand and
                                                            Australia.
2H2021 saw growth of $3.6 million in line with
improved business confidence and economic sentiment,
which is expected to fuel return to pre-COVID-19 levels
of growth.




11
     Excluding the impact of changes in FX rates.



                                                                                                                       74
Home Loans                                                  •   comparatively lower repayments in Q4 of FY2020
                                                                with property sales restricted by COVID-19
Following a successful pilot, Home Loans launched
                                                                related lockdowns and the built-up demand
in October 2020 with conservative lending criteria
                                                                associated with this
targeting high quality applicants. Loan drawdowns
slowed over the summer holiday period in 1H2021,
                                                            •   a buoyant property market with higher sales
however strong application rates have continued in
                                                                volumes.
2H2021. Online enquiries totalled $895.2 million and
more than $200 million was approved from applications
                                                            Australia
received during FY2021.
                                                            Australian Reverse Mortgages NOI was $36.2 million,
Growth was supported by Heartland’s low and market-         an increase of $1.9 million (5.5%) compared with
leading interest rates. In addition, Heartland launched a   FY2020.
new revolving credit home loan product in 2H2021 with
the lowest rate in the market at the time. Momentum in      Australian Reverse Mortgages Receivables increased
the book is pleasing, with the book expected to continue    by $92.7 million (9.5%)12 to $1,071.4 million, although
growing beyond the current rate of $12 million a month.     impacted by historically high repayments due to a
                                                            combination of factors, including:
Rural
                                                            •   comparatively lower repayments in Q4 of FY2020
Rural lending NOI was $32.2 million, an increase of $1.5
                                                                with property sales restricted by COVID-19
million (4.7%) compared with FY2020.
                                                                lockdowns

Rural Receivables decreased by $19.0 million (3.1%)
                                                            •   a buoyant property market in 1H2021
to $586.6 million. Rural Relationship Receivables
reduced by $13.1 million (2.7%) to $477.3 million,
                                                            •   seniors moving in with family and pooling
while Livestock Receivables decreased by $5.9 million
                                                                financial resources
(5.1%) to $109.4 million. The downward trend reflects
Heartland’s strategy to reduce non-core low margin          •   higher value homes being more cost effective
Rural Relationship lending.                                     to sell and downsize compared with ‘average’
                                                                homes.
Whilst in its infancy, the Sheep & Beef Direct platform
has seen a pleasing volume of high-quality applications     Heartland’s Reverse Mortgages received support
since its launch in late 2020. At 5 August 2021, eligible   from mortgage aggregators in Australia, including
applications totalled $48.0 million, with $40.5 million     partnerships with Australian Finance Group, Choice
approved online and $30.4 million drawn down.               Aggregation and PLAN Australia.

New Zealand Reverse Mortgages
                                                            Funding and liquidity
New Zealand Reverse Mortgages NOI was $24.4
million, an increase of $0.9 million (3.6%) compared with   New Zealand
FY2020. Excluding the impact of one-offs (described         Heartland Bank increased borrowings by $94.4 million
above) from FY2020, underlying NOI increased $0.4           (2.6%), primarily as a result of an increase in other
million (1.5%) compared with FY2020.                        borrowings of $144.2 million (40.2%) which partly offset
                                                            a decrease in deposits of $49.7 million (1.5%).
New Zealand Reverse Mortgages had a record year
for new business, up 30.4% from FY2020 where the            Money market borrowings for short term funding and
final quarter (Q4) was impacted by COVID-19, and            liquidity management purposes increased by $110.2
26.2% ahead of FY2019. Performance was driven               million and secured funding increased by $42.6 million.
by investment in marketing to increase awareness,
education and lead nurturing activity, supported by         Heartland Bank continues its focus on reducing risk
lower interest rates and higher property prices.            concentrations in its deposit book while shifting the mix
                                                            towards lower rate call deposits where Heartland is
Receivables increased by $41.6 million (7.4%) to $601.5     relatively underweight. This resulted in the call to total
million, impacted by elevated repayments in 1H2021          deposit ratio increasing to 30% as at 30 June 2021 (30
due to:                                                     June 2020: 25%).




12
     Excluding the impact of changes in FX rates.



75 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                                                       F I N A N CI A L CO M M E N TA RY




Heartland Bank’s savings products have also received       Australia
market recognition, being awarded Canstar’s Bank of
                                                           The Heartland Australia group (comprising Heartland
the Year – Savings Award in 2021 (fourth consecutive
                                                           Australia Holdings Pty Ltd and its subsidiaries)
year), and Canstar’s 5-Star Rating for Outstanding
                                                           increased borrowings by A$247.6 million (29.1%),
Value Savings Account for its Direct Call (sixth
                                                           largely as a result of A$36 million further drawdowns
consecutive year) and YouChoose accounts (second
                                                           of the existing warehouse funding, new issuance of a
consecutive year). Heartland Bank also expanded its
                                                           A$75 million MTN and, in a first-of-its-kind transaction,
savings products with the introduction of a 32-day
                                                           a A$142 million new long-term mortgage-backed
Notice Saver account.
                                                           syndicated loan for the Australian Reverse Mortgage
                                                           business funded by established offshore institutional
Heartland Bank decreased total liquidity by $99.1
                                                           investors. This transaction achieved another milestone
million (13.7%) primarily due to a $72.5 million (18.6%)
                                                           in executing Heartland’s strategy to diversify type,
decrease in investments for liquidity management
                                                           source and tenor of its Australian funding and,
purposes.
                                                           importantly, evidences market liquidity to existing
                                                           warehouse funders.
Heartland Bank increased its committed auto
warehouse facility from $150 million to $300 million
                                                           The Heartland Australia group continues to successfully
in May 2020, and its target holding of cash and cash
                                                           execute on its strategic funding programme to cater
equivalents in response to the uncertain economic
                                                           for strong growth in its portfolios, with a further A$45
and liquidity impacts of COVID-19 in 2H2020, which it
                                                           million MTN issued in July 2021, adding further diversity
continued to maintain in 2H2021. As a result, Heartland
                                                           to the funding base.
Bank holds liquidity well in excess of regulatory
minimums.
                                                           Heartland Australia group has access to A$1.25 billion
                                                           of committed funding in aggregate. Further expansion
Heartland Bank’s capital position has progressively
                                                           of existing warehouse funding through increased senior
increased during 2H2021, reflecting its continued strong
                                                           limits and the introduction of mezzanine funding is well
profitability and the RBNZ restrictions on distributions
                                                           advanced, and focus will continue to be on sourcing
imposed in 2H2020. Heartland Bank’s regulatory
                                                           optimal long-term duration matched funding.
capital ratio was 13.88% as at 30 June 2021 (30 June
2020: 12.67%), well in excess of regulatory minimums
and providing a strong platform for Heartland Bank to
meet RBNZ’s future higher capital requirements.




                                                                                                                     76
Financial
statements
Tauākī
ahumoni
FOR THE Y E AR E NDE D 30 JUNE 2021
General information
These financial statements are issued by
Heartland Group Holdings Limited (HGH) and
its subsidiaries (the Group) for the year ended
30 June 2021.

Name and address for service
The Group’s address for service is Level 3,
Heartland House, 35 Teed Street, Newmarket,
Auckland 1023.

Details of incorporation
HGH was incorporated in New Zealand under
the Companies Act 1993 on 19 July 2018.



Auditor
KPMG
KPMG Centre
18 Viaduct Harbour Avenue
Auckland



Other material matters
There are no material matters relating to
the business or affairs of the Group that are
not disclosed in these consolidated financial
statements which, if disclosed, would
materially affect the decision of a person to
subscribe for debt or equity instruments of
which the Group is the issuer.
      FINANCIAL                      NOTES                  PERFORMANCE
     STATEMENTS




77                           88                         93
General information          1. Financial statements   2. Segmental analysis
Auditor                          preparation
Other material matters



81                                                      94
Directors                                               3. Net interest income




82                                                      95
Directors’ statements                                   4. Net operating
                                                           lease income
                                                        5. Other income




83                                                      96
Consolidated statement                                  6. Operating expenses
of comprehensive income                                 7. Compensation of auditor




84                                                      97
Consolidated statement                                  8. Impaired asset expense
of changes in equity




85                                                      98
Consolidated statement                                  9. Taxation
of financial position




86                                                      100
Consolidated statement                                  10. Earnings per share
of cash flows




79 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
FINANCIAL POSITION           RISK MANAGEMENT            OTHER DISCLOSURES




101                         122                         133
11. Investments             21. Enterprise risk        25. Significant subsidiaries
12. Derivative financial        management program     26. Structured entities
     instruments



103                         125                         134
13. Finance receivables     22. Credit risk exposure   27. Staff share ownership
                                                             arrangements



108                         129                         136
14. Operating              23. Liquidity risk          28. Insurance business,
     lease vehicles                                          securitisation, funds
15. Borrowings                                               management, other
                                                             fiduciary activities




109                         130                         137
16. Share capital and      24. Interest rate risk      29. Concentrations
     dividends                                              of funding




110                                                     138
17. Other reserves                                      30. Contingent liabilities
                                                             and commitments
                                                        31. Events after the
                                                             reporting date

111
18. O ther balance
                                                         AUDITOR’S REPORT
     sheet items




113                                                     139
19. Related party                                      Auditor’s Report
    transactions and
    balances




115
                                                                                  80
20. Fair value
Directors
All Directors of HGH reside in New Zealand with the exception of Ellen Frances Comerford who resides in Australia.
Communications to the Directors can be sent to Heartland Group Holdings Limited, 35 Teed Street, Newmarket,
Auckland 1023. At the time of the signing of these consolidated financial statements the Directors of HGH and their
details were:


Name: GEOFFREY THOMAS RICKETTS CNZM                          Qualifications: LLB (Hons), LLD (honoris causa), CFInstD
Chairman - Board of Directors                                Occupation: Company Director
Type of Director: Independent Non-Executive Director

External Directorships: Janmac Capital Limited, Maisemore Enterprises Limited, MCF2 Message4U Limited, MCF3
Amplify Limited, MCF3 Green Limited, MCF3 E&P Holdco Limited, MCF 10 Limited, MCF2 (Fund 1) Limited, MCF2A
General Partner Limited, MCF2 GP Limited, MCF3 GP Limited, MCF3B General Partner Limited, MCF3A General
Partner Limited, MCF2 FFF-GK Limited, MCF3 Cook Limited, MCF3 TEG Limited, MCF3 Resourceco Limited, MCF3
Squiz Limited, MC Medical Properties Limited, Mercury Capital No.1 Fund Limited, Mercury Capital No. 1 Trustee
Limited, Mercury Medical Holdings Limited, New Zealand Catholic Education Office Limited, NZCEO Finance Limited,
O & E Group Services Limited, Oceania and Eastern Finance Limited, Oceania and Eastern Group Funds Limited,
Oceania and Eastern Holdings Limited, Oceania and Eastern Limited, Oceania and Eastern Securities Limited,
Oceania North Limited, Oceania Securities Limited, Quartet Equities Limited.



Name: ELLEN FRANCES COMERFORD                                Qualifications: BEc
Type of Director: Independent Non-Executive Director         Occupation: Company Director

External Directorships: Airtasker Limited, Comerford Gohl Holdings Pty Limited, Hollard Holdings Australia Pty
Limited, Lendi Group Pty Limited, The Hollard Insurance Company Pty Limited.



Name: SIR CHRISTOPHER ROBERT MACE KNZM                       Qualifications: CMInstD
Type of Director: Independent Non-Executive Director         Occupation: Company Director

External Directorships: Akitu Equities Limited, Akitu Capital Limited, Akitu Group Company No 1 Limited, Akitu
Group Company No 2 Limited, Akitu Group Company No 3 Limited, Akitu Health Services Limited, Akitu Investments
Limited, Akitu Investments No 2 Limited, Goldburn Resources Limited, Helicopter Enterprises Limited, Janik Equities
Limited, Janmac Capital Limited, J N S Capital Limited, Mace Capital Limited, Mace Construction Limited, Mace
Developments Limited, Mace Enterprises Limited, Mace Investments Limited, Maisemore Enterprises Limited,
Nuffield Forestry Limited, Oceania and Eastern Finance Limited, Oceania and Eastern Group Funds Limited, Oceania
and Eastern Holdings Limited, Oceania and Eastern Limited, Oceania and Eastern Securities Limited, O & E Group
Services Limited, Paroa Bay Station Limited, PPT Trustee (NZ) Limited, Quartet Equities Limited, St. Just Enterprises
Limited, Te Puia Tapapa GP Limited, The Aotearoa Circle.



Name: GREGORY RAYMOND TOMLINSON                              Qualifications: AME
Type of Director: Non-Independent Non-Executive Director     Occupation: Company Director

External Directorships: Alta Cable Holdings Limited, Chippies Vineyard Limited, Indevin Group Limited, Little
Ngakuta Trust Company Limited, Mountbatten Trustee Limited, Nearco Stud Limited, Oceania Healthcare Limited,
Pelorus Finance Limited, St Leonards Limited, Tomlinson Group Argenta GP Limited, Tomlinson Group NZ Limited,
Tomlinson Holdings Limited, Tomlinson Group Investments Limited, Tomlinson Ventures Limited.




Name: JEFFREY KENNETH GREENSLADE                             Qualifications: LLB
Type of Director: Non-Independent Executive Director         Occupation: Chief Executive Officer of HGH

External Directorships: Henley Family Investments Limited.




81 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                             F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



Directors’ statements
The consolidated financial statements are dated 23 August 2021 and have been signed by all the Directors.




G T Ricketts (Chair)                                   E F Comerford




J K Greenslade                                         Sir C R Mace




G R Tomlinson




                                                                                                                            82
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
For the year ended 30 June 2021


$000’s                                                                               Note      June 2021   June 2020

Interest income                                                                            3    327,935     346,802
Interest expense                                                                           3     94,418     130,129

Net interest income                                                                             233,517     216,673


Operating lease income                                                                     4      5,004        5,946
Operating lease expense                                                                    4       3,149       4,063

Net operating lease income                                                                        1,855       1,883


Lending and credit fee income                                                                     8,090       10,811
Other income                                                                               5      3,634        3,882

Net operating income                                                                            247,096     233,249


Operating expenses                                                                         6     117,658    106,794

Profit before impaired asset expense and income tax                                             129,438     126,455


Fair value gain on investment                                                                     4,092        2,097
Impaired asset expense                                                                     8      14,974      29,419

Profit before income tax                                                                        118,556      99,133


Income tax expense                                                                         9     31,530       27,161

Profit for the year                                                                              87,026      71,972


Other comprehensive income
Items that are or may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss, net of income tax:
Effective portion of change in fair value of derivative financial instruments                     8,940       (2,179)
Movement in fair value reserve                                                                   (5,646)         766
Movement in foreign currency translation reserve                                                    (68)         114
Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year, net of income tax                                 3,226      (1,299)


Total comprehensive income for the year                                                          90,252      70,673


Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share                                                               10           15c          12c
Diluted earnings per share                                                             10           15c          12c




Total comprehensive income for the year is attributable to the owners of the Group.

The notes to the financial statements form an integral part of, and should be read in conjunction with,
these consolidated financial statements.




83 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                   F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



Consolidated statement of changes in equity
For the year ended 30 June 2021


                                                  June 2021                                          June 2020

                                     Share               Retained        Total       Share                  Retained         Total
$000’s                       Note   Capital   Reserves   Earnings       Equity      Capital    Reserves     Earnings        Equity

Balance at
                                    576,257    (5,500)   129,223      699,980      558,970       (4,297)     120,995      675,668
beginning of year

NZ IFRS 16 adjustment                     -          -           -             -           -            -        (751)        (751)
Restated balance at
                                    576,257    (5,500)   129,223      699,980      558,970       (4,297)     120,244       674,917
beginning of year


Total comprehensive
income for the year
Profit for the year                       -          -     87,026       87,026             -            -      71,972       71,972
Other comprehensive
income/(loss), net of income tax          -      3,226           -       3,226             -      (1,299)            -      (1,299)

Total comprehensive
                                          -      3,226     87,026       90,252             -     (1,299)       71,972       70,673
income for the year


Contributions by and
distributions to owners
Dividends paid                 16         -          -    (37,861)     (37,861)            -            -    (62,993)     (62,993)

Dividend
                               16     7,524          -           -        7,524     16,895              -            -      16,895
reinvestment plan
Transaction costs
associated with                           -          -           -             -        (28)            -            -         (28)
capital raising
Share based payments                      -      1,797           -        1,797            -         516             -          516
Shares vested                             -          -           -             -        420         (420)            -             -

Total transactions
                                      7,524      1,797   (37,861)     (28,540)      17,287            96     (62,993)     (45,610)
with owners

Balance at the end
                                    583,781      (477)   178,388      761,692      576,257       (5,500)     129,223      699,980
of the year




The notes to the financial statements form an integral part of, and should be read in conjunction with,
these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                  84
Consolidated statement of financial position
As at 30 June 2021


$000’s                                                                         Note        June 2021      June 2020

Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                    182,333        147,179

Investments                                                                      11          377,823       413,340

Investment properties                                                                         11,832         11,132

Derivative financial instruments                                                 12           14,139         17,246

Finance receivables                                                              13        3,288,466      3,045,195

Finance receivables - reverse mortgages                                          13        1,676,073      1,538,585

Operating lease vehicles                                                         14           10,865         17,603

Right of use assets                                                              18           15,985        18,362

Other assets                                                                     18           16,815        19,558

Intangible assets                                                                18           69,165         72,813
Deferred tax asset                                                                9           14,117         17,123

Total assets                                                                               5,677,613      5,318,136



Liabilities

Deposits                                                                         15        3,183,454      3,264,192

Other borrowings                                                                 15        1,675,133      1,267,931

Tax liabilities                                                                                7,440        12,303

Derivative financial instruments                                                 12            4,802         17,012

Lease liabilities                                                                18           18,166        20,456
Trade and other payables                                                         18           26,926        36,262

Total liabilities                                                                          4,915,921      4,618,156



Equity

Share capital                                                                    16          583,781       576,257
Retained earnings and reserves                                                               177,911       123,723

Total equity                                                                                 761,692       699,980



Total equity and liabilities                                                               5,677,613      5,318,136




Total interest earning and discount bearing assets                                         5,432,181      5,114,348
Total interest and discount bearing liabilities                                            4,840,310      4,518,174




The notes to the financial statements form an integral part of, and should be read in conjunction with,
these consolidated financial statements.




85 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                      F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



Consolidated statement of cash flows
For the year ended 30 June 2021


$000’s                                                                                   Note          June 2021           June 2020

Cash flows from operating activities
Interest received                                                                                        233,447             258,665

Operating lease income received                                                                             5,046               5,934
Lending, credit fees and other income received                                                              4,625              16,037

Operating inflows                                                                                        243,118             280,636

Interest paid                                                                                            (85,058)            (117,313)
Payments to suppliers and employees                                                                      (97,205)             (92,861)
Taxation paid                                                                                            (34,004)             (24,619)

Operating outflows                                                                                     (216,267)            (234,793)

Net cash flows from operating activities before changes in operating
                                                                                                          26,851               45,843
assets and liabilities

Proceeds from sale of operating lease vehicles                                                              6,821               4,969

Purchase of operating lease vehicles                                                                      (1,788)              (9,938)

Net movement in finance receivables                                                                    (296,754)            (171,617)

Net movement in deposits                                                                                 (74,608)             110,993

Net cash flows (applied to) operating activities  1
                                                                                                       (339,478)             (19,750)

Cash flows from investing activities
Sale of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets                                                      -                 118

Total cash provided from investing activities                                                                    -                118

Purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets                                           (7,562)              (6,739)
Net decrease/(increase) in investments                                                                    23,276             (45,562)
Total cash from/(applied to) investing activities                                                         15,714             (52,301)

Net cash flows from/(applied to) investing activities                                                     15,714             (52,183)

Cash flows from financing activities
Net increase in wholesale funding                                                                        309,680               85,795
Proceeds from issue of Unsubordinated Notes                                                               81,801             106,952

Total cash (provided from) financing activities                                                          391,481              192,747

Dividends paid                                                                             16            (30,337)            (46,098)

Payment of lease liabilities                                                                              (2,226)              (2,005)

Transaction costs associated with capital raising                                                                -                (28)

Total cash (applied to) financing activities                                                            (32,563)             (48,131)

Net cash flows from financing activities                                                                 358,918             144,616

Net increase in cash held                                                                                 35,154               72,683

Opening cash and cash equivalents                                                                        147,179               74,496

Closing cash and cash equivalents                                                                        182,333              147,179
1
    Cash flows from operating activities do not include cash flows from wholesale funding which are included as part of
    financing activities.


The notes to the financial statements form an integral part of, and should be read in conjunction with,
these consolidated financial statements.


                                                                                                                                     86
Consolidated statement of cash flows (continued)
For the year ended 30 June 2021

Reconciliation of profit after tax to net cash flows from operating activities



$000’s                                                                                Note         June 2021        June 2020

Profit for the year                                                                                   87,026              71,972


Add /(less) non-cash items:

Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                 14,615               9,161

Depreciation on lease vehicles                                                           14             2,801              3,634

Capitalised net interest income and fee income                                                       (68,755)         (77,429)

Impaired asset expense                                                                    8            14,974             29,419

Investment fair value movement                                                                        (4,092)             (2,097)
Other non-cash items                                                                                 (24,538)              2,488

Total non-cash items                                                                                (64,995)         (34,824)


Add/(less) movements in operating assets and liabilities:

Finance receivables                                                                                 (296,754)        (171,617)

Operating lease vehicles                                                                                5,033             (4,969)

Other assets                                                                                            3,448              9,528

Current tax                                                                                           (4,863)              4,771

Derivative financial instruments                                                                        (163)                931

Deferred tax                                                                                            3,006             (7,592)

Deposits                                                                                             (74,608)         110,993
Other liabilities                                                                                       3,392              1,057

Total movements in operating assets and liabilities                                                (361,509)         (56,898)

Net cash flows applied to operating activities1                                                    (339,478)         (19,750)

1
    Cash flows from operating activities do not include cash flows from wholesale funding which are included as part of
    financing activities.




The notes to the financial statements form an integral part of, and should be read in conjunction with,
these consolidated financial statements.




87 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                  F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



Notes to the financial statements
For the year ended 30 June 2021

1. Financial statements preparation

Reporting entity

The financial statements presented are the consolidated financial statements comprising Heartland Group Holdings
Limited (HGH) and its subsidiaries (the Group). Refer Note 25 – Significant subsidiaries for further details.

As at 30 June 2021, HGH is a company incorporated in New Zealand under the Companies Act 1993 and a Financial
Market Conduct (FMC) reporting entity for the purposes of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.


Basis of preparation

The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Practice in
New Zealand (NZ GAAP) and the New Zealand's Exchange (NZX) Main Board Listing Rules and the Australian
Securities Exchange (ASX) Listing Rules. The financial statements comply with New Zealand equivalents to
International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS) and other applicable Financial Reporting Standards as
appropriate for profit-oriented entities. The financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting
Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

The financial statements are presented in New Zealand dollars which is the Group’s functional and presentation
currency. Unless otherwise indicated, amounts are rounded to the nearest thousand dollars.

The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis after considering the Group’s funding and
liquidity position.

The accounting policies adopted have been applied consistently throughout the periods presented in these financial
statements.

Certain comparative balances have been reclassified to align with the presentation used in the current financial year.
These reclassifications have no impact on the overall financial performance or financial position for the comparative year.


Basis of measurement

The financial statements have been prepared on the basis of historical cost, except for certain financial instruments
and investment properties, which are measured at their fair values as identified in the accounting policies set out in
the accompanying notes to the financial statements.


Principles of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements of the Group incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of all controlled
entities. Controlled entities are all entities in which the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from
its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entities.
Intercompany transactions, balances and any unrealised income and expense (except for foreign currency
translation gains or losses) between controlled entities are eliminated.

Assets and liabilities in a transactional currency that is not the New Zealand dollar, are translated at the exchange
rates ruling at balance date. Revenue and expense items are translated at the average rate at the balance date.
Exchange differences are taken to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.




                                                                                                                                 88
1. Financial statements preparation (continued)

Changes in accounting standards

Accounting standards issued and effective

There have been no changes to accounting policies or other new or amended standards that are issued and effective
that are expected to have a material impact on the Group.

Accounting standards issued but not yet effective

NZ IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts was issued in July 2017 and is applicable to general and life insurance contracts. NZ
IFRS 17 will replace NZ IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts. In March 2020, the effective date of NZ IFRS 17 was deferred by
one year. As such the standard will be effective for the Group's reporting for the financial year ending 30 June 2024,
including 30 June 2023 comparatives.

MARAC Insurance Limited (MIL), a subsidiary of Heartland Bank Limited (HBL), no longer conducts insurance
business as HBL entered into a distribution agreement with DPL Insurance Limited (DPL) to distribute DPL’s
insurance products through HBL's network. MIL stopped writing insurance policies in the prior year with the last
policies expected to expire in 2025.

Other amendments to existing standards that are not yet effective are not expected to have a material impact on
the Group.



Estimates and judgements

The preparation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements requires the use of estimates and judgements. This
note provides an overview of the areas that involve a higher degree of judgement or complexity. Detailed information
about each of these estimates and judgements is included in the relevant notes together with the basis of calculation
for each affected item in the financial statements.

•   Provisions for impairment - The effect of credit risk is quantified based on the Group's best estimate of future
    cash repayments and proceeds from any security held or by reference to risk profile groupings, historical
    loss data and forward-looking information. Refer to Note 8 - Impaired asset expense, and Note 13 - Finance
    receivables for further details.

•   Investment in equity securities - Judgements have been applied in techniques to determine the fair value of
    Harmoney equity securities to reflect the underlying characteristics. Refer to Note 20 - Fair value for further
    details.

•   Fair value of reverse mortgages - Fair value is quantified by the transaction price and the Group’s subsequent
    best estimate of the risk profile of the reverse mortgage portfolio. Refer to Note 20 - Fair value for further
    details.								

•   Goodwill - Determining the fair value of assets and liabilities of acquired businesses requires the Group to
    exercise judgement. The carrying value of goodwill is tested annually for impairment, refer to Note 18 - Other
    balance sheet items.

Assumptions made at each reporting date (e.g. the calculation of the provision for impairment and fair value
adjustments) are based on best estimates as at that date. Although the Group has internal controls in place to
ensure that estimates can be reliably measured, actual amounts may differ from these estimates. The estimates and
judgements used in the preparation of the Group’s financial statements are continually evaluated. They are based
on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that may have a financial impact
on the entity. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the reporting period in which the estimates are
revised and in any future periods affected.




89 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                               F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



1. Financial statements preparation (continued)

Estimates and judgements (continued)

COVID-19 pandemic - impact on estimates and judgements

The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in the Group adopting an economic overlay for expected credit losses (ECL) to
its portfolios as at 30 June 2020 of pre-tax $9.6 million in response to the uncertain but potential economic impact
of COVID-19 on HBL's borrowers (COVID Overlay). The COVID Overlay was sized based on a range of techniques
including stress testing, benchmarking, scenario analysis and expert judgement. 				

To date, the impact of COVID-19 on HBL's borrowers has been more benign than was initially forecast, and the
COVID Overlay has not been utilised. However, the continued prevalence of COVID-19 in other countries (including
the emergence of new variants), together with vaccination rates and border closures provides an ongoing risk of
further economic disruption in New Zealand. Furthermore, Government stimulus has given rise to the potential for
inflationary pressures, a steepening interest rate environment, and a higher cost of labour and inputs in the medium
term.

Management notes the uncertainties associated with the ongoing economic impacts of COVID-19 and consequently
have decided to retain the COVID Overlay in full at this stage.

The accounting judgement that is most impacted by the COVID Overlay is the ECL on finance receivables at
amortised cost. The Group measures the allowance for ECL using an ECL impairment model in compliance with NZ
IFRS 9 Financial Instruments.

The estimates and judgements considered to apply the COVID Overlay adequately in the ECL on finance receivables
at amortised cost is further discussed in Note 8 Impaired asset expense.



Financial assets and liabilities

Financial Assets

Financial assets are classified based on:

•   The business model within which the assets are managed; and					

•   Whether the contractual cash flows of the instrument represent solely payment of principal and interest (SPPI).


The Group determines the business model at the level that reflects how groups of financial assets are managed.
When assessing the business model, the Group considers factors including how performance and risks are
managed, evaluated and reported and the frequency and volume of, and reason for sales in previous periods.

Financial assets are classified into the following measurement categories:					



Financial Assets                                   Measurement Category                                                Note
                                                  Fair value through other comprehensive income
Bank bonds and floating rate notes                                                                                     11
                                                  (FVOCI)
Public sector securities and corporate bonds      FVOCI                                                                11

Equity investments                                Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)                            11

Finance receivables – reverse mortgages           FVTPL                                                                13

Finance receivables                               Amortised cost                                                       13




                                                                                                                              90
1. Financial statements preparation (continued)

Financial assets and liabilities (continued)

Financial Assets (continued)

Financial assets measured at amortised cost

Financial assets are measured at amortised cost if they are held within a business model whose objective is
achieved through holding the financial asset to collect contractual cash flows which represent SPPI on the principal
balance.

Financial assets at amortised cost are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost
using the effective interest rate method.


Financial assets measured at FVOCI

Financial assets are measured at FVOCI if they are held within a business model whose objective is achieved both
through collecting contractual cash flows which represent SPPI on the principal balance or selling the financial asset.

Financial assets at FVOCI are measured at fair value with unrealised gains and losses recognised in other
comprehensive income except for interest income, impairment charges and foreign exchange gains and losses,
which are recognised in profit or loss.



Financial assets measured at FVTPL

Financial assets are measured at FVTPL if:

•   They are held within a business model whose objective is achieved through selling or repurchasing the financial
    asset in the near term, or forms part of a portfolio of financial instruments that are managed together and for
    which there is evidence of short-term profit taking; or

•   They are designated at FVTPL upon initial recognition to eliminate or reduce an accounting mismatch.

Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value with subsequent changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.


Financial Liabilities

Financial liabilities are classified into the following measurement categories:

•   Those to be measured at amortised cost;

•   Those to be measured at FVTPL.



Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost

Financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost if they are not held for trading or not designated at FVTPL.

Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost are accounted for using the effective interest rate method.



Financial liabilities measured at FVTPL

Financial liabilities are measured at FVTPL if:

•   They are held for trading whose principal objective is achieved through selling or repurchasing the financial
    liability in the near term, or forms part of a portfolio of financial instruments that are managed together and
    for which there is evidence of short-term profit taking; or
•   They are designated at FVTPL upon initial recognition to eliminate or reduce an accounting mismatch.

Financial liabilities at FVTPL are measured at fair value with subsequent changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.




91 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                   F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



1. Financial statements preparation (continued)

Financial assets and liabilities (continued)

Financial Liabilities (continued)

Further details of the accounting policy for each category of financial asset or financial liability mentioned
above is set out in the note for the relevant item.

The Group’s policies for determining the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities are set out in
Note 20 - Fair value.

Recognition

The Group initially recognises finance receivables and borrowings on the date that they are originated. All other
financial assets and liabilities (including assets and liabilities designated at FVTPL) are initially recognised on
the trade date at which the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.

Derecognition

The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire,
or it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows on the financial asset in a transaction in which
substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred. Any interest in
transferred financial assets that is created or retained by the Group is recognised as a separate asset.

The Group enters into transactions whereby it transfers assets recognised on its consolidated statement of
financial position, but retains either all risks or rewards of the transferred assets or a portion of them. If all or
substantially all risks and rewards are retained, then the transferred assets are not derecognised from the
consolidated statement of financial position. Transfers of assets with the retention of all or substantially all
risks and rewards include, for example, securitised assets and repurchase transactions.

Financial liabilities are derecognised when the obligation is discharged, cancelled or expires. Where an existing
financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of
an existing liability are substantially modified, the exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition of the
original liability and the recognition of a new liability, with the difference in the respective carrying amounts
recognised in profit or loss.

Offsetting financial instruments

The Group offsets financial assets and financial liabilities and reports the net balance in the balance sheet
where there is currently a legally enforceable right to set off and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or
to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.




                                                                                                                                  92
Performance

2. Segmental analysis
Segment information is presented in respect of the Group’s operating segments which are those used for the
Group’s management and internal reporting structure.


Operating segments

The Group operates within New Zealand and Australia and comprises the following main operating segments:

Motor                        Motor vehicle finance.

Reverse mortgages            Reverse mortgage lending in New Zealand.

Other personal               A range of financial services - including term, transactional and personal loans to individuals.

                             Term debt, plant and equipment finance, commercial mortgage lending and working capital
Business
                             solutions for small-to-medium sized businesses.

                             Specialist financial services to the farming sector primarily offering livestock finance, rural
Rural
                             mortgage lending, seasonal and working capital financing, as well as leasing solutions to farmers.

Australia                    Reverse mortgage lending and other financial services within Australia.



Certain operating expenses, such as premises, IT, support centre costs and tax expense are not allocated to
operating segments and are included in Other. Finance receivables are allocated across the operating segments as
assets and liabilities are managed centrally and therefore are not allocated across the operating segments.

The Group’s operating segments are different from the industry categories detailed in Note 22 - Credit risk
exposure. The operating segments are primarily categorised by sales channel, whereas Note 22 - Credit risk
exposure categorises exposures based on credit risk concentrations.


                                          Reverse            Other
$000’s                            Motor Mortgages         Personal    Business        Rural    Australia        Other           Total

June 2021

Net interest income              65,829       22,257        12,073     63,898       30,579       39,348         (467)     233,517
Net other income                   3,343        2,143        1,946       2,723          881        2,684         (141)     13,579

Net operating income             69,172       24,400       14,019      66,621       31,460       42,032         (608)     247,096


Operating expenses                 3,787        4,284        6,833     11,340         2,124      12,390       76,900      117,658
Profit/(loss) before
impaired asset expense           65,385       20,116         7,186     55,281       29,336       29,642      (77,508)     129,438
and income tax

Fair value gain
                                        -             -           -           -         700             -       3,392       4,092
on investment
Impaired asset expense             5,298              -      2,081       5,649        1,649          297             -     14,974

Profit/(loss) before
                                 60,087        20,116        5,105      49,632       28,387       29,345     (74,116)     118,556
income tax


Income tax expense                      -             -           -           -            -            -      31,530      31,530

Profit/(loss) for the year       60,087       20,116         5,105     49,632       28,387       29,345     (105,646)      87,026


Total assets                  1,287,978      601,505      137,910 1,225,710        586,318 1,149,610         688,582 5,677,613

Total liabilities                                                                                                        4,915,921




93 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                     F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



2. Segmental analysis (continued)

                                        Reverse            Other
$000’s                          Motor Mortgages         Personal     Business         Rural     Australia       Other         Total

June 2020
Net interest income            56,957      20,118          18,365      57,950       29,674        30,127         3,482     216,673
Net other income                 3,622      3,430           3,055       3,465         1,028        4,214       (2,238)       16,576
Net operating income           60,579      23,548          21,420     61,415        30,702        34,341        1,244      233,249
Operating expenses               3,248      4,804           6,776      11,283         2,648       11,680       66,355      106,794
Profit/(loss) before
impaired asset expense          57,331     18,744          14,644     50,132        28,054        22,661      (65,111)     126,455
and income tax

Fair value gain
                                     -           -               -           -             -             -       2,097        2,097
on investment
Impaired asset
                                10,160           -         11,119      10,110       (1,970)              -            -      29,419
expense/(benefit)

Profit/(loss)
                                47,171     18,744           3,525     40,022        30,024        22,661     (63,014)       99,133
before income tax

Income tax expense                   -           -               -           -             -             -      27,161       27,161

Profit/(loss) for the year      47,171     18,744           3,525     40,022        30,024        22,661     (90,175)       71,972

Total assets                 1,125,295    559,934       214,759 1,126,632         604,938        979,496      707,082 5,318,136

Total liabilities                                                                                                         4,618,156




3. Net interest income

  Policy
  Interest income and expense on financial instruments is measured using the effective interest rate method that
  discounts the financial instruments’ future cash flows to their present value and allocates the interest income or
  expense over the life of the financial instrument. The effective interest rate is established on initial recognition of
  the financial assets or liabilities and is not subsequently revised. For financial instruments at amortised cost, the
  calculation of the effective interest rate includes all yield related fees and commissions paid or received that are
  an integral part of the underlying financial instrument.


$000’s                                                                                         June 2021                  June 2020

Interest income

Cash and cash equivalents                                                                           119                        499

Investments                                                                                       6,979                      8,496

Finance receivables                                                                             232,845                    250,606

Finance receivables - reverse mortgages                                                          87,992                      87,201

Total interest income                                                                           327,935                    346,802

Interest expense

Deposits                                                                                         55,273                     90,739

Other borrowings                                                                                 35,609                     35,888

Net interest expense on derivative financial instruments                                          3,536                      3,502

Total interest expense                                                                           94,418                    130,129

Net interest income                                                                             233,517                    216,673




                                                                                                                                    94
4. Net operating lease income


  Policy
  As a lessor, the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the assets
  and therefore classifies the leases as operating leases. Rental income and expense from operating leases is
  recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating
  and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised on
  a straight-line basis over the lease term. Profits on the sale of operating lease assets are included as part of
  operating lease income. Current year depreciation and losses on the sale of operating lease assets are included
  as part of operating lease expenses. The leased assets are depreciated over their useful lives on a basis
  consistent with similar assets.




$000’s                                                                               June 2021                June 2020

Operating lease income
Lease income                                                                              3,908                   5,194

Gain on disposal of lease assets                                                          1,096                     752

Total operating lease income                                                              5,004                   5,946

Operating lease expense
Depreciation on lease assets                                                              2,801                   3,634
Direct lease costs                                                                          348                     429
Total operating lease expense                                                             3,149                   4,063
Net operating lease income                                                                1,855                   1,883




5. Other income

  Policy
  Rental income from investment property
  Rental income from investment properties is recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant
  lease.


  Insurance income
  Insurance premium income and commission expense are recognised in profit or loss from the date of
  attachment of the risk over the period of the insurance contract. Claim expense is recognised in the profit or loss
  on an accrual basis once our liability to the policyholder has been confirmed under the terms of the contract.



$000’s                                                                               June 2021                June 2020
Rental income from investment properties                                                  1,055                    1,125
Insurance income                                                                          1,096                    1,610
Gain on sale of investments                                                                 157                           -
Other income                                                                              1,117                      774
FX gain                                                                                     209                      373
Total other income                                                                        3,634                    3,882




95 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                     F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



6. Operating expenses


    Policy
    Operating expenses are recognised as the underlying service is rendered or over a period in which an asset is
    consumed or a liability is incurred.




$000’s                                                                                       June 2021                  June 2020

Personnel expenses                                                                               61,476                    54,511
Directors’ fees                                                                                    1,129                     1,059
Superannuation                                                                                    1,535                      1,069
Depreciation - property, plant and equipment                                                      2,995                      2,380
Legal and professional fees                                                                       2,876                      3,615
Advertising and public relations                                                                  5,138                      6,729
Depreciation - right of use asset                                                                  2,312                     2,324
Technology services                                                                                7,262                     6,372
Telecommunications, stationery and postage                                                        1,843                      1,886
Customer acquisition costs                                                                        6,982                      7,419
Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                 9,308                      4,456
Other operating expenses1                                                                        14,802                     14,974
Total operating expenses                                                                        117,658                   106,794

1
    Other operating expenses include compensation of auditor which is further disclosed in Note 7.



7. Compensation of auditor

$000’s                                                                                       June 2021                  June 2020

Audit and review of the financial statements   1
                                                                                                    790                        774
Other assurance services paid to auditor   2
                                                                                                     103                       133
Total compensation of auditor                                                                       893                        907

1
  Audit and review of the financial statements includes fees paid for both the audit of the annual financial statements and the
review of the interim financial statements.

2
 Other assurance services paid to auditor comprise regulatory assurance services, agreed upon procedures engagements
and supervisor reporting.




                                                                                                                                     96
8. Impaired asset expense

  Policy
  Impairment of finance receivables

  At each reporting date, the Group applies a three stage approach to measuring ECL to finance receivables not
  carried at fair value. The ECL model assesses whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since
  initial recognition.

  The ECL model is a forward looking model where impairment allowances are recognised before losses are
  actually incurred. On initial recognition, an impairment allowance is required, based on events that are possible in
  the next 12 months.
  Assets may migrate through the following stages based on their change in credit quality:

  Stage 1 - 12 months ECL (past due 30 days or less)
  Where there has been no evidence of increased credit risk since initial recognition, and finance receivables are
  not credit impaired upon origination, the portion of the lifetime ECL associated with the probability of default
  events occurring within the next 12 months is recognised.

  Stage 2 - Lifetime ECL not credit impaired (greater than 30 but less than 90 days past due)
  Where there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

  Stage 3 - Lifetime ECL credit impaired (90 days past due or more)
  Objective evidence of impairment, so are considered to be in default or otherwise credit impaired.

  In determining whether credit risk has increased all available information relevant to the assessment of economic
  conditions at the reporting date are taken into consideration. To do this the Group considers its historical
  loss experience and adjusts this for current observable data. In addition to this the Group uses reasonable
  and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions including experienced judgement to estimate the
  amount of an expected impairment loss. Future economic conditions consider macroeconomic factors such
  as unemployment, interest rate, gross domestic product, and inflation, and requires an evaluation of both the
  current and forecast direction of the economic cycle. The methodology and assumptions including any forecasts
  of future economic conditions are reviewed regularly as incorporating forward-looking information increases the
  level of judgement as to how changes in these macroeconomic factors will affect the ECL.

  The calculation of ECL is modelled for portfolios of like assets. For portfolios which are either new or too small to
  model, judgement is used to determine impairment provisions.
  For assets that are individually assessed for ECL, the allowance for ECL is calculated directly as the difference
  between the defaulted assets carrying value and the recoverable amount (being the present value of expected
  future cash flows, including cash flows from the realisation of collateral or guarantees, where applicable).




$000’s                                                                               June 2021                June 2020

Non-securitised
Individually impaired asset expense                                                       9,131                   3,385
Collectively impaired asset expense                                                       6,001                  25,637
Total non-securitised impaired asset expense                                            15,132                   29,022


Securitised
Collectively impaired asset expense                                                       (158)                     397
Total securitised impaired asset expense                                                  (158)                     397

Total
Individually impaired asset expense                                                       9,131                   3,385
Collectively impaired asset expense                                                      5,843                   26,034

Total impaired asset expense                                                            14,974                   29,419




97 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                 F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



8. Impaired asset expense (continued)

The Group’s models for estimating ECL for each of its portfolios are based on the historic credit experience of those
portfolios. The models assume that economic conditions (such as GDP growth, unemployment rates, and house
price index forecasts) remain static over time. If the Group forecasts that economic conditions may change in the
foreseeable future, the Group applies judgement to determine whether the modelled output should be subject to
an economic overlay. Judgment is required because analysis has been unable to establish any clear correlation
between key economic indicators and the credit performance of the Group’s unique portfolios.

The onset of COVID-19 caused a deterioration in economic conditions, creating uncertainty regarding the impact
on HBL’s borrowers over and above the modelled ECL. Accordingly, a COVID Overlay was sized based on a range
of techniques (including stress testing, benchmarking, scenario analysis and expert judgement) and adopted by the
Group.

The COVID-19 Overlay has not been utilised at this stage. Despite forecasts showing improvements in the economic
conditions, new variants of COVID-19 have emerged and vaccination strategies are varied and as yet unproven
across a sufficient population. Furthermore, Government stimulus has given rise to the potential for inflationary
pressures, a steepening interest rate environment, and a higher cost of labour in the medium term. Management
considers that sufficient uncertainty remains such that the COVID Overlay should be retained in full at this stage.


9. Taxation

  Policy
  Income tax
  Income tax expense for the year comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax balances, including any
  adjustment required for prior years’ tax expense. Income tax expense is recognised in profit and loss except
  to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in other comprehensive income, in which case it is
  recognised in equity or other comprehensive income.

  Current tax
  Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates
  enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to the tax payable or receivable
  in respect of previous years. Current tax for current and prior years is recognised as a liability (or asset) to the
  extent that it is unpaid (or refundable).

  Deferred tax
  Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences between
  the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for accounting purposes and the amounts used for taxation
  purposes. As required by NZ IAS 12 Income Taxes, a deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it is
  probable that a future taxable profit will be available to realise the asset.

  Goods and services tax (GST)
  Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of GST. As the Group is predominantly involved in providing
  financial services, only a proportion of GST paid on inputs is recoverable. The non-recoverable proportion of
  GST is treated as an expense or, if relevant, as part of the cost of acquisition of an asset.




                                                                                                                                98
9. Taxation (continued)


Income tax expense

$000’s                                                              June 2021   June 2020

Income tax recognised in profit or loss
Current tax
Current year                                                          30,584      30,868
Adjustments for prior year                                            (1,854)      1,834
Tax other rates                                                          426         335


Deferred tax
Current year                                                            1,283     (3,568)
Adjustments for prior year                                              1,145     (2,289)
Tax other rates                                                          (54)        (19)
Total income tax expense recognised in profit or loss                 31,530       27,161


Income tax recognised in other comprehensive income
Current tax
Derivatives at fair value reserve                                     (2,197)        768
Fair value movements of cash flow hedge                                 3,457     (1,477)
Total income tax expense recognised in other comprehensive income      1,260        (709)


Reconciliation of effective tax rate:

$000’s                                                              June 2021   June 2020

Profit before income tax                                             118,556      99,133
Tax at New Zealand income tax rate of 28%                             33,196       27,757
Higher tax rate for overseas jurisdiction                                372         316
Adjusted tax effect of items not taxable/deductible                   (1,330)       (457)
Adjustments for prior year                                              (708)       (455)
Total income tax expense                                              31,530       27,161




99 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



9. Taxation (continued)


Deferred tax assets comprise the following temporary differences:

$000’s                                                                                  June 2021                   June 2020

Employee expenses                                                                            1,647                       1,942
Share based payment                                                                            503                         692
Provision for impairment                                                                    15,097                      17,739
Intangibles and property, plant and equipment                                               (3,816)                     (4,576)
Deferred acquisition costs                                                                    (475)                       (936)
Operating lease vehicles                                                                        479                        731
Other temporary differences                                                                    682                       1,531
Total deferred tax assets                                                                   14,117                      17,123


Opening balance of deferred tax assets                                                      17,123                       9,531
Movement recognised in profit or loss                                                       (3,006)                       7,336
Movement recognised in retained earnings                                                           -                       256
Closing balance of deferred tax assets                                                      14,117                      17,123


Imputation credit account
$000’s                                                                                  June 2021                   June 2020
Imputation credit account                                                                   19,990                       5,676




10. Earnings per share

                                                                June 2021                               June 2020
                                                                       Weighted                             Net      Weighted
                                                                        Average                           Profit      Average
                                                   Earnings Net Profit    No. of           Earnings       After         No. of
                                                  Per Share After Tax    Shares           Per Share         Tax        Shares
                                                      Cents   $000’s      000’s               Cents      $000’s         000’s

Basic earnings                                             15      87,026    583,467               12    71,972        576,929
Diluted earnings                                           15      87,026    583,467               12    71,972        576,929




                                                                                                                             100
Financial Position
11. Investments

  Policy
  Investments are classified into one of the following categories:

  Fair value through profit or loss
  Investments under this category include equity investments and are measured at fair value plus transaction costs.
  Changes in fair value of these investments are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they occur.

  Fair value through other comprehensive income
  Investments under this category include bank bonds, floating rate notes, local authority stock, public securities
  and corporate bonds. These are initially measured at fair value, including transaction costs, and subsequently
  carried at fair value. Changes in fair value of these investments are recognised in other comprehensive income
  and presented within the fair value reserve.


  Amortised cost
  Investments under this category include bank deposits and are measured using effective interest rate method.
  They are held to collect contractual cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal
  amount outstanding.



$000’s                                                                          June 2021                    June 2020

Bank deposits, bank bonds and floating rate notes                                 351,613                      366,289

Public sector securities and corporate bonds                                        5,543                        30,716

Equity investments                                                                 20,667                        16,335

Total investments                                                                 377,823                      413,340


Refer to Note 20 - Fair value for details of the split between investments measured at fair value through profit or
loss, fair value through other comprehensive income and amortised cost.



12. Derivative financial instruments


  Policy
  The Group uses derivatives for risk management purposes. Derivatives held for risk management purposes
  include hedges that either meet the hedge accounting requirements set out in NZ IAS 39, or economic hedges
  not placed into an accounting hedge relationship.

  Derivatives are recognised at their fair value, with the derivatives being carried as assets when their fair value is
  positive and as liabilities when their fair value is negative.


  A hedged item is an asset, liability, firm commitment or highly probable forecast transaction that exposes the
  Group to risk of changes in fair value or cash flows, and that is designated as being hedged. The Group applies
  fair value hedge accounting to hedge movements in the value of fixed interest rate assets and liabilities subject
  to interest rate risk. The Group applies cash flow hedge accounting to hedge the variability in highly probable
  forecast future cash flows attributable to interest rate risk on variable rate assets and liabilities.




101 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                               F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



12. Derivative financial instruments (continued)


 Fair value hedge accounting
 The criteria that must be met for a relationship to qualify for hedge accounting include:

 •   the hedging relationship must be formally designated and documented at inception of the hedge,

 •   effectiveness testing must be carried out on an on-going basis to ensure the hedge is effective, consistent
     with the originally documented risk management strategy, and

 •   the instruments or counterparty must be a third party external to the Group.


 The Group documents, at the inception of the transaction, the relationship between hedged items and
 hedging instruments, as well as its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge
 transactions. The Group also documents its assessment, both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, of
 whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting changes in fair
 value of hedged items.

 Subsequent to initial designation, changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify for
 fair value hedge accounting are recorded through profit or loss alongside any changes in the fair value of the
 hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk.

 Where the hedged item is carried at amortised cost, the movement in fair value of the hedged item attributable
 to the hedged risk is made as an adjustment to the carrying value of the hedged asset or liability. When a
 hedging instrument expires or is sold, or when a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, the
 adjustment to carrying amount of a hedged item carried at amortised cost is amortised to the consolidated
 statement of comprehensive income on an effective yield basis over the remaining period to maturity of the
 hedged item. Where a hedged item carried at amortised cost is derecognised from the balance sheet, the
 adjustment to the carrying amount of the asset or liability is immediately transferred to the consolidated
 statement of comprehensive income.

 Cash flow hedge accounting
 The criteria that must be met for a relationship to qualify for hedge accounting include:

 •   the hedging relationship must be formally designated and documented at inception of the hedge,

 •   effectiveness testing must be carried out on an on-going basis to ensure the hedge is effective, consistent
     with the originally documented risk management strategy, and

 •   the instruments or counterparty must be a third party external to the Group.

 The Group documents, at the inception of the transaction, the relationship between hedged items and hedging
 instruments, as well as its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions.
 The Group also documents its assessment, both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, of whether the
 derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of
 hedged items.


 A fair value gain or loss associated with the effective portion of a derivative designated as a cash flow hedge
 is recognised initially in the hedging reserve. The ineffective portion of a fair value gain or loss is recognised
 immediately in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.


 When a hedging derivative expires or is sold, the hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, or
 the Group elects to revoke the hedge designation, the cumulative gain or loss on the hedging derivative remains
 in the cash flow hedging reserve until the forecast transaction occurs and affects income, at which point it is
 transferred to the corresponding income or expense line. If a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur,
 the cumulative gain or loss on the hedging derivative previously reported in the cash flow hedging reserve is
 immediately transferred to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.




                                                                                                                            102
12. Derivative financial instruments (continued)

                                                    June 2021                                 June 2020

                                       Notional    Fair Value    Fair Value       Notional    Fair Value      Fair Value
$000’s                                 Principal      Assets     Liabilities      Principal      Assets       Liabilities
Held for risk management
Interest rate related contracts
Swaps                                 1,121,179       14,122          4,533      1,140,422       17,238          16,938

Foreign currency related contracts

Forwards                                 69,525            17           269        237,900            8               74

Total derivative financial
                                      1,190,704       14,139          4,802     1,378,322        17,246          17,012
instruments



The Group has entered into credit support annexes (CSAs) which form a part of International Swaps and
Derivatives Association (ISDA) Master Agreement, in respect of certain exposures relating to derivative
transactions. As per these CSAs, the Group or the counterparty needs to collateralise the market value of
outstanding derivative transactions. As at 30 June 2021, the Group has received $4.09 million of cash collateral
(2020: nil) and advanced $0.59 million of cash collateral (2020: nil) against derivative assets and liabilities
respectively. The cash collateral received or advanced is not netted off against the balance of derivative assets and
derivative liabilities disclosed in the consolidated statement of financial position.



13. Finance receivables


(a) Finance receivables held at amortised cost



  Policy
  Finance receivables are initially recognised at fair value plus incremental direct transaction costs and are
  subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment loss.

  Fees and direct costs relating to loan origination, financing and loan commitments are deferred and amortised
  to interest income over the life of the loan using the effective interest rate method. Lending fees not directly
  related to the origination of a loan are recognised over the period of service.

  Past due but not impaired assets are any assets which have not been operated by the counterparty within their
  key terms but are not considered to be impaired by the Group.

  Individually impaired assets are those loans for which the Group has evidence that it will incur a loss, and will
  be unable to collect all principal and interest due according to the contractual terms of the loan.

  In determining whether credit risk has increased all available information relevant to the assessment including
  information about past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts of economic
  conditions at the reporting date are taken into consideration.

  The calculation of ECL is modelled for portfolios of like assets. For portfolios which are either new or too small to
  model, judgement is used to determine impairment provisions.




103 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                 F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



13. Finance receivables (continued)


(a) Finance receivables held at amortised cost (continued)

$000’s                                                                                            June 2021          June 2020

Non-securitised

Neither at least 90 days past due nor impaired                                                    3,140,489          2,945,858

At least 90 days past due                                                                            36,882              58,876

Individually impaired                                                                                38,143              24,667

Gross finance receivables                                                                         3,215,515          3,029,401

Less provision for impairment                                                                       (53,448)            (62,272)

Total non-securitised finance receivables                                                         3,162,067          2,967,129

Securitised

Neither at least 90 days past due nor impaired                                                      126,638              78,059

At least 90 days past due                                                                                   -               404

Individually impaired                                                                                       -                   -

Gross finance receivables                                                                           126,638              78,463

Less provision for impairment                                                                          (239)               (397)

Total securitised finance receivables                                                               126,399              78,066

Total

Neither at least 90 days past due nor impaired                                                    3,267,128           3,023,917

At least 90 days past due                                                                            36,882              59,280

Individually impaired                                                                                38,143              24,667

Gross finance receivables                                                                         3,342,153          3,107,864

Less provision for impairment                                                                       (53,687)           (62,669)

Total finance receivables                                                                        3,288,466           3,045,195




Movement in provision
The following table details the movement from the opening balance to the closing balance of the provision for
impairment losses by class.




                                                                                                                              104
13. Finance receivables (continued)

(a) Finance receivables held at amortised cost (continued)

Movement in provision (continued)

                                                             Lifetime ECL Lifetime ECL
                                              12 - Month        Not Credit       Credit    Specific
$000’s                                               ECL         Impaired     Impaired    Provision     Total

June 2021

Non-securitised

Impairment allowance as at 30 June 2020          32,160            2,143        22,668       5,301    62,272

Changes in loss allowance

    Transfer between stages                      (2,485)          (1,090)          (22)      3,597           -

    New and increased provision
                                                 (3,207)           1,329        13,715       6,034     17,871
    (net of collective provision releases)

    Recovery of amounts written off                    -                -       (2,739)           -   (2,739)

Credit impairment charge                         (5,692)             239        10,954       9,631    15,132

Recovery of amounts previously written off             -                -        2,739            -     2,739

Write offs                                             -                -      (19,729)     (7,303)   (27,032)

Effect of changes in foreign exchange rate          (10)                1            3            -        (6)

Acquisition of portfolio                            133               22           188            -       343

Impairment allowance as at 30 June 2021          26,591            2,405        16,823       7,629    53,448


Securitised

Impairment allowance as at 30 June 2020             260               23           114            -       397

Changes in loss allowance

    Transfer between stages                          (4)              (3)            7            -          -

    New and increased provision
                                                    (40)                2         (120)           -     (158)
    (net of collective provision releases)

    Recovery of amounts written off                    -                -             -           -          -

Credit impairment charge                            (44)              (1)        (113)            -     (158)

Recovery of amounts previously written off             -                -             -           -          -

Write offs                                             -                -             -           -          -

Effect of changes in foreign exchange rate             -                -             -           -          -

Impairment allowance as at 30 June 2021             216               22             1            -       239


Total

Impairment allowance as at 30 June 2020          32,420            2,166        22,782       5,301    62,669

Changes in loss allowance

    Transfer between stages                      (2,489)          (1,093)          (15)      3,597           -

    New and increased provision
                                                 (3,247)           1,331        13,595       6,034     17,713
    (net of collective provision releases)

    Recovery of amounts written off                    -                -       (2,739)           -   (2,739)

Credit impairment charge                         (5,736)             238        10,841       9,631    14,974

Recovery of amounts previously written off             -                -        2,739            -     2,739

Write offs                                             -                -      (19,729)     (7,303)   (27,032)

Effect of changes in foreign exchange rate          (10)                1            3            -        (6)

Acquisition of portfolio                            133               22           188            -       343

Impairment allowance as at 30 June 2021          26,807            2,427        16,824       7,629    53,687


105 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                              F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



13. Finance receivables (continued)
(a) Finance receivables held at amortised cost (continued)

Movement in provision (continued)

                                                              Lifetime ECL Lifetime ECL
                                               12 - Month        Not Credit       Credit         Specific
$000’s                                                ECL         Impaired     Impaired         Provision              Total

June 2020

Non-securitised

Impairment allowance as at 30 June 2019             30,422            1,781          18,425          7,863           58,491

Changes in loss allowance

   Transfer between stages                          (1,190)            (294)           (109)         1,593                  -

   New and increased provision
                                                     2,901            2,090          25,047          1,792           31,830
   (net of collective provision releases)

   Recovery of amounts written off                        -                 -        (2,808)              -          (2,808)

Credit impairment charge                             1,711            1,796          22,130         3,385            29,022
Recovery of amounts previously written off                -                 -         2,808               -           2,808

Write offs                                                -          (1,438)       (20,705)        (5,947)         (28,090)

Effect of changes in foreign exchange rate               27                4              10              -               41

Impairment allowance as at 30 June 2020             32,160            2,143          22,668         5,301            62,272


Securitised

Impairment allowance as at 30 June 2019                   -                 -               -             -                 -

Changes in loss allowance

    Transfer between stages                            (19)               11               8              -                 -

    New and increased provision
                                                       279                12            106               -              397
    (net of collective provision releases)

    Recovery of amounts written off                       -                 -               -             -                 -

Credit impairment charge                               260                23            114               -              397

 Recovery of amounts previously written off               -                 -               -             -                 -

 Write offs                                               -                 -               -             -                 -

 Effect of changes in foreign exchange rate               -                 -               -             -                 -

Impairment allowance as at 30 June 2020                260                23            114               -              397


Total

Impairment allowance as at 30 June 2019             30,422            1,781          18,425          7,863           58,491

Changes in loss allowance

    Transfer between stages                         (1,209)            (283)           (101)         1,593                  -

    New and increased provision
                                                     3,180             2,102         25,153          1,792           32,227
    (net of collective provision releases)

    Recovery of amounts written off                       -                 -        (2,808)              -          (2,808)

Credit impairment charge                             1,971            1,819          22,244         3,385            29,419

Recovery of amounts previously written off                -                 -         2,808               -           2,808

Write offs                                                -          (1,438)       (20,705)        (5,947)         (28,090)

Effect of changes in foreign exchange rate               27                4              10              -               41

Impairment allowance as at 30 June 2020             32,420            2,166          22,782         5,301            62,669




                                                                                                                           106
13. Finance receivables (continued)

(a) Finance receivables held at amortised cost (continued)

Impact of changes in gross finance receivables held at amortised cost on allowance for ECL


                                                                  Lifetime ECL Lifetime ECL
                                                    12 - Month       Not Credit       Credit     Specific
$000’s                                                     ECL        Impaired     Impaired     Provision            Total

June 2021

Gross finance receivables as at 30 June 2020        2,826,208         183,260         73,729       24,667        3,107,864

Transfer between stages                              (103,233)          67,419        13,314       22,499                  -

Additions                                           1,435,408                 -             -         955       1,436,363

Deletions                                           (1,065,730)       (84,886)       (20,337)        (466)     (1,171,419)

Write offs                                                    -               -      (21,142)      (9,512)        (30,655)
Gross finance receivables as at 30 June 2021         3,092,653        165,793         45,564       38,143       3,342,153


June 2020

Gross finance receivables as at 30 June 2019         2,799,282        206,882         57,043       26,412       3,089,619

Transfer between stages                                (61,191)         12,570        41,245         7,376                 -

Additions                                            1,497,073          87,843        23,610             -      1,608,526

Deletions                                          (1,402,340)       (118,572)       (37,334)      (3,174)     (1,561,420)

Write offs                                              (6,616)        (5,463)       (10,835)      (5,947)        (28,861)

Gross finance receivables as at 30 June 2020         2,826,208        183,260         73,729       24,667       3,107,864




(b) Finance receivables held at fair value


  Policy
  Finance receivables – reverse mortgages are initially recognised, and subsequently measured, at fair value
  through profit or loss.



$000’s                                                                            June 2021                      June 2020

Finance receivables - reverse mortgages                                           1,676,073                     1,538,585
Total finance receivables - reverse mortgages                                     1,676,073                      1,538,585



Note 20 (a) - Financial instruments measured at fair value discloses further information regarding the Group’s valuation
policy.
Note 22 - Credit risk exposure discloses further information regarding how reverse mortgages operate.


Credit risk adjustments on financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
There were no credit risk adjustments on individual financial assets.




107 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                    F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



14. Operating lease vehicles


    Policy
    Operating lease vehicles are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation.

    Operating lease vehicles are depreciated on a straight line basis over their expected useful life after allowing
    for any residual values. The estimated lives of these vehicles vary up to five years. Vehicles held for sale are not
    depreciated but are tested for impairment.


$000’s                                                                                 June 2021                        June 2020

Cost
Opening balance                                                                           24,098                           21,623
Additions                                                                                   1,788                            9,938
Disposals                                                                                 (9,772)                          (7,463)
Closing balance                                                                            16,114                           24,098


Accumulated depreciation
Opening balance                                                                             6,495                            6,107
Depreciation charge for the year                                                            2,801                            3,634
Disposals                                                                                 (4,047)                          (3,246)
Closing balance                                                                             5,249                            6,495


Opening net book value                                                                     17,603                          15,516
Closing net book value                                                                     10,865                           17,603

The future minimum lease payments receivable under operating leases not later than one year is $2.141 million
(2020: $3.487 million), within one to five years is $1.406 million (2020: $2.053 million) and over five years is nil
(2020: nil).


15. Borrowings

    Policy
    Borrowings and deposits are initially recognised at fair value including incremental direct transaction costs. They
    are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.



$000’s                                                                                June 2021                         June 2020

Deposits                                                                              3,183,454                         3,264,192
Total deposits                                                                        3,183,454                         3,264,192



Unsubordinated Notes                                                                    521,399                           448,228
Securitised borrowings                                                                1,043,516                           819,703
Certificate of deposit                                                                   69,853                                    -
Repurchase agreement1                                                                    40,365                                    -
Total other borrowings                                                                1,675,133                         1,267,931
1
    The amounts disclosed as securities sold under arrangements to repurchase include $40.0 million (face value) of high
    quality liquid assets. The cash consideration received (recognised as a liability) was $40.4 million.




                                                                                                                                 108
15. Borrowings (continued)

Deposits and unsubordinated notes rank equally and are unsecured.

The Group has the following unsubordinated notes on issue at reporting date. Australian (AU) borrowings are
stated in their functional currency AU dollars.

                                                                                                          Frequency of
Principal                 Valuation                 Issue Date             Maturity Date           Interest Repayment

$150 million         Amortised cost          21 September 2017        21 September 2022                  Semi annually

$125 million         Amortised cost               12 April 2019             12 April 2024                Semi annually

AU $100 million      Amortised cost          13 November 2019                13 May 2022                     Quarterly

AU $45 million       Amortised cost               8 March 2021              21 April 2023                    Quarterly
AU $75 million       Amortised cost            15 January 2021              21 April 2023                    Quarterly



At 30 June 2021 the Group had the following securitised borrowings outstanding:

  • Heartland Auto Receivables Warehouse Trust 2018-1 securitisation facility $300 million, drawn $108 million
    (2020: $300 million, drawn $66 million). Notes issued to investors are secured over the assets of the Heartland
    Auto Receivables Warehouse Trust 2018-1. The facility has a maturity date of 29 August 2022.
  • Senior Warehouse Trust securitisation facility AU $600 million, drawn AU $556 million (2020: AU $600 million,
    drawn AU $544 million). Notes issued to investors are secured over the assets of Seniors Warehouse Trust.
    The facility has a maturity date of 30 September 2022.
  • Senior Warehouse Trust No. 2 securitisation facility AU $250 million, drawn AU $182 million (2020: AU $250
    million, drawn AU $160 million). Notes issued to investors are secured over the assets of Seniors Warehouse
    Trust No. 2. The facility has a maturity date of 1 July 2022.

  • Atlas 2020-1 Trust securitisation facility AU $137 million, drawn AU $137 million (2020: nil). Loans issued to
    investors are secured over the assets of Atlas 2020-1 Trust and has a maturity date of 24 September 2050.



16. Share capital and dividends


  Policy
  Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of ordinary shares
  and share options are recognised as a deduction from equity, net of any tax effect.



                                                                            June 2021                     June 2020
000’s                                                                 Number of Shares              Number of Shares

Issued shares

Opening balance                                                                  580,979                      569,338

Shares issued - performance rights plan                                                 -                             817

Shares issued - dividend reinvestment plan                                         4,925                       10,824

Closing balance                                                                 585,904                       580,979




109 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                   F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



16. Share capital and dividends (continued)

Under dividend reinvestment plans, 2,482,921 new shares were issued at $1.8035 per share on 16 March 2021
and 2,442,338 new shares at $1.2470 per share on 9 October 2020 (2020: 7,313,501 new shares were issued at
$1.5444 per share on 6 September 2019 and 3,511,020 at $1.5948 on 11 March 2020).


Dividends paid
                                 June 2021                                                 June 2020

                                       Cents Per                                                     Cents Per
                       Date Declared      Share         $000’s                   Date Declared          Share              $000’s

Final dividend     17 September 2020         2.5        14,524                  15 August 2019              6.5            37,007

Interim dividend   22 February 2021          4.0        23,337                18 February 2020              4.5            25,986

Total
                                                        37,861                                                             62,993
dividends paid




17. Other reserves

                                                   Foreign
                                                  Currency
                                       Employee Translation                              Defined     Cash Flow
                                        Benefits   Reserve            Fair Value          Benefit       Hedge
$000’s                                  Reserve     (FCTR)              Reserve          Reserve       Reserve              Total

June 2021

Balance as at 30 June 2020                   934         (3,907)           5,324              171       (8,022)           (5,500)

Other comprehensive income,                    -            (68)          (5,646)                -       8,940              3,226
net of income tax

Share based payments                      1,797                -                 -               -             -            1,797

Balance as at 30 June 2021                2,731         (3,975)             (322)            171            918             (477)

June 2020

Balance as at 30 June 2019                   838         (4,021)           4,558              171       (5,843)           (4,297)

Other comprehensive income,
                                               -            114              766                 -      (2,179)           (1,299)
net of income tax

Share based payments                         516               -                 -               -             -              516

Shares vested                              (420)               -                 -               -             -            (420)

Balance as at 30 June 2020                   934        (3,907)            5,324             171        (8,022)           (5,500)




                                                                                                                                110
18. Other balance sheet items

  Policy
  Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment (if any).
  Depreciation is calculated on a straight line basis to write off the net cost or revalued amount of each asset over
  its expected life to its estimated residual value.



$000’s                                                                                         June 2021        June 2020

Other assets

Trade receivables                                                                                    643             1,952

GST receivable                                                                                     1,763                  985

Prepayments                                                                                        3,699             4,857

Property, plant and equipment                                                                      9,061            10,153

Other receivables                                                                                  1,059             1,611

Collateral paid on derivatives                                                                       590                    -

Total other assets                                                                                16,815            19,558




  Policy
  Intangible assets
  Intangible assets with finite useful lives
  Software acquired or internally developed by the Group is stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and
  any accumulated impairment losses. Expenditure on software assets is capitalised only when it increases the
  future economic value of that asset. Amortisation of software is on a straight line basis, at rates which will write
  off the cost over the assets’ estimated useful lives. The expected useful life of the software varies up to ten
  years.

  Goodwill
  Goodwill arising on acquisition represents the excess of the cost of the acquisition over the Group’s interest in
  the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired. Goodwill that has an indefinite useful life is not subject to
  amortisation and is tested for impairment annually. Goodwill is carried at cost less accumulated impairment
  losses.




$000’s                                                                                         June 2021        June 2020

Computer software

Cost                                                                                              44,371            42,534

Accumulated amortisation                                                                          20,349            14,864

Net carrying value of computer software                                                           24,022            27,670


Goodwill

Cost                                                                                              45,143            45,143
Net carrying value of goodwill                                                                    45,143            45,143


Total intangible assets                                                                           69,165            72,813




111 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                 F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



18. Other balance sheet items (continued)

For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to cash generating units (CGU’s). A CGU is the
smallest identifiable group of assets that generate independent cash inflows. The Group has assessed that
goodwill should be allocated to the following smallest identifiable CGUs:
 •    Heartland Australia Holdings Pty Limited: $15.3 million (2020: $15.3 million).
 •    Heartland Bank Limited: $29.8 million (2020: $29.8 million).
Goodwill is tested for impairment at a cash generating unit (CGU) level. The recoverable amounts are determined
on a value in use basis using a five-year discounted cash flow methodology based on financial budget and
forecasts. Key assumptions used in the models included a discount rate of 10% and a terminal growth rate of 2%
which reflect both past experience and external sources of information. The recoverable amounts for each CGU are
compared to the respective carrying value of net assets.
There was no indication of impairment and no impairment losses have been recognised against the carrying
amount of goodwill for the year ended 30 June 2021 (30 June 2020: nil). Uncertainty associated with the effects
from the COVID-19 pandemic were considered in the impairment tests to determine the resilience of the headroom
and no impairment was identified from the assessments.



  Policy
  Employee benefits
  Annual leave entitlements are accrued at amounts expected to be paid. Long service leave is accrued by
  calculating the probable future value of the entitlements and discounting back to present value. Obligations to
  defined contribution superannuation schemes are recognised as an expense when the contribution is paid.



$000’s                                                                                            June 2021          June 2020

Trade and other payables

Trade payables                                                                                        11,243             20,657

Insurance liability                                                                                    3,353              6,094

Employee benefits                                                                                      7,616              8,223

Other tax payables                                                                                       623              1,288

Collateral received on derivatives                                                                     4,091                    -
Total trade and other payables                                                                       26,926              36,262



  Policy
  Leases
  The Group leases office space, car parks, equipment and cars. Rental contracts are typically made for fixed
  periods but may have extension options. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide
  range of different terms and conditions.

  In determining the lease term, all facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive to exercise an extension
  option are considered. Extension options are only included in the lease term if the lease is reasonably certain to be
  extended.
  Lease liabilities are measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments and discounted using the
  Group’s incremental borrowing rate (IBR). Lease liabilities are measured using the effective interest method.
  Carrying amounts are remeasured only upon reassessments and lease modifications.

  Right of use assets are depreciated at the shorter of lease term or the Group’s depreciation policy for that asset
  class.




                                                                                                                              112
18. Other balance sheet items (continued)
$000’s                                                                                                  June 2021           June 2020


Right of use assets

Balance at beginning of year                                                                                18,362             10,728

Depreciation charge for the year, included within depreciation expense in the income statement              (2,313)            (2,324)

(Terminations)/additions to right of use assets                                                                (64)                9,958

Total right of use assets                                                                                   15,985             18,362


Lease liability

Current                                                                                                      2,339                 2,222

Non-current                                                                                                 15,827             18,234
Total lease liability                                                                                       18,166             20,456


Interest expense relating to lease liability                                                                   568                 570



19. Related party transactions and balances

  Policy
  A person or entity is a related party under the following circumstances:

  a) A person or a close member of that person’s family if that person:

                        i)     has control or joint control over HGH;
                        ii)    has significant influence over HGH; or
                        iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of HGH.


  b) An entity is related to HGH if any of the following conditions applies:
                        i)     The entity and HGH are members of the same group;
                        ii)    One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity;
                        iii)   Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party;
                        iv)    One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                               entity;
                        v)     The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the
                               reporting entity or an entity related to HGH;

                        vi)    The entity is controlled, or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a); and
                        vii)   A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the
                               key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).




113 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                 F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



19. Related party transactions and balances (continued)

(a) Transactions with key management personnel

Key management personnel (KMP), are those who, directly or indirectly, have authority and responsibility for
planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group. This includes all executive staff, Directors and their
close family members.

KMP receive personal banking and financial investment services from the Group in the ordinary course of business.
The terms and conditions, for example interest rates and collateral, and the risks to the Group are comparable to
transactions with other employees and did not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other
unfavourable features.

All other transactions with KMPs and their related entities are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in
arm’s length transactions.


$000’s                                                                                            June 2021          June 2020

Transactions with key management personnel

Interest income receivable                                                                                39                  18

Interest expense payable                                                                                 (22)               (47)

Key management personnel compensation

Short-term employee benefits                                                                         (9,384)             (8,814)

Share-based payment expense                                                                           (1,797)              (828)
Total transactions with key management personnel                                                    (11,181)             (9,671)

Due (to)/from key management personnel

Lending                                                                                                  415                239

Borrowings - deposits                                                                               (23,409)             (1,646)
Total due (to) key management personnel                                                            (22,994)             (1,407)




(b) Transactions with related parties

HGH is the ultimate parent company of the Group.
Entities within the Group have regular transactions between each other on agreed terms. The transactions include
the provision of administrative services, tax transactions, and customer operations and call centre. Banking
facilities are provided by Heartland Bank Limited to other Heartland Group entities on normal commercial terms as
with other customers. There is no lending from subsidiaries within the Group to HGH.

Related party transactions between the Group eliminate on consolidation. Related party transactions outside of
the Group are as follows:




                                                                                                                              114
19. Related party transactions and balances (continued)


$000’s                                                                                          June 2021      June 2020

Southern Cross Building Society Staff Superannuation (SCBS)

Interest expense payable to SCBS                                                                      12                33

Management fees receivable from SCBS                                                                  10                10


ASF Custodians Pty Limited
Audit fees                                                                                             7                  7


Heartland Trust (HT)
Dividends paid                                                                                       421              712




HT held 6,475,976 shares in HGH (2020: 6,475,976 shares).

The Trustees of HT and certain employees of the Group provided their time and skills to the oversight and operation
of HT at no charge.


(c) Other balances with related parties

$000’s                                                                                          June 2021      June 2020

Southern Cross Building Society Staff Superannuation

Deposits                                                                                            1,760          1,934




20. Fair value


  Policy
  Fair value is the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
  transaction between market participants at the measurement date.

  On initial recognition, the transaction price generally represents the fair value of the financial instrument, unless
  there is observable information from an active market that provides a more appropriate fair value.

  The fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities that are traded in active markets are based on quoted
  market prices or dealer price quotations. For all other financial instruments, the Group determines fair value
  using other valuation techniques.

  The Group measures fair values using the following fair value hierarchy, which reflects the observability of the
  inputs used in measuring fair value:

  Level 1 - Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
  Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
  either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (derived from prices).
  Level 3 - Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs)


  The Group recognises transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period
  during which the change has occurred.




115 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



20. Fair value (continued)



  Investments in equity securities are classified as fair value through profit or loss unless an irrevocable election
  is made by the Group to measure at FVOCI. Investments in listed equity securities that trade on a liquid, active
  market (e.g. stock exchange) where quoted prices are readily observable are measured under Level 1 of the
  fair value hierarchy without adjustment. A liquid, active market is one in which transactions take place with
  sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.

  Investments in listed equity securities that trade on an illiquid, inactive market, and investments in unlisted
  equity securities are measured under Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. In these cases, fair value is measured
  through market based valuation techniques using unobservable inputs that reflect assumptions market
  participants would use when pricing the investment in an equity security, including assumptions about risk.




(a) Financial instruments measured at fair value

The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial asset and
liability measured at fair value on a recurring basis in the consolidated statement of financial position.

The Group has an established framework in performing valuations required for financial reporting purposes
including level 3 fair values. The Group regularly reviews and calibrates significant unobservable inputs and
valuation adjustments in accordance with market participants’ views. If external valuation specialists are engaged
to measure fair values, the Group assesses the evidence obtained from these specialists to support the conclusion
of these valuations. All significant valuations are reported to the Group’s Board Audit and Risk Committee for
approval prior to its adoption in the financial statements.

Investments

Investments in public sector securities and corporate bonds are classified at FVOCI, with the fair value being based
on quoted market prices (Level 1 under the fair value hierarchy) or modelled using observable market inputs (Level
2 under the fair value hierarchy). Refer to Note 11 - Investments for more details.

Investments valued under Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy are valued either based on quoted market prices or
dealer quotes for similar instruments, or discounted cash flows analysis.

Equity Investment in Harmoney Corp Limited

Harmoney Corp Limited (Harmoney) listed on the ASX with a foreign exempt listing on the NZX on 19 November
2020, raising AU $92.5 million as part of its Initial Public Offering (IPO). As part of the IPO, HGH, alongside other
major shareholders, employees and directors, entered into escrow arrangements that restrict the ability to sell its
Harmoney shares, with approximately 72% of the shares being in escrow (Escrow Restrictions). The escrowed
shares are released from escrow in two stages, with the first 50% of escrow shares released in August 2021 and
the final 50% of escrowed shares released in February 2022.

The Escrow Restrictions have significantly reduced the available trading pool of shares, resulting in an illiquid
market for the instrument, wide bid-ask spreads and volume that is insufficient to meet the definition of an active
market under New Zealand Equivalent to International Financial Reporting Standard 13 Fair Value Measurement
(NZ IFRS 13) for purposes of Harmoney shares traded. As such the quoted price of Harmoney as at 30 June 2021
is not considered the most reliable evidence of fair value and accordingly HGH’s equity investment in Harmoney
has not been measured under Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.




                                                                                                                             116
20. Fair value (continued)

(a) Financial instruments measured at fair value (continued)

Equity Investment in Harmoney Corp Limited (continued)

Instead, and consistent with prior reporting periods, the fair value of HGH’s investment in Harmoney has been
measured under Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy using unobservable inputs under a market approach valuation
technique. Factors considered relevant to market participants such as observed trading volumes, bid-ask spreads,
market prices of Harmoney’s shares, revenue multiples, analyst valuations, the impact of Escrow Restrictions, as
well as publicly available financial information for Harmoney have all been taken into account when measuring fair
value at reporting date.

The investment is primarily measured using the volume weighted average price (VWAP) of Harmoney shares
traded on the ASX across a period required to capture sufficient volume and moderate share price volatility
attributable to the aforementioned factors. The VWAP period considered to be the most appropriate, reflecting the
characteristics of the underlying share trading that has occurred, is 6 months to reporting date. This VWAP has
been further evaluated through a composite valuation weighting the closing price of Harmoney shares, revenue
multiples of comparable public companies, IPO price and analyst valuations. Both the VWAP and composite
valuation approaches derive consistent outcomes.

The fair value measurement of HGH’s equity investment in Harmoney was AU $1.90 per share as at reporting
date. This was a 26% premium to the market closing price of AU $1.51 as at 30 June 2021, which if used as the
basis for measuring fair value would result in a $3.9 million lower fair value than that reported. The fair value of the
Investment was previously measured at AU $2.11 per share at 31 December 2020.


Investment properties

Investment properties are initially recorded at their fair value, with subsequent changes in fair value recognised
in profit or loss. Fair value are determined by qualified independent valuers or other similar external evidence,
adjusted for changes in market conditions.
Investment properties have been acquired through the enforcement of security over finance receivables and are
held to earn rental income or for capital appreciation (or both).


Finance receivables - reverse mortgages

Reverse mortgage loans are classified at fair value through profit or loss. On initial recognition the Group considers
the transaction price to represent the fair value of the loan.

For subsequent measurement the Group has considered if the fair value can be determined by reference to a
relevant active market or observable inputs, but has concluded relevant support is not currently available. In the
absence of such market evidence the Group has used valuation techniques (income approach) including actuarial
assessments to consider the fair value.

When the Group enters into a reverse mortgage loan the Group has set expectations regarding the loan’s current
and future risk profile and expectation of performance. This expectation references a wide range of assumptions
including:

  • Mortality and move to care;

  • Voluntary exits;

  • House price changes;

  • No negative equity guarantee; and

  • Interest rate margin.




117 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                     F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



20. Fair value (continued)

(a) Financial instruments measured at fair value (continued)

Finance receivables - reverse mortgages (continued)

At balance date the Group does not consider any of the above expectations to have moved outside of the original
expectation range. Therefore the Group has continued to estimate the fair value of the portfolio at transaction
price. There has been no fair value movement recognised in profit or loss during the period. Given the nature of the
loan terms and tenor, the fair value as recorded is regarded as not being highly sensitive to the above assumptions,
particularly to house prices and interest rates, that would impact the fair value at balance date. While noting the
uncertainty around future economic conditions, based on current judgement there is no evidence that COVID-19
has impacted and will have a long-term adverse impact on market conditions, particularly regarding the key
elements of house prices or interest rates, that would materially influence the fair value of the reverse mortgage
portfolio at balance date.

The Group will continue to reassess the existence of a relevant active market and movements in expectations on an
on-going basis.


Derivative financial instruments

Interest rate and foreign currency related contracts are recognised in the financial statements at fair value. Fair
values are determined from observable market prices as at the reporting date, discounted cash flow models or
option pricing models as appropriate. (Level 2 under the fair value hierarchy).

The following table analyses financial instruments measured at fair value at the reporting date by the level in the
fair value hierarchy into which each fair value measurement is categorised. The amounts are based on the values
recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position.


$000’s                                                                      Level 1         Level 2       Level 3             Total

June 2021

Assets

Investments                                                                259,041          92,476        20,667           372,184

Investment properties                                                              -               -      11,832            11,832

Derivative financial instruments                                                   -        14,139               -          14,139

Finance receivables - reverse mortgages                                            -               -   1,676,073         1,676,073

Total financial assets measured at fair value                             259,041         106,615      1,708,572        2,074,228


Liabilities

Derivative financial instruments                                                   -         4,802               -           4,802

Total financial liabilities measured at fair value                                 -         4,802               -           4,802


June 2020

Assets

Investments                                                               295,300           94,354        16,335          405,989

Investment properties                                                              -               -      11,132            11,132

Derivative financial instruments                                                   -        17,246               -          17,246

Finance receivables - reverse mortgages                                            -               -   1,538,585        1,538,585

Total financial assets measured at fair value                             295,300         111,600      1,566,052        1,972,952


Liabilities

Derivative financial instruments                                                   -        17,012               -           17,012

Total financial liabilities measured at fair value                                 -        17,012               -          17,012



                                                                                                                                  118
20. Fair value (continued)

(a) Financial instruments measured at fair value (continued)

There were no transfers between levels in the fair value hierarchy in the year ended 30 June 2021 (2020: nil).

The movement in Level 3 assets measured at fair value are below:


                                              Finance
                                          Receivables
                                            - Reverse                                    Investment
$000’s                                     Mortgages               Investments            Properties                 Total

June 2021

As at 30 June 2020                         1,538,585                     16,335               11,132          1,566,052

New loans                                    300,689                           -                    -           300,689

Repayments                                  (257,999)                          -                    -          (257,999)

Capitalised interest and fees                  91,812                          -                    -               91,812

Purchase of investments                             -                       940                     -                 940

Fair value gain on investment                       -                     3,392                  700                 4,092

Other                                           2,986                          -                    -               2,986

As at 30 June 2021                         1,676,073                     20,667              11,832           1,708,572


June 2020

As at 30 June 2019                         1,318,677                     12,435               11,132           1,342,244

New loans                                    290,488                           -                    -           290,488

Repayments                                  (182,653)                          -                    -          (182,653)

Capitalised Interest and fees                 91,288                           -                    -               91,288

Purchase of investments                             -                     1,803                     -                1,803

Fair value gain on investment                       -                     2,097                     -                2,097

Other                                         20,785                           -                    -               20,785

As at 30 June 2020                         1,538,585                     16,335              11,132           1,566,052



(b) Financial instruments not measured at fair value

The following assets and liabilities of the Group are not measured at fair value in the consolidated statement of
financial position.


Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents are measured at amortised cost and their carrying value is considered equivalent to
their fair value due to their short term nature.




119 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                      F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



20. Fair value (continued)

(b) Financial instruments not measured at fair value (continued)

Finance receivables


The fair value of the Group’s finance receivables is calculated using a valuation technique which assumes the
Group’s current weighted average lending rates for loans of a similar nature and term.

The current weighted average lending rate used to fair value finance receivables with a fixed interest rate was
7.08% (2020: 8.06%). Finance receivables with a floating interest rate are deemed to be at current market rates.
The current amount of credit provisioning has been deducted from the fair value calculation of finance receivables
as a proxy for future losses.


Borrowings


The fair value of deposits, bank borrowings and other borrowings is the present value of future cash flows and is
based on the current market interest rates payable by the Group for the debt of similar maturities. The average
current market rate used to fair value borrowings is 1.23% (2020: 2.24%).


Other financial assets and financial liabilities

Financial instruments such as short-term trade receivables and payables are considered equivalent to their
carrying value due to their short term nature.

The following table sets out financial instruments not measured at fair value, compares their carrying value
against their fair value and analyses them by level in the fair value hierarchy.


                                                             June 2021                                  June 2020

                                                                               Total                                         Total
                                            Fair Value        Total Fair    Carrying     Fair Value       Total Fair      Carrying
$000’s                                      Hierarchy            Value        Value      Hierarchy           Value          Value

Assets

Cash and cash equivalents                          Level 1     182,333       182,333          Level 1        147,179        147,179

Investments1                                       Level 2        5,640        5,639          Level 2          7,375          7,351

Finance receivables                                Level 2    3,362,536    3,288,466          Level 2     3,092,150      3,045,195

Other financial assets                             Level 3        2,292        2,292          Level 3          3,563          3,563
Total financial assets                                        3,552,801    3,478,730                      3,250,267      3,203,288


Liabilities

Deposits                                           Level 2    3,192,708    3,183,454          Level 2     3,278,483      3,264,192

Other borrowings                                   Level 2      631,617      631,617          Level 2       448,626        448,228

Borrowings - securitised                           Level 2    1,043,516    1,043,516          Level 2       819,305        819,703

Other financial liabilities                        Level 3       18,687       18,687          Level 3         26,751         26,751
Total financial liabilities                                  4,886,528     4,877,274                      4,573,165      4,558,874
1
    Included within investments are bank deposits which are held to support the Group’s contractual cash flows. Such
    investments are measured at amortised cost.




                                                                                                                                   120
20. Fair value (continued)


(c) Classification of financial instruments


The following table summarises the categories of financial instruments and the carrying value and fair value of all
financial instruments of the Group:


                                                                                                 Total
                                                                                Amortised     Carrying   Total Fair
$000’s                                                   FVOCI        FVTPL         Cost        Value       Value

June 2021

Assets

Cash and cash equivalents                                      -            -     182,333     182,333      182,333

Investments                                             351,517       20,667        5,639      377,823     377,824

Investment properties                                          -      11,832             -      11,832      11,832

Finance receivables                                            -            -   3,288,466    3,288,466   3,362,536

Finance receivables - reverse mortgages                        -   1,676,073             -   1,676,073   1,676,073

Derivative financial instruments                          3,230       10,909             -      14,139      14,139

Other financial assets                                         -            -       2,292        2,292       2,292
Total financial assets                                 354,747     1,719,481    3,478,730    5,552,958   5,627,029


Liabilities

Deposits                                                       -            -   3,183,454    3,183,454   3,192,708

Other borrowings                                               -            -   1,675,133    1,675,133   1,675,133

Derivative financial instruments                          4,408          394            -        4,802       4,802

Other financial liabilities                                    -            -     18,687        18,687      18,687
Total financial liabilities                               4,408          394    4,877,274    4,882,076   4,891,330


June 2020

Assets

Cash and cash equivalents                                      -            -     147,179      147,179     147,179

Investments                                            389,654        16,335        7,351     413,340      413,364

Investment properties                                          -      11,132             -      11,132      11,132

Finance receivables                                            -            -   3,045,195    3,045,195   3,092,150

Finance receivables - reverse mortgages                        -   1,538,585             -   1,538,585   1,538,585

Derivative financial instruments                             32       17,213             -      17,246      17,246

Other financial assets                                         -            -       3,563        3,563       3,563
Total financial assets                                 389,686     1,583,265    3,203,288    5,176,240   5,223,219


Liabilities

Deposits                                                       -            -   3,264,192    3,264,192   3,278,483

Other borrowings                                               -            -   1,267,931    1,267,931   1,267,931

Derivative financial instruments                         15,408        1,604            -       17,012      17,012

Other financial liabilities                                    -            -      26,751       26,751      26,751
Total financial liabilities                             15,408         1,604    4,558,874    4,575,886   4,590,177




121 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



Risk Management

21. Enterprise risk management program		               						

The board of directors (the Board) sets and monitors the Group’s risk appetite across the primary risk domains
of credit, capital, liquidity, market (including interest rate), operational and compliance and general business risk.
Management are, in turn, responsible for ensuring appropriate structures, policies, procedures and information
systems are in place to actively manage these risk domains, as outlined within the Enterprise Risk Management
Framework (ERMF). Collectively, these processes are known as the Group’s Enterprise Risk Management Program
(RMP).				


Role of the Board and the Board Audit Risk Committee						

The Board, through its Board Audit Risk Committee (BARC) is responsible for oversight and governance of the
development of the RMP. The role of the BARC is to assist the Board to formulate its risk appetite, and to monitor the
effectiveness of the RMP. The BARC has the following specific responsibilities:			

• Financial reporting and application of accounting policies as part of the internal control and risk assessment
  framework.

• Monitors the identification, evaluation and management of all significant risks through the Group. This work
  is supported by internal audit, which provides an independent assessment of the design, adequacy and
  effectiveness of internal controls. The BARC receives regular reports from internal audit.		

• To advise the Board on the formulation of the Board’s Risk Appetite Statement at least annually.		

• To review any reports, policies, standards, other risk documents or matters, or minutes which have been
  prepared by or in respect of the HGH’s Board.								

• To advise and make recommendations to the Board as to the key parameters for Internal Capital Adequacy
  Assessment Process (ICAAP), delegated authorities, risk appetite and stress testing for its subsidiary, Heartland
  Bank Limited.


Internal Audit									

The Group has an Internal Audit function, the objective of which is to provide independent, objective assurance
over the internal control environment. In certain circumstances, Internal Audit will provide risk and control advice
to Management provided the work does not impede the independence of the Internal Audit function. The function
assists the Group in accomplishing its objectives by bringing a systematic and disciplined approach to evaluate and
improve the effectiveness of risk management, control, and governance processes. 				

Internal Audit is allowed full, free and unfettered access to any and all of the organisation’s records, personnel and
physical properties deemed necessary to accomplish its activities.						

A regular cycle of review has been implemented to cover all areas of the business, focused on assessment,
management and control of risks identified. The audit plan takes into account cyclical review of various business
units and operational areas, as well as identified areas of higher identified risk. The audit methodology is designed
to meet the International Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing of The Institute of Internal
Auditors. 			

Each audit has specific audit procedures tailored to the area of business that is being reviewed. The audit
procedures are updated during each audit to reflect any process changes. Audit work papers are completed to
evidence the testing performed in accordance with the audit procedures.				

Audit reports are addressed to the manager of the relevant area that is being audited in addition to other relevant
stakeholders within the Group. Management comments are obtained from the process owner(s) and are included in
the report.




                                                                                                                             122
21. Enterprise risk management program (continued)						

Internal Audit (continued)									

The Head of Internal Audit has a direct reporting line to the Chairman of the BARC. Internal audit has accountability
to the BARC of the Group. A schedule of all outstanding internal control issues is maintained and presented to the
BARC to assist the and track the resolution of previously identified issues. Any issues raised that are categorised as
high risk are specifically reviewed by internal audit during a follow up review once the issue is considered closed by
management. The follow up review is performed with a view to formally close out the issue.


Asset and Liability Committee (ALCO)

The ALCO comprises the CEO HGH, CEO HBL, CFO HGH, Chief Legal & Bank Risk Officer, Head of Retail, Financial
Controller HBL and Chief Distribution Officer. The ALCO generally meets monthly, and provides reports to the BARC.
ALCO's specific responsibilities include decision making and oversight of risk matters in relation to:				
					

•   Market risk (including non-traded interest rate risk and the investment of capital);		

•   Liquidity risk (including funding);								

•   Foreign exchange rate risk;								

•   Balance sheet structure; and								

•   Capital management;								


Operational and compliance risk									

Operational and compliance risk is the risk arising from day to day operational activities in the execution of the
Group's strategy which may result in direct or indirect losses. Operational and compliance risk losses can occur as a
result of fraud, human error, missing or inadequately designed processes, failed systems, damage to physical assets,
improper behaviour, or from external events. The losses range from direct financial losses, to reputational damage,
unfavourable media attention, injury to or loss of staff or clients or as a breach of laws or banking regulations. Where
appropriate, risks are mitigated by insurance.								

To ensure appropriate responsibility is allocated for the management, reporting and escalation of operational and
compliance risk, the Group operates a “three lines of defence” model which outlines principles, responsibilities and
accountabilities for operational and compliance risk management:						

•   The first line of defence is the business line management of the identification, management and mitigation of the
    risks associated with the products and processes of the business. This accountability includes regular testing and
    attestation of the adequacy and effectiveness of controls and compliance with the Group's policies.		

•   The second line of defence is the Risk and Compliance function, responsible for the design and ownership of
    the Operational Risk Management Framework. It incorporates key processes including Risk and Control Self-
    Assessment (RCSA), incident management, independent evaluation of the adequacy and effectiveness of the
    internal control framework, and the attestation process.						

•   The third line of defence is Internal Audit which is responsible for independently assessing how effectively the
    Group is managing its risk according to the stated risk appetite.					


Market risk

Market risk is the possibility of experiencing losses or gains due to factors affecting the overall performance of
financial markets in which the Group is exposed. The primary market risk exposures for the Group are interest
rate risk and foreign exchange risk. The risk being that market interest rates or foreign exchange rates will change
and adversely impact on the Group’s earnings due to either adverse moves in foreign exchange market rates or in
the case of interest rate risks mismatches between repricing dates of interest bearing assets and liabilities and/or
differences between customer pricing and wholesale rates.




123 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



21. Enterprise risk management program (continued)						

Interest rate risk									

Interest rate risk refers to exposure of an entity’s earnings and / or capital because of a mismatch between the
interest rate exposures of its assets and liabilities. Interest rate risk for the Group arises from the provision of
non-traded retail banking products and services and from traded wholesale transactions entered into to reduce
aggregate interest rate risk (known as hedges). This risk arises from four key sources:					
			

•   Mismatches between the repricing dates of interest bearing assets and liabilities (yield curve and repricing risk);

•   Banking products repricing differently to changes in wholesale market rates (basis risk);

•   Loan prepayment or deposit early withdrawal behaviour from customers that deviates from the expected or
    contractually agreed behaviour (optionality risk); and

•   The effect of internal or market forces on a bank’s net interest margin where, for example, in a low rate
    environment any fall in rates will further decrease interest income earned on the assets whereas funding cost
    cannot be reduced as it is already at the minimum level (margin compression risk).

Refer Note 24 - Interest rate risk for further details regarding interest rate risk.					


Foreign exchange risk								

Foreign exchange risk is the risk that the Group’s earnings and shareholder equity position are adversely impacted
from changes in foreign exchange rates. The Group has exposure to foreign exchange translation risks through its
Australian subsidiaries (which have a functional currency of AUD), in the forms of profit translation risk and balance
sheet translation risk.

Profit translation risk is the risk that deviations in exchange rates have a significant impact on the reported profit.
Balance sheet translation risk is the risk that whilst the foreign currency value of the net investment in a subsidiary
may not have changed, when translated back to the New Zealand dollars (NZD), the NZD value has changed
materially due to movements in the exchange rates. Foreign exchange revaluation gains and losses are booked to
the foreign currency translation reserve. Foreign exchange rate movements in any given year may have an impact
on other comprehensive income. The Group manages this risk by setting and approving the foreign exchange rate for
the upcoming financial year and entering into hedging contracts to manage the foreign exchange translation risks.


Counterparty Credit Risk

The Group has on-going credit exposure associated with:						

•   Cash and cash equivalents;

•   Finance receivables;

•   Holding of investment securities; and

•   Payments owed to the Group from risk management instruments.

Counterparty credit risk is managed against limits set in the Market Risk Policy including credit exposure on
derivative contracts, bilateral set-off arrangements, cash and cash equivalents and investment securities.			
		




                                                                                                                             124
22. Credit risk exposure									

Credit risk is the risk that a borrower will default on any type of debt by failing to make payments which it is
obligated to make. The risk is primarily that of the lender and includes loss of principal and interest, disruption to cash
flows and increased collection costs.

Credit risk is managed to achieve sustainable risk-reward performance whilst maintaining exposures within
acceptable risk “appetite” parameters. This is achieved through the combination of governance, policies, systems
and controls, underpinned by commercial judgement as described below.

To manage this risk, HBL's Executive Risk Committee (ERC) oversees the formal credit risk management strategy.
The ERC reviews the Group's credit risk exposures typically on a monthly basis. The credit risk management
strategies aim to ensure that:

•   Credit origination meets agreed levels of credit quality at point of approval; 					

•   Sector concentrations are monitored; 									

•   Maximum total exposure to any one debtor is actively managed; and 				

•   Changes to credit risk are actively monitored with regular credit reviews. 		

The BARC also oversees the Group's credit risk exposures to monitor overall risk metrics having regard to risk
appetite set by the Board.									

HBL's Board Risk Committee (BRC) has authority for approval of all credit exposures. Lending authority has been
provided to the HBL's Credit Committee, and to the business units under a detailed Delegated Lending Authority
framework. Application of credit discretions in the business operation are monitored through a defined review and
hindsight structure as outlined in the Credit Risk Oversight Policy. Delegated Lending Authorities are provided to
individual officers with due cognisance of their experience and ability. Larger and higher risk exposures require
approval of senior management, the Credit Committee and ultimately through to HBL's BRC.		

The Group employs a process of hindsighting loans to ensure that credit policies and the quality of credit processes
are maintained.									


Reverse mortgage loans and negative equity risk								

Reverse mortgage loans are a form of mortgage lending designed for the needs of people over 60 years. These
loans differ to conventional mortgages in that they typically are not repaid until the borrower ceases to reside in
the property. Further, interest is not required to be paid, it is capitalised into the loan balance and is repayable on
termination of the loan. As such, there are no incoming cash flows and therefore no default risk to manage during the
term of the loan. Negative equity risk arises from the promise by the Group that the maximum repayment amount is
limited to the net sale proceeds of the borrowers' property. 							

The Group’s exposure to negative equity risk is managed by the Credit Risk Oversight Policy in conjunction with
associated lending standards specific for this product. In addition to usual criteria regarding the type, and location,
of security property that the Group will accept for reverse mortgage lending, a key aspect of the Group's policy is
that a borrower’s age on origination of the reverse mortgage loan will dictate the loan-to-value ratio of the reserve
mortgage on origination. Both New Zealand and Australia reverse mortgage operations are similarly aligned. The
policy is managed and reviewed periodically to ensure appropriate consistency across locations.			


Business Finance Guarantee Scheme (BFGS)							

HBL, along with other registered banks in New Zealand, has entered into a Deed of Indemnity with the New Zealand
Government to implement the New Zealand Government's Business Finance Guarantee Scheme. The purpose of
the scheme is to provide short term credit to eligible small and medium size businesses, who have been impacted
by economic effects of COVID-19. The scheme allows banks to lend to a maximum of $5 million for a maximum of
five years. The New Zealand Government will guarantee 80% of any loss incurred (credit risk) with HBL holding
the remaining 20%. As at 30 June 2021 the Group had a total exposure of $64.3 million (2020, $6.5 million) to its
customers under the scheme. BFGS has concluded on 30 June 2021 with scheme loans no longer being available.




125 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                    F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



22. Credit risk exposure (continued)		

Maximum exposure to credit risk at the relevant reporting dates

The following table represents the maximum credit risk exposure, without taking account of any collateral held.
The on balance sheet exposures set out below are based on net carrying amounts as reported in the consolidated
statement of financial position.

$000's                                                                                      June 2021                    June 2020

On balance sheet:

Cash and cash equivalents                                                                      182,333                      147,179

Investments                                                                                    357,156                      397,005

Finance receivables                                                                         3,288,466                     3,045,195

Finance receivables - reverse mortgages                                                      1,676,073                   1,538,585

Derivative financial assets                                                                     14,139                       17,246

Other financial assets                                                                            2,292                       3,563

Total on balance sheet credit exposures                                                     5,520,459                    5,148,773


Off balance sheet:

Letters of credit, guarantee commitments and performance bonds                                  13,484                        6,515

Undrawn facilities available to customers                                                     299,544                      260,098

Conditional commitments to fund at future dates                                                 19,083                       58,045

Total off balance sheet credit exposures                                                       332,111                     324,658

Total credit exposures                                                                      5,852,570                    5,473,431


As at 30 June 2021 there was $0.216 million undrawn lending commitments available to counterparties for whom
drawn balances were classified as individually impaired (2020: nil).



Concentration of credit risk by geographic region


$000's                                                                                       June 2021                    June 2020

New Zealand                                                                                  4,402,656                    4,086,184

Australia                                                                                    1,243,522                    1,154,567

Rest of the world1                                                                             260,079                      295,349

Total                                                                                       5,906,257                    5,536,100


Provision for impairment                                                                       (53,687)                     (62,669)
Total credit exposures                                                                      5,852,570                     5,473,431

1
    These overseas assets are primarily NZD-denominated investments in AA+ and higher rated securities issued by offshore
    supranational agencies ("Kauri Bonds").




                                                                                                                                 126
22. Credit risk exposure (continued)		

Concentration of credit risk by industry sector

The Australian and New Zealand Standard Industrial Classification (ANZSIC) codes have been used as the basis
for categorising customer industry sectors.



$000's                                                                             June 2021                June 2020

Agriculture                                                                          670,428                  695,661

Forestry and fishing                                                                 153,160                  149,871

Mining                                                                                12,684                   13,425

Manufacturing                                                                         76,951                   80,776

Finance and insurance                                                                674,854                  609,657

Wholesale trade                                                                       56,522                   48,055

Retail trade and accommodation                                                       279,388                  278,768

Households                                                                         2,994,980                2,752,641

Other business services                                                              148,011                  168,326

Construction                                                                         241,668                  202,685

Rental, hiring and real estate services                                              185,320                  154,318

Transport and storage                                                                297,920                  262,078

Other                                                                                114,371                  119,839

Total                                                                             5,906,257                 5,536,100


Provision for impairment                                                             (53,687)                 (62,669)
Total credit exposures                                                             5,852,570                5,473,431




Credit risk grading

The Group's finance receivables are monitored either by account behaviour (Behavioural portfolio) or a regular
assessment of their credit risk grade based on an objective review of defined risk characteristics (Judgemental
portfolio).

Finance receivables - reverse mortgages have no arrears characteristics and are assessed on origination against a
pre-determined criteria.

The Judgemental portfolio consists mainly of business and rural lending where an on-going and detailed working
relationship with the customer has been developed while the Behavioural portfolio consists of consumer, retail and
smaller business receivables.

Judgemental loans are individually risk graded based on loan status, financial information, security and debt
servicing ability. Exposures in the Judgemental portfolio are credit risk graded by an internal risk grading mechanism
where grade 1 is the strongest risk. Grade 8 and grade 9 are the weakest risk grades where a loss is probable.
Behavioural loans are managed based on their arrears status.

Upon adoption of NZ IFRS 9 all loans past due but not impaired have been categorised into three impairments
stages (see Note 8) which are in most cases based on arrears status. If a Judgemental loan is risk graded 6 or above
it will be classified as stage 2 as a minimum and carry a provision based on lifetime ECL.




127 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                               F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



22. Credit risk exposure (continued)		

Credit risk grading (continued)



                                               Lifetime ECL         Lifetime
                                  12 Months       Not Credit      ECL Credit     Specifically
$000's                                 ECL         Impaired        Impaired        Provided        Fair Value            Total

June 2021

Judgemental portfolio

Grade 1 - Very Strong                    34                 -                -               -                -             34

Grade 2 - Strong                     10,854                64                -               -                -        10,918

Grade 3 - Sound                      50,816              163                 -               -                -        50,979

Grade 4 - Adequate                  580,289            4,675            1,734                -                -      586,698

Grade 5 - Acceptable                877,393            5,658            1,882                -                -      884,933

Grade 6 - Monitor                          -          58,178            1,038                -                -        59,216

Grade 7 - Substandard                      -          71,718            8,107                -                -        79,825

Grade 8 - Doubtful                         -                -                -         33,228                 -        33,228

Grade 9 - At risk of loss                  -                -                -          4,915                 -         4,915

Total judgemental portfolio       1,519,386         140,456           12,761           38,143                 -     1,710,746

Total behavioural portfolio       1,573,267           25,337          32,803                 -      1,676,073       3,307,480
Gross finance receivables         3,092,653          165,793           45,564           38,143       1,676,073      5,018,226

Provision for impairment            (26,807)          (2,427)        (16,824)          (7,629)                -      (53,687)

Total finance receivables         3,065,846         163,366           28,740           30,514       1,676,073      4,964,539


June 2020

Judgemental portfolio

Grade 1 - Very Strong                    28                 -                -               -                -             28

Grade 2 - Strong                      9,323                 -                -               -                -         9,323

Grade 3 - Sound                      65,084                 -             189                -                -        65,273

Grade 4 - Adequate                  509,154            5,117            4,238                -                -       518,509

Grade 5 - Acceptable                817,190            4,613            1,938                -                -       823,741

Grade 6 - Monitor                          -        112,586             2,558                -                -       115,144

Grade 7 - Substandard                      -          27,289           17,652                -                -        44,941

Grade 8 - Doubtful                         -                -                -         16,025                 -        16,025

Grade 9 - At risk of loss                  -                -                -          8,642                 -         8,642

Total Judgemental portfolio       1,400,779         149,605           26,575           24,667                 -     1,601,626

Total Behavioural portfolio       1,425,429           33,655           47,154                -      1,538,585      3,044,823
Gross finance receivables         2,826,208         183,260           73,729           24,667       1,538,585       4,646,449

Provision for impairment            (32,420)          (2,166)        (22,782)          (5,301)                -      (62,669)

Total finance receivables         2,793,788         181,094           50,947          19,366       1,538,585       4,583,780




                                                                                                                            128
23. Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is unable to meet its payment obligations as they fall due. The timing
mismatch of cash flows and the related liquidity risk in all banking operations are closely monitored by the Group.

Measurement of liquidity risk is designed to ensure that the Group has the ability to generate or obtain sufficient cash
in a timely manner and at a reasonable price to meet its financial commitments on a daily basis.			

The Group’s exposure to liquidity risk is governed by the liquidity policy approved by the Board and managed by
the ALCO. This policy sets out the nature of the risk which may be taken and aggregate risk limits. The objective of
the ALCO is to derive the most appropriate strategy for the Group in terms of a mix of assets and liabilities given its
expectations of future cash flows, liquidity constraints and capital adequacy to meet the requirements of the policy.
The Group employs asset and liability cash flow modelling to determine appropriate liquidity and funding strategies.


Reserve Bank of New Zealand (RBNZ) facilities

In March 2020, HBL was onboarded by the RBNZ as an approved counterparty and executed a 2011 Global Master
Repo Agreement providing an additional source for intra-day liquidity for the Group if required. 			

On 16 March 2020, as a result of COVID-19, the RBNZ announced that it would provide term funding through a Term
Auction Facility (TAF) to give banks the ability to access term funding using repurchase agreements with qualifying
collateral for a term of up to twelve months. On 10 March 2021, RBNZ announced to remove TAF and the final TAF
tenders was held on 16 March 2021.

From 26 May 2020, the RBNZ also made available, for a period of 6 months, a Term Lending Facility (TLF) to offer
loans for a fixed term of three years at the Official Cash Rate, with access to the funds linked to banks’ lending under
the Business Finance Guarantee Scheme. On 20 August 2020, RBNZ announced the change of the lending term to
five years. The availability of TLF was extended to 1 February 2021, and further extended to 28 July 2021. 		

Additional stimulus provided through a funding for lending programme also commenced in December 2020 designed
to enable banks to provide low-cost lending.

The Group had not utilised any of these facilities as at 30 June 2021.

The Group holds the following liquid assets and committed funding sources for the purpose of managing liquidity risk:


$000's                                                                             June 2021                June 2020

Cash and cash equivalents                                                            182,333                   147,179
Investments                                                                           357,156                  397,005
Undrawn committed bank facilities                                                    311,993                   390,762
Total liquidity                                                                      851,482                  934,946



Contractual liquidity profile of liabilities							

The following tables present the Group's liabilities by relevant maturity groupings based upon contractual maturity
date. The amounts disclosed in the tables represent undiscounted future principal and interest cash flows. As
a result, the amounts in the tables below may differ to the amounts reported on the consolidated statement of
financial position.

The contractual cash flows presented below may differ significantly from actual cash flows. This occurs as a result
of future actions by the Group and its counterparties, such as early repayments or refinancing of term loans and
borrowings. Deposits and other public borrowings include customer savings deposits and transactional accounts,
which are at call. These accounts provide a stable source of long term funding for the Group.




129 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                 F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



23. Liquidity risk (continued)		

Contractual liquidity profile of liabilities (continued)			



                                       On           0-6          6-12             1-2           2-5            5+
$000's                             Demand        Months        Months           Years         Years         Years          Total

June 2021

Financial liabilities

Deposits                           971,924     1,291,863      560,232        292,091         91,107              -    3,207,217

Other borrowings                          -     124,431       120,855      1,205,547       157,855       181,244      1,789,932

Lease liabilities                         -        1,419         1,433         2,836          7,605         7,085        20,378

Derivative financial liabilities          -        2,499         1,564            516              4             -        4,583

Other financial liabilities               -      18,688               -              -             -             -       18,688

Total financial liabilities        971,924     1,438,900      684,084      1,500,990       256,571       188,329      5,040,798

Undrawn facilities available to
                                   299,544               -            -              -             -             -     299,544
customers
Undrawn committed bank
                                   311,993               -            -              -             -             -      311,993
facilities


June 2020

Financial liabilities

Deposits                            813,140    1,418,656       833,440       162,221         86,615               -   3,314,072

Other borrowings                           -      13,517        61,038       196,835      1,039,462               -   1,310,852

Lease liabilities                          -       1,400          1,415         5,730          7,634         7,085       23,264

Derivative financial liabilities           -       5,722          4,665         5,297          1,354              -      17,038

Other financial liabilities                -      26,751               -              -             -             -      26,751

Total financial liabilities         813,140    1,466,046       900,558       370,083      1,135,065          7,085 4,691,977

Undrawn facilities available to
                                    260,098              -             -              -             -             -    260,098
customers
Undrawn committed bank
                                    390,762              -             -              -             -             -     390,762
facilities




24. Interest rate risk

The Group's market risk is derived primarily of exposure to interest rate risk, predominantly from raising funds
through the retail and wholesale deposit market, the debt capital markets and committed and uncommitted bank
funding, securitisation of receivables, and offering loan finance products to the commercial and consumer market
in New Zealand and Australia.

The Group’s exposure to market risk is governed by a policy approved by the Board and managed by the ALCO.
This policy sets out the nature of risk which may be taken and aggregate risk limits, and the ALCO must conform
to this. The objective of the ALCO is to derive the most appropriate strategy for the Group in terms of the mix of
assets and liabilities given its expectations of the future and the potential consequences of interest rate movements,
liquidity constraints and capital adequacy.									

The objective of the Group’s interest rate risk policies is to limit underlying net profit after tax (NPAT) volatility.
The measurement comprises net interest income the Group generates from its interest earning assets and interest
bearing liabilities.									




                                                                                                                              130
24. Interest rate risk (continued)		


The exposure to net interest income comes from a reduction in margins on interest earning assets or interest bearing
liabilities and is managed when setting rates by taking into consideration wholesale rates, liquidity premiums, as well
as appropriate lending credit margins.

An analysis of the Group’s sensitivity to an increase (+) or decrease (-) in market interest rates by 100 basis points
(BP) is as follows. An (+)/(-) to market interest rates of 100 BP would result in a $0.45 million (+)/(-) to NPAT (2020:
$1.5million (+)/(-)) with a corresponding impact to equity.							

The Group also manages interest rate risk by:								
     •      Monitoring maturity profiles and seeking to match the re-pricing of assets and liabilities; 			
     •      Monitoring interest rates daily and regularly (at least monthly) reviewing interest rate exposures; and
     •      Entering into derivatives to hedge against movements in interest rates. 				



Contractual repricing analysis

The interest rate risk profile of financial assets and liabilities that follows has been prepared on the basis of maturity
or next repricing date, whichever is earlier.


                                                                                                           Non-
                                         0-3          3-6         6-12          1-2            2+       Interest
$000's                                Months       Months       Months        Years         Years       Bearing            Total

June 2021

Financial assets

Cash and cash equivalents             182,323               -            -            -             -          10       182,333

Investments                            31,896         8,034       19,669      53,505       244,052        20,667        377,823

Finance receivables                  1,587,718      151,674      299,305     462,900       715,032        71,837 3,288,466

Finance receivables - reverse
                                     1,676,073              -            -            -             -              -   1,676,073
mortgages

Derivative financial assets                    -            -            -            -             -     14,139         14,139

Other financial assets                         -            -            -            -             -      2,292          2,292

Total financial assets               3,478,010      159,708      318,974     516,405      959,084        108,945 5,541,126

Financial liabilities

Deposits                             1,670,667      570,068      554,340     285,025        85,077        18,277       3,183,454

Other borrowings                     1,342,612       50,837              -   153,751       127,933                 -   1,675,133

Derivative financial liabilities               -            -            -            -             -      4,802          4,802

Lease liabilities                              -            -            -            -             -     18,166         18,166

Other financial liabilities                    -            -            -            -             -     18,687         18,687

Total financial liabilities          3,013,279      620,905      554,340     438,776       213,010        59,932 4,900,242

Effect of derivatives held
                                       474,010       (9,023)    (146,067)    (85,669)     (233,251)                -           -
for risk management

Net financial assets/(liabilities)    938,741      (470,220)    (381,433)    (8,040)      512,823         49,013        640,884




131 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                     F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



24. Interest rate risk (continued)		

Contractual repricing analysis (continued)


                                                                                                                Non-
                                         0-3          3-6          6-12             1-2             2+       Interest
$000's                                Months       Months        Months           Years          Years       Bearing            Total

June 2020

Financial assets

Cash and cash equivalents              147,172              -             -               -              -              7     147,179

Investments                            43,863        18,425         52,708        59,296        222,713         16,335       413,340

Finance receivables                  1,522,837      198,446       352,076        557,569       400,658         13,609       3,045,195

Finance receivables - reverse
                                     1,538,585              -             -               -              -              - 1,538,585
mortgages

Derivative financial assets                    -            -             -               -              -      17,246         17,246

Other financial assets                         -            -             -               -              -       3,563         3,563

Total financial assets               3,252,457      216,871       404,784        616,865       623,371         50,760 5,165,108

Financial liabilities

Deposits                             1,616,521      585,482       815,366        155,219         77,655        13,949       3,264,192

Other borrowings                      976,638           970               -               -     290,323                 -   1,267,931

Derivative financial liabilities               -            -             -               -              -      17,012         17,012

Lease liabilities                              -            -             -               -              -      20,456        20,456

Other financial liabilities                    -            -             -               -              -      26,751        26,751

Total financial liabilities          2,593,159      586,452       815,366        155,219        367,978        78,168 4,596,342

Effect of derivatives
                                       557,955      (51,349)     (239,137)      (237,212)       (30,257)                -           -
held for risk management

Net financial assets/(liabilities)   1,217,253     (420,930)    (649,719)        224,434       225,136        (27,408)       568,766



The tables above illustrate the periods in which the cash flows from interest rate swaps are expected to occur and
affect profit or loss.




                                                                                                                                  132
Other Disclosures

25. Significant subsidiaries

                                                                                          Proportion of ownership
                                                   Country of
                                                                                           and voting power held
                                           Incorporation and
Significant Subsidiaries                    Place of Business     Nature of Business       June 2021         June 2020

Heartland Bank Limited                         New Zealand                     Bank            100%              100%
                                                                 Investment property
VPS Properties Limited                         New Zealand                                     100%              100%
                                                                    holding company

MARAC Insurance Limited                        New Zealand         Insurance services          100%              100%

Heartland Australia Holdings Pty Limited           Australia       Financial services          100%              100%

Heartland Australia Group Pty Limited              Australia       Financial services          100%              100%

Australian Seniors Finance Pty Limited             Australia    Management services            100%              100%




26. Structured entities

A structured entity is one which has been designed such that voting or similar rights are not the dominant factor
in deciding who controls the entity. Structured entities are created to accomplish a narrow and well-defined
objective such as the securitisation or holding of particular assets, or the execution of a specific borrowing or lending
transaction. Structured entities are consolidated where the substance of the relationship is that the Group controls
the structured entity.

(a) Heartland Cash and Term PIE Fund (Heartland PIE Fund)

The Group controls the operations of the Heartland PIE Fund which is a portfolio investment entity that invests in the
Group's deposits. Investments of Heartland PIE Fund are represented as follows:


$000's                                                                                     June 2021         June 2020

Deposits                                                                                    153,244            166,676




(b) Heartland Auto Receivables Warehouse Trust 2018-1 (Auto Warehouse)

The Auto Warehouse securitises motor loan receivables as a source of funding.

The Group continues to recognise the securitised assets and associated borrowings in the consolidated statement
of financial position as the Group remains exposed to and has the ability to affect variable returns from those assets
and liabilities. Although the Group recognises those interests in Auto Warehouse, the loans sold to Auto Warehouse
are set aside for the benefit of investors in Auto Warehouse and other depositors and lenders to the Group have no
recourse to those assets.


$000's                                                                                     June 2021         June 2020

Cash and cash equivalents                                                                      9,047             5,493

Finance receivables                                                                         126,399             78,066

Other borrowings                                                                           (128,125)           (79,012)




133 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                               F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



26. Structured entities (continued)


(c) Seniors Warehouse Trust, Seniors Warehouse Trust No.2 (together the SW Trusts) and ASF Settlement
Trust (ASF Trust)

SW Trusts and ASF Trust (collectively the Trusts) form part of ASF's reverse mortgage business and were set up
by ASF as asset holding entities. The Trustee for the Trusts is ASF Custodians Pty Limited and the Trust Manager is
ASF. The reverse mortgage loans held by the Trusts are set aside for the benefit of the investors in the Trusts. The
balances of SW Trusts and ASF Trust are represented as follows:


$000's                                                                                         June 2021            June 2020

Cash and cash equivalents                                                                         29,170               26,491

Finance receivables - reverse mortgages                                                          934,523              929,179

Other borrowings                                                                                (822,112)           (783,373)



(d) Atlas 2020-1 Trust (Atlas Trust)

Atlas Trust was set up on 11 September 2020 as part of ASF's reverse mortgage business similar to the existing SW
Trusts and ASF Trust. The Trustee for the Trust is BNY Trust Company of Australia Limited and the Trust Manager is
ASF. The balances of Atlas Trust are represented as follows:


$000's                                                                                                             June 2021

Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                             17,592

Finance receivables - reverse mortgages                                                                              140,044

Other borrowings                                                                                                   (145,943)




27. Staff share ownership arrangements

The Group operates a number of share-based compensation plans that are equity settled. The fair value determined
at the grant date is expensed on a straight line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity
instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity. At the end of each reporting period
the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest. The impact of the revision of
the original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised
estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the employee benefits reserve.

(a) Share-based compensation plan details

Heartland performance rights plan (PR plan)

The PR plan was established to enhance the alignment of participants' interests with those of the Group’s
shareholders. Under the PR plan participants are issued performance rights which will entitle them to receive shares
in the Group. As at June 2020, there were 3 tranches being 2017, 2018 and 2022. The 2017 and 2018 tranche
rules have been aligned to the PR Plan 2022, and therefore they all have the same terms and conditions applying
regarding participants, awarding of PR, measurement date and vesting as outlined below.




                                                                                                                            134
27. Staff share ownership arrangements (continued)

(a) Share-based compensation plan details (continued)

PR Plan 2022 Tranche (PR plan 2022)

The number of performance rights offered is determined by the participant’s long-term incentive (LTI) value over the
volume weighted average price (VWAP) of the Group's ordinary shares on the NZX Main Board for the 20 business
days immediately before (and excluding) the issue date. The issue date is 14 September 2019. Performance rights do
not entitle participants to dividends or voting rights.

The performance rights are issued subject to the participants’ continued employment with the Group until the
measurement date and the Group achieving its financial measures, strategic objectives and culture and conduct
objectives, over the period commencing 1 July 2019 and ending on 30 June 2022. The targets are dynamic and
may be adjusted by the Board from time to time in order to account for unanticipated capital changes during the
performance period. The measurement date is the business days following the date on which the Group announces
its full year results for the financial year ended 2022.

Performance rights will vest on the measurement date to the extent these criteria have been met, but subject to caps
and also to retesting on a later measurement date if the criteria are not met on the initial measurement date.

PR Plan 2023 Tranche (PR plan 2023)

PR plan 2023 was issued for period commencing 1 July 2020 and ending on 30 June 2023. The tranche rules have
been aligned with PR plan 2022. The measurement date for this tranche is the business date on which the Group
announces its full year results for the financial year ended 2023.


                                                                                   June 2021           June 2020
                                                                             PR Plan Number      PR Plan Number
                                                                                    of Rights           of Rights

Opening balance                                                                     3,216,927         3,121,340

Granted                                                                                     -          (816,858)

Issued                                                                              5,342,289          1,230,740

Forfeited                                                                           (816,940)          (318,295)

Closing balance                                                                     7,742,276          3,216,927




(b) Effect of share-based payment transactions


$000's                                                                              June 2021          June 2020

Award of Shares

PR Plan                                                                                 1,797                516

Total expense recognised                                                                1,797                516



As at 30 June 2021, $3.0 million of the share scheme awards remain unvested and not expensed (2020: $1.9 million).
This expense will be recognised over the vesting period of the awards.




135 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                               F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



27. Staff share ownership arrangements (continued)

(c) Number of rights outstanding



                                                          June 2021                                     June 2020

                                                     Rights                Remaining                Rights             Remaining
000's                                           Outstanding                    Years           Outstanding                 Years

PR Plan - 2017                                         1,943                         1                2,039                         2

PR Plan - 2018                                           170                         1                  259                         2

PR Plan - 2022                                           722                         1                  919                         2

PR Plan - 2023                                         4,908                         2                     -                        -

Total                                                   7,743                                         3,217




28. Insurance business, securitisation, funds management, other fiduciary activities

Insurance business

Marac Insurance Limited, a subsidiary of HBL, no longer conducts Insurance business as HBL entered into a
distribution agreement with DPL Insurance Limited to distribute DPL's insurance products through HBL's network.
MIL stopped writing insurance policies in the prior year with the last policies expected to expire in 2025.

The Group's aggregate amount of insurance business comprises the total consolidated assets of MIL of $8.5 million
(2020: $10.9 million), which represents 0.15% of the total consolidated assets of the Group (2020: 0.20%).

Securitisation, funds management and other fiduciary activities

Changes to the Group’s involvement in securitisation activities are set out in Note 26. There have been no material
changes to the Group’s involvement in funds management and other fiduciary activities during the year.




                                                                                                                            136
29. Concentrations of funding

(a) Concentrations of funding by industry

The Australian and New Zealand Standard Industrial Classification (ANZSIC) codes have been used as the basis for
categorising customer industry sectors.


$000's                                                                           June 2021          June 2020

Agriculture                                                                        102,107           109,268

Forestry and fishing                                                                14,226             14,901

Mining                                                                                  94                 35

Manufacturing                                                                       11,592              6,976

Finance and insurance                                                            1,669,055          1,431,320

Wholesale trade                                                                     11,218             10,855

Retail trade and accommodation                                                      28,521             20,423

Households                                                                        2,322,514         2,263,668

Rental, hiring and real estate services                                             46,245             41,348

Construction                                                                        24,231             19,702

Other business services                                                             58,334             63,697

Transport and storage                                                                4,337              4,552

Other                                                                               44,714             97,150

Total                                                                            4,337,188         4,083,895



Unsubordinated notes                                                               521,399           448,228

Total borrowings                                                                 4,858,587         4,532,123




(b) Concentration of funding by geographical area


$000's                                                                           June 2021          June 2020

New Zealand                                                                      3,599,337           3,470,744

Overseas                                                                         1,259,250           1,061,379

Total borrowings                                                                 4,858,587          4,532,123




137 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                                  F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021



30. Contingent liabilities and commitments


The Group in the ordinary course of business will be subject to claims and proceedings against it whereby the
validity of the claim will only be confirmed by uncertain future events. In such circumstances the contingent liabilities
are possible obligations, or present obligations if known, where the transfer of economic benefit is uncertain or
cannot be reliable measured. Contingent liabilities are not recognised, but are disclosed, unless they are remote.
Where some loss is probable, provisions have been made on a case by case basis.

Contingent liabilities and credit related commitments arising in respect of the Group's operations were:



$000's                                                                                        June 2021             June 2020

Letters of credit, guarantee commitments and performance bonds                                   13,484                  6,515

Total contingent liabilities                                                                     13,484                  6,515


Undrawn facilities available to customers                                                       299,544               260,098

Conditional commitments to fund at future dates                                                  19,083                 58,045

Total commitments                                                                              318,627               318,143




31. Events after the reporting date


HGH subsidiary Heartland Australia Group Pty Limited completed a senior unsecured bond issuance of AU $45
million on 9 July 2021.

The Group declared a fully imputed final dividend of 7 cents per share on 23 August 2021.

On Tuesday 17 August 2021 the New Zealand Government, in response to a community outbreak of the Delta
COVID variant, placed New Zealand into an immediate Level 4 lockdown. The Directors have considered the impact
of this, on the reported performance of the Group, and consider the reported performance has adequately allowed
for the potential impact of COVID at this time, and that the current lockdown does not affect the reported result for
the 12 months ended 30 June 2021.

There have been no other material events after the reporting date that would affect the interpretation of the
consolidated financial statements or the performance of the Group.




                                                                                                                               138
  Independent     Auditor’s
Independent Auditor’s Report Report
   To the shareholders of Heartland Group Holdings Limited
To the shareholders of Heartland Group Holdings Limited
   Report on the audit of the consolidated financial statements
Report on the audit of the consolidated financial statements

       Opinion
  Opinion
  We We      have audited
      have audited              the accompanying
                     the accompanying consolidated   consolidated                   In our consolidated
                                                       In our opinion, the accompanying       opinion, the accompanyin
      financial     statements     of Heartland
  financial statements of Heartland Group Holdings Group  Holdings                  financial
                                                       financial statements of the Group on pagesstatements
                                                                                                       83 to 138:of the Grou
      Limited
  Limited  and its and  its (the
                             subsidiaries
                   subsidiaries    “Group”) (the
                                            which “Group”)   which
                                                       i. present   fairly in all   i.    presentthe
                                                                                  material respects  fairly in all material r
                                                                                                       Group’s
      comprise:
  comprise:                                                                               financial
                                                           financial position as at 30 June           position as at 30 Ju
                                                                                               2021 and its
  ——
   the consolidated statement ofstatement
        the consolidated         financial position      financial performance and cash
                                                of financial position                   flows for the
                                                                                   financial   performance and ca
       as at 30                                                         year ended on that date; and
                                                                                                  year ended on that date; and
             asJune 2021;
                at 30  June 2021;
                                                ii. comply with New Zealand Equivalents to
  ——
   the consolidated statements of comprehensive
        the consolidated statements of comprehensive
                                                                           ii. comply with New Zealand E
                                                    International Financial Reporting Standards and
   income, changes in equity and cash flows for                                International Financial Repor
        income, changes in equity and cash flows
   the year then ended; and
                                                             for Financial Reporting Standards.
                                                    International
                                                                               International Financial Repor
             the year then ended; and
  — notes, including a summary of significant
       —    notes,
       accounting     including
                  policies and otheraexplanatory
                                      summary of significant
             accounting policies and other explanatory
       information.
             information.


             Basis for opinion
We conducted our Basis         for opinion
                    audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (“ISAs (NZ)”). We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
   We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zeala
We are independent of the Group in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1 International Code of
   believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a b
Ethics for Assurance Practitioners (Including International Independence Standards) (New Zealand) issued by the
NewWe Zealand
         are Auditing   and Assurance
              independent        of theStandards
                                          GroupBoardin and the   International
                                                        accordance      withEthics     Standards Board
                                                                                Professional        and for
                                                                                                         Ethical Standard 1 In
Accountants’  International Code of Ethics for Professional  Accountants  (including International
   Ethics for Assurance Practitioners (Including International Independence Standards) (New Z      Independence
Standards) (“IESBA Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
   New Zealand Auditing and Assurance Standards Board and the International Ethics Standar
requirements and the IESBA Code.
   Accountants’ International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Internatio
OurStandards)
    responsibilities(“IESBA
                     under ISAsCode”),
                               (NZ) are further
                                           anddescribed
                                                 we have in the auditor’sour
                                                             fulfilled    responsibilities
                                                                              other ethicalfor theresponsibilities
                                                                                                   audit of the    in accord
consolidated financial statements section
   requirements and the IESBA Code.       of our report.
Our firm has also provided other services to the Group in relation to the review of the Group’s consolidated
    Our responsibilities under ISAs (NZ) are further described in the auditor’s responsibilities fo
interim financial statements, regulatory assurance services, agreed upon procedure engagements and supervisor
    consolidated financial statements section of our report.
reporting. Subject to certain restrictions, partners and employees of our firm may also deal with the Group on
    Ourterms
normal    firmwithin
                 has the  ordinary
                       also        course of
                             provided         trading
                                           other      activities of
                                                    services     tothe business
                                                                     the  Group of in
                                                                                    the Group.
                                                                                        relationThese  matters
                                                                                                   to the       have of the Grou
                                                                                                             review
notinterim
    impaired our   independence  as  auditor of the Group.  The  firm has no other relationship
              financial statements, regulatory assurance services, agreed upon procedure        with, or interest in, the engage
Group.
   reporting. Subject to certain restrictions, partners and employees of our firm may also deal
   normal terms within the ordinary course of trading activities of the business of the Group. T
   not impaired our independence as auditor of the Group. The firm has no other relationship w
         Materiality
   Group.
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. Materiality helped us to determine the
nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and to evaluate the effect of misstatements, both individually
and on the consolidated financial statements as a whole. The materiality for the consolidated financial statements
                   Materiality
as a whole was set at $5,820,000 determined with reference to a benchmark of the Group’s profit before tax.
We chose the benchmark because, in our view, this is a key measure of the Group’s performance.
     The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. Materiality helped u
     nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and to evaluate the effect of misstateme
     and on the consolidated financial statements as a whole. The materiality for the consolidate
     as a whole was set at $5,820,000 determined with reference to a benchmark of the Group
© 2021 KPMG, a New Zealand Partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member
firmsWe
     affiliatedchose      the benchmark
                with KPMG International                     because,
                                        Limited, a private English             inbyour
                                                                   company limited        view,
                                                                                    guarantee.          this
                                                                                               All rights       is a key measure of the Group’s perfor
                                                                                                          reserved.
                                               F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021




We agreed with the Audit Committee that we would report to them, misstatements identified during our audit
above $290,000 as well as misstatements below that amount that, in our view, warranted reporting for
qualitative reasons.



            Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of
the consolidated financial statements in the current period. We summarise below those matters and our key
audit procedures to address those matters in order that the shareholders as a body may better understand the
process by which we arrived at our audit opinion. Our procedures were undertaken in the context of and solely
for the purpose of our statutory audit opinion on the consolidated financial statements as a whole and we do not
express discrete opinions on separate elements of the consolidated financial statements.

The key audit matter                                How the matter was addressed in our audit

Provision for impairment of finance receivables
Refer to notes 1, 13 and 22 to the consolidated financial statements.

The provision for impairment of finance             Together with KPMG credit risk specialists we assessed the Group’s
receivables is a key audit matter due to the        collective and individual provisions. Our procedures, amongst others,
financial significance and the inherent             included:
complexity of the Group’s expected credit loss
(“ECL”) models.                                       Assessing the Group’s governance and oversight, including the
                                                          continuous reassessment of overall provisioning;
Significant judgement and estimates are
required to incorporate forward-looking               Assessing the Group’s significant accounting policies and
information to reflect future economic                    expected credit loss (“ECL”) modelling methodology against
conditions.                                               the requirements of the standards and underlying accounting
                                                          records;
The collective provision is estimated through
the ECL models using historical data which is         Testing key controls including the arrears calculations,
adjusted for forward looking information and              customer loan ratings, annual loan reviews, credit risk reviews
the assigned risk grade or arrears status.                and data reconciliations between the ECL models and source
Additionally, management apply judgement in               systems;
the determination of provision overlays to            Assessing the model output against actual losses incurred by
adjust for future market conditions.                      the Group;
The level of judgement involved in determining        Challenging the key assumptions, including forward looking
the provision for collectively impaired assets            economic assumptions, against external information including
requires us to challenge the appropriateness              benchmarking management’s estimates to a range of different
of management’s assumptions.                              market forecasts;
The provision for individually impaired assets is
                                                      Evaluating individual credit assessments for a sample of ‘rural’
based on the application of management
                                                          and other ‘corporate’ loans on management’s credit watchlist.
judgement regarding expected future
                                                          This included inspection of the latest correspondence with the
cashflows, which are inherently uncertain.
                                                          borrower, assessment of the provision estimates prepared by
                                                          credit risk officers, and consideration of the resolution strategy.
                                                          We challenged assumptions and assessed collateral values by
                                                          comparing them to valuations performed by independent
                                                          valuers; and
                                                      Assessing the disclosures in the consolidated financial
                                                          statements against the requirements of NZ IFRS.
                                                     From the procedures performed we consider the Group
                                                     appropriately identified and considered the uncertainties in the
                                                     provision estimates.




                                                                                                                            140
      The key audit matter                               How the matter was addressed in our audit



      Valuation of finance receivables – reverse mortgages
      Refer to note 20 of the consolidated financial statements.

      The Group’s reverse mortgage portfolio is held     Our procedures over the fair value loan portfolios, amongst others,
      at fair value.                                     included:

      The fair value calculation is based on the          Testing key controls over the accuracy of data impacting the
      application of management judgement. In                 fair value assessment;
      assessing the fair value, the Group                 Assessing evidence of a relevant active market or observable
      continuously considers evidence of a relevant           inputs; and
      active market. In the absence of such a
      market, in the current period, the Group            Challenging the key assumptions used by the Group in
      considered changes since loan origination and           determining the portfolio’s fair value.
      expected future cashflows.                         The estimates and assumptions used to determine the valuation of
                                                         finance receivables are reasonable, with no evidence of management
      The inherent uncertainties include estimated
                                                         bias or influence identified from our procedures.
      exits, interest rates and security property
      values.

      Operation of IT systems and controls

      The Group is reliant on complex IT systems for     Our audit procedures, amongst others, included:
      the processing and recording of significant
      volumes of transactions and other core
                                                          Gaining an understanding of business processes, key controls
                                                              and IT systems relevant to significant financial statement
      banking activity.
                                                              balances, including technology services provided by a third
      For significant financial statement balances,           party;
      such as finance receivables and deposits,
      where relevant, our audit involves an               Assessing the effectiveness of the IT control environment,
      assessment of the design of the Group’s                 including core banking IT systems, key automated controls and
      internal control environment. There are some            reporting; and
      areas of the audit where we seek to test and
      place reliance on IT systems, automated
                                                          Evaluating general IT controls relevant to IT system changes
                                                              and development, IT operations, and developer and user
      controls and reporting.
                                                              access.
      The effective operation of these controls is
                                                         Where we noted design or operating effectiveness matters relating
      dependent upon the Group’s general IT control
                                                         to IT system or application controls relevant to our audit, we
      environment, which incorporates controls
                                                         performed alternative audit procedures. We also identified and tested
      relevant to IT system changes and
                                                         mitigating controls in order to respond to the impact on our overall
      development, IT operations, and developer
                                                         audit approach.
      and user access.
                                                         We did not identify any material issues or exceptions from those
                                                         additional procedures.



                  Other information
      The Directors, on behalf of the Group, are responsible for the other information included in the entity’s Annual
      Report. Other information may include the Chairman’s Report, Chief Executive Officer’s Report and disclosures
      relating to corporate governance. Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover any other
      information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
      The Annual Report is expected to be made available to us after the date of this Independent Auditor's
      Report. Our responsibility is to read the Annual Report when it becomes available and consider whether the
      other information it contains is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements, or our
      knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appear misstated. If so, we are required to report such matters to
      the Directors.



141 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
                                             F I N A N C I A L S TAT E M E N T S F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 3 0 J U N E 2021




           Use of this independent auditor’s report
This independent auditor’s report is made solely to the shareholders as a body. Our audit work has been
undertaken so that we might state to the shareholders those matters we are required to state to them in the
independent auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept
or assume responsibility to anyone other than the shareholders as a body for our audit work, this independent
auditor’s report, or any of the opinions we have formed.



           Responsibilities of the Directors for the consolidated financial statements
The Directors, on behalf of the Group, are responsible for:
— the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally
    accepted accounting practice in New Zealand (being New Zealand Equivalents to International Financial
    Reporting Standards) and International Financial Reporting Standards;
— implementing necessary internal control to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that
    are fairly presented and free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and
— assessing the ability to continue as a going concern. This includes disclosing, as applicable, matters related
    to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate or to
    cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.



           Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements
Our objective is:

— to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
    from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and
— to issue an independent auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with ISAs NZ will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error. They are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
consolidated financial statements.
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of these consolidated financial statements is located at
the External Reporting Board (XRB) website at:
http://www.xrb.govt.nz/standards-for-assurance-practitioners/auditors-responsibilities/audit-report-1/
This description forms part of our independent auditor’s report.
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Graeme Edwards.
For and on behalf of




KPMG
Auckland
23 August 2021




                                                                                                                          142
Shareholder information
Mōhiohio o te hunga whaipānga

Spread of shares
Set out below are details of the spread of shareholders of Heartland as at 30 August 2021 (being a date not more
than two months prior to the date of this Annual Report).


Size of holding                 Number of shareholders                  Total shares          % of issued shares

1 - 1,000 shares                                   1,464                    798,555                          0.14

1,001 - 5,000 shares                               3,151                  8,958,834                          1.53

5,001 - 10,000 shares                              2,214                 16,458,658                          2.81

10,001 - 50,000 shares                             4,461                100,598,408                         17.17

50,001 - 100,000 shares                              785                 54,253,997                          9.26

100,001 shares and over                              518                404,835,913                         69.10

Total                                             12,593               585,904,365                        100.00




143 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
Twenty largest shareholders
Set out below are details of the 20 largest shareholders of Heartland as at 30 August 2021 (being a date not more
than two months prior to the date of this Annual Report).


Rank     Shareholder                                                           Total shares   % of issued shares
1        Harrogate Trustee Limited                                              58,392,997                      9.97
2        FNZ Custodians Limited                                                  32,253,872                     5.50
3        Citibank Nominees (NZ) Limited                                          23,935,655                     4.09
4        Custodial Services Limited                                              15,199,494                     2.59
5        Oceania & Eastern Limited                                               13,267,285                     2.26
6        New Zealand Depository Nominee                                          11,631,144                     1.99
7        Philip Maurice Carter                                                   11,416,647                     1.95
8        Accident Compensation Corporation                                       10,092,152                     1.72
9        Hobson Wealth Custodian Limited                                          9,374,795                     1.60
10       BNP Paribas Nominees NZ Limited                                          9,026,348                     1.54
11       JPMORGAN Chase Bank                                                      7,676,933                     1.31
12       HSBC Nominees (New Zealand) Limited                                      7,204,322                     1.23
13       Pt Booster Investments Nominees Limited                                  7,099,727                     1.21
14       Heartland Trust                                                          6,475,976                     1.11
15       HSBC Nominees (New Zealand) Limited                                      6,032,802                     1.03
16       Forsyth Barr Custodians Limited                                          5,218,372                     0.89
17       Jarden Custodians Limited                                                4,794,667                     0.82
18       FNZ Custodians Limited                                                   4,583,129                     0.78
19       ASB Nominees Limited                                                     4,000,000                     0.68
20       Public Trust                                                             3,292,937                     0.56
Total                                                                          250,969,254                  42.83




Substantial product holders
As at 30 June 2021, the following product holders are substantial product holders in Heartland. Heartland had
585,904,365 ordinary shares on issue, being the only class of quoted voting products on issue.


                                                                                              % of total number
Name
                                             Number of shares           Class of shares       of shares in class
Harrogate Trustee Limited and
                                                    58,392,997                 Ordinary                         9.97
Gregory Raymond Tomlinson




                                                                                                                  144
Other information
Mōhiohio kē atu
Auditors’ fees
KPMG has continued to act as auditors of Heartland and its subsidiaries. The amount payable by Heartland and
its subsidiaries to KPMG as audit fees during the year ended 30 June 2021 was $790,000. The amount of fees
payable to KPMG for non-audit work during the year ended 30 June 2021 was $103,000. These non-audit fees
were primarily for regulatory assurance services, agreed upon procedures engagements and supervisor reporting.


Credit rating
As at the date of this Annual Report, Heartland has a Fitch Australia Pty Limited long-term credit rating of
BBB (outlook stable).


Donations
The total amount of donations made by Heartland and its subsidiaries during the year ended 30 June 2021
was $14,355.


Exercise of NZX disciplinary powers
NZX Limited did not exercise any of its powers under Listing Rule 9.9.3 in relation to Heartland and its
subsidiaries during the year ended 30 June 2021.


NZX waivers
No waivers were granted to the Group by NZX, or relied on by the Group, within the 12-month period preceding 30
June 2021 other than the NZX class waiver providing issuers with additional time to prepare and release their full
year results announcement and annual report in recognition that COVID-19 impacted issuers’ abilities to meet the
usual reporting timeframes which the Group relied upon in connection with the financial year ended 30 June 2020.




145 | Heartland Annual Report 2021
Directory
Te rēhita




            146
heartland.co.nz
