       （在中華人民共和國註冊成立的股份有限公司）                                     (A joint stock limited company incorporated in the People's Republic of China with limited liability)
        股份代號：02600                                               Stock Code: 02600




2024                                                      2024
中期報告                                                      Interim Report




                               2024 中期報告 Interim Report
                                           Contents
2    Corporate Information
5    Product Market Review
8    Business Review
11   Outlook and Prospect
15   Interim Results
15   Interim Dividend
15   Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and
       Operation Results
24   Investment of the Company
25   Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
27   Employees and Pension Plans
29   Structure and Change of Share Capital and Particulars of
       Shareholders
30   Substantial Shareholders with Shareholding of 5% or more
31   Changes in Shares and Approval
33   Total Number of Shareholders at the end of the Reporting Period
33   Shareholdings of Top Ten Shareholders
34   Interests in Shares Held by Directors, Supervisors and Chief Executive
36   Repurchase, Sale and Redemption of the Company’s Shares
37   Charge and Pledges on Group Assets
37   Guarantees
39   Corporate Governance
39   Code of Conduct for Securities Transactions by the Directors,
       Supervisors and Relevant Employees
39   The Board and its Committees, Supervisory Committee and General
       Meeting
44   Significant Events
59   Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
    CORPORATE INFORMATION
    1.   Registered name                    :   中國鋁業股份有限公司
         Abbreviation of Chinese            :   中國鋁業
           registered name
         English name                       :   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
         Abbreviation of English            :   CHALCO
           registered name


    2.   First registration date            :   10 September 2001
         Registered address                 :   No. 62 North Xizhimen Street, Haidian District, Beijing,
                                                  the PRC (Postal Code: 100082)
         Place of business                  :   No. 62 North Xizhimen Street, Haidian District, Beijing,
                                                  the PRC (Postal Code: 100082)
         Principal place of business in     :   Room 4501, Far East Finance Centre, No. 16 Harcourt
           Hong Kong                              Road, Admiralty, Hong Kong
         Internet website of the            :   www.chalco.com.cn
           Company
         E-mail of the Company              :   IR@chinalco.com.cn(Note 1)


    3.   Legal representative of the        :   Mr. Shi Zhirong(Note 2)
           Company
         Joint company secretaries          :   Mr. Ge Xiaolei and Ms. Ng Ka Man
         Telephone                          :   (8610) 8229 8322
         Fax                                :   (8610) 8229 8158
         E-mail                             :   IR@chinalco.com.cn(Note 1)
         Address                            :   No. 62 North Xizhimen Street, Haidian District, Beijing,
                                                  the PRC (Postal Code: 100082)
         Representative for Company’s       :   Mr. Gao Lidong
           securities related affairs
         Telephone                          :   (8610) 8229 8322
         Fax                                :   (8610) 8229 8158
         E-mail                             :   IR@chinalco.com.cn(Note 1)
         Address                            :   No. 62 North Xizhimen Street, Haidian District, Beijing,
                                                  the PRC (Postal Code: 100082)
         Department for corporate           :   The security affairs division of finance department (capital
           information and inquiry                operation department)
         Telephone for corporate            :   (8610) 8229 8322
           information and inquiry




2   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
4.   Share registrar and transfer
       office
     A shares                         :   China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation
                                            Limited, Shanghai Branch (“CSDC Shanghai Branch”)
                                            188 South Yanggao Road, Pudong New Area, Shanghai,
                                            the PRC (Postal Code: 200127)


     H shares                         :   Hong Kong Registrars Limited
                                           17M Floor, Hopewell Centre,
                                           183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai,
                                           Hong Kong


5.   Places of listing                :   Shanghai Stock Exchange (“SSE”)
                                          The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Hong Kong
                                            Stock Exchange”)


     Stock name                       :   中國鋁業(CHALCO)


     Stock code                       :   601600 (SSE)
                                          02600 (Hong Kong Stock Exchange)


6.   Principal bankers                :   Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, China
                                            Construction Bank


7.   Unified social credit code for   :   911100007109288314
      corporate legal person


8.   Independent auditors             :   PricewaterhouseCoopers
       (resigned) (Note 3)                Certified Public Accountants
                                          Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
                                          22/F, Prince’s Building, Central, Hong Kong SAR


                                          PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP
                                          11/F, PricewaterhouseCoopers Center,
                                          2 Corporate Avenue,
                                          202 Hu Bin Road,
                                          Huangpu District, Shanghai, the PRC
                                          (Postal Code: 200021)




                                                                                2024 INTERIM REPORT   3
    9.        Legal advisers                        :   as to PRC laws:
                                                        Jincheng Tongda & Neal Law Firm
                                                        10/F, China World Trade Tower A,
                                                        1 Jianguomenwai Avenue, Chaoyang District,
                                                        Beijing, the PRC
                                                        (Postal Code: 100004)


                                                        as to Hong Kong laws:
                                                        Baker & McKenzie
                                                        14/F, One Taikoo Place, 979 King’s Road, Quarry Bay,
                                                        Hong Kong


    10.       Place for inspection of               :   The security affairs division of finance department (capital
                corporate information                     operation department)

    Note 1:     The Company published an announcement on 25 June 2024, according to which, the Company’s e-mail address
                has been changed from IR@chalco.com.cn to IR@chinalco.com.cn due to the transformation and upgrading of the
                internal information system of the Company.

    Note 2:     On 3 June 2024, the Board of Directors of the Company received a written resignation submitted by Mr. Dong
                Jianxiong, according to which, Mr. Dong Jianxiong proposed to resign as the chairman and the executive director
                of the Company and from all other positions in each of the special committees under the Board of Directors due
                to work needs, effective from the date of the election of new executive director at the general meeting of the
                Company. On the same date, the 22nd meeting of the eighth session of the Board of Directors was convened,
                at which it was agreed to nominate Mr. Shi Zhirong as a candidate for executive director of the eighth session
                of the Board of Directors of the Company. On 25 June 2024, the annual general meeting of the Company for
                2023 was held, at which the election of Mr. Shi Zhirong as an executive director of the eighth session of the
                Board of Directors of the Company was approved, and the resignation of Mr. Dong Jianxiong became effective
                immediately. On the same date, the Company held the 23rd meeting of the eighth session of the Board of
                Directors, at which the election of Mr. Shi Zhirong as the chairman of the eighth session of the Board of
                Directors of the Company was approved. Pursuant to the provisions of the Articles of Association of Aluminum
                Corporation of China Limited (the “Articles of Association”), the legal representative of the Company has been
                changed from Mr. Dong Jianxiong to Mr. Shi Zhirong. For details of the foregoing, please refer to the relevant
                announcements of the Company dated 3 June 2024 and 25 June 2024, respectively.

    Note 3:     Pursuant to a resolution of the 2022 annual general meeting of the Company held on 20 June 2023, the Company
                engaged PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers as the Company’s domestic and
                overseas auditors for the year of 2023 for a term expiring at the conclusion of the 2023 annual general meeting
                of the Company. As at the date of this interim report, the Company has not appointed the 2024 domestic and
                overseas auditors. The Company will appoint auditors as soon as practicable and will make an announcement in
                accordance with the requirements of the rules in due course.




4   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
The board of directors (the “Board”) of Aluminum Corporation of China Limited* (the “Company”)
announces the unaudited interim results of the Company and its subsidiaries (together, the
“Group”) for the six months ended 30 June 2024. On behalf of the Board and all employees of the
Company, the Board would like to express its sincere gratitude to all shareholders for their attention
and support to the Company.


PRODUCT MARKET REVIEW

BAUXITE MARKET

Due to the continued large-scale suspension of production of bauxite mines in Henan and Shanxi,
in the first half of 2024, the domestic market suffered short supply of bauxite, with the grade of
ore being inferior, resulting in the continuous increase in the use of imported bauxite by alumina
enterprises and the amount of imported bauxite hitting a new record high. As of the end of June,
China’s cumulative imports of bauxite amounted to 77.35 million tonnes, representing a year-on-
year increase of 7.3%, among which Guinea remained as the most important source of imported
ore, accounting for approximately 72.8% of the total import, and Australia ranked second,
accounting for approximately 22.9% of the total import.


ALUMINA MARKET

In the first half of 2024, domestic and international spot prices of alumina both showed an upward
trend.

In the domestic market, due to the impact of the explosion of Guinea’s oil depot at the end of 2023,
the suspension of production of certain bauxite in domestic Henan and Shanxi, and the production
suspension and reduction by alumina plants in Hebei and Shandong resulting from heavy pollution
weather, the market’s concerns about bauxite supply and the wide-scale production cuts by alumina
companies led to a rapid upward movement in alumina prices in January. During the period between
the end of the Spring Festival and the beginning of April, domestic alumina prices entered the
plateau, when a slight price decline was recorded, but generally speaking, not a sharp one. During
the period from mid-April to May, the domestic alumina prices entered the second stage of rapid
increase, with a collective rise in commodity prices as driven by macro data, and a large number
of funds flowing into the futures market, which drove the spot market prices to continuously rise.
Particularly, following Rio Tinto Group’s announcement regarding to force majeure relating to the
shipment of its two alumina plants in Australia, the dominant contracts limited up strongly, and
the prices hit a record high, driving the spot price to the highest point for the first half of the year.
During June, as futures prices fell back, spot trading volume of alumina decreased significantly, and




                                                                                     2024 INTERIM REPORT    5
    spot prices entered the plateau again. In the first half of 2024, the highest spot price of alumina in
    China was RMB3,917 per tonne, the lowest price was RMB3,156 per tonne, and the average price
    was RMB3,504 per tonne, representing an increase of 21.0% year on year.


    In the international market, the overall trend of international spot prices of alumina was basically the
    same as the domestic one, however, the increase in international one was weaker than domestic
    one. In March 2024, due to the impact of a pipeline fire disaster, the operating capacity of two
    alumina plants of Rio Tinto Group in Australia, one in Yarwun and the other one in Queensland,
    declined by around 1.2 million tonnes/year. Rio Tinto Group issued an announcement regarding to
    force majeure in May in relation to the shipment of the two alumina plants; in addition, Alcoa shut
    down its alumina plant in Kwinana in Australia in April, involving an operating capacity of around
    1.8 million tonnes/year. Due to the aforementioned factors, overseas alumina supply declined,
    supporting price increases. During the first half of 2024, the international spot market price of
    alumina (FOB spot price) was USD511 per tonne at the highest, USD354 per tonne at the lowest,
    and USD403 per tonne at average, representing an increase of 14.3% year on year.


    In terms of supply and demand, in the first half of 2024, the domestic market was dominated by
    shortage of supply. On the supply side, China’s alumina production capacity reached 104.35 million
    tonnes/year by the end of June 2024, however, due to constraint by the lack of supply of bauxite,
    as well as the impact of security and environmental protection related factors, the domestic
    alumina enterprises cut their production in a large scale, with the operating rate being only 76.2%
    in January, although subsequent sharp rise in the price of alumina drove the alumina enterprises’
    efforts to resume production, however, the pace of production capacity recovery was still relatively
    slow. On the demand side, as the production of domestic electrolytic aluminum industry remained
    stable in the first half of 2024 as a whole, the operating capacity and the operating rate both hit a
    record high, and the demand for alumina increased accordingly. Due to the combined effect of the
    above factors, the overall domestic alumina supply shortage in the first half of the year amounted to
    890,000 tonnes, with a greater extent than that of the previous year.


    According to the statistics, the global output and consumption of alumina for the first half of 2024
    were 69.90 million tonnes and 70.86 million tonnes, respectively, representing a year-on-year
    increase of 2.5% and 3.9%, respectively; the China’s domestic output and consumption of alumina
    were 41.27 million tonnes and 42.60 million tonnes, respectively, representing a year-on-year
    increase of 2.7% and 5.2%, respectively, accounting for 59.0% and 60.1% of global alumina output
    and consumption, respectively. As at the end of June 2024, the capacity utilisation rate of global
    alumina was 77.2% and the capacity utilisation rate of China’s alumina was 79.5%.




6   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
PRIMARY ALUMINUM MARKET

In the first half of 2024, both domestic and international primary aluminum prices showed a trend of
decreasing first and then increasing.


In the domestic market, from January to February, due to the macro-economic situation, shut down
of downstream aluminum processing plants around the Spring Festival, seasonal stock up and other
factors, the price of aluminum declined in fluctuation. From March, the market expectation towards
the macro-economy became strong, and the supply side of main non-ferrous metal varieties
represented by copper and aluminum was disturbed, enabling the combination of multiple benefits
in macro and fundamentals and the active flow of industrial and speculative funds into market,
resulting in the commencement of a rapid increase in the price of aluminum, which reached the
highest point for the first half of the year in May. In June, with the successive exit of long funds at
high-order position, the price of aluminum fell in fluctuations. In the first half of 2024, the average
prices of three-month aluminum futures and current month aluminum at SHFE were RMB19,846
per tonne and RMB19,849 per tonne, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.2% and 7.2%,
respectively.


In the international market, the aluminum price at the LME fluctuated in a downward trend in the
first quarter and began to bottom out and rebound in the second quarter, especially after the United
States and the United Kingdom announced their implementation of new trading restrictions on
Russian metal, the rise of the price of aluminum at the LME accelerated, which reached the highest
point for the half year in May. Then, as the overheated market sentiment cooled, the price also
fluctuated in a downward trend in June, but the gravity of the price remained at the highest point
for the most recent two years. In the first half of 2024, three-month aluminum futures and the spot
prices at the LME averaged at USD2,400 per tonne and USD2,360 per tonne, representing a year-
on-year increase of 1.6% and 1.2%, respectively.


In terms of supply and demand, in the first half of 2024, the domestic production and consumption
of electrolytic aluminum both showed a growth trend. On the supply side, the production in China’s
aluminum industry was generally relatively stable in the first half of the year, and there was no
occurrence of large-scale production cuts due to various force majeure, especially in the second
quarter when, with the rapid resumption of production of electrolytic aluminum enterprises in
Yunnan and the completion and commencement of operation of the new projects in Inner Mongolia,
the production capacity accelerated and was enhanced, the operating capacity and the operating
rate both hit a record high. As of the end of June 2024, China’s completed production capacity
of electrolytic aluminum reached 44.72 million tonnes per annum. On the demand side, although
demand from traditional sectors such as real estate continued to shrink, the demand from industries
such as new energy vehicles and photovoltaic power still maintained a high growth rate, coupled
with the resumption of positive growth in exports of aluminum products, which fully made up the
lack of consumption in traditional sectors.


                                                                                   2024 INTERIM REPORT    7
    According to statistics, in the first half of 2024, global primary aluminum production and
    consumption were 35.87 million tonnes and 36.01 million tonnes, respectively, representing a
    year-on-year increase of 3.9% and 5.1%, respectively; China’s primary aluminum production and
    consumption were 21.30 million and 22.10 million tonnes, respectively, representing a year-on-year
    increase of 5.3% and 7.5%, respectively, accounting for 59.4% and 61.4% of the global primary
    aluminum production and consumption, respectively. As at the end of June 2024, the capacity
    utilisation rate of global primary aluminum was 91.3% and the capacity utilisation rate of China’s
    primary aluminum was 95.6%.


    BUSINESS REVIEW
    In the first half of 2024, focusing on the strategic goals of “four extra strong (四個特强)” and
    building a world class aluminum company, the Company exerted efforts in both traditional industries
    and strategical emerging industries, adhered to ultimate operation, deepened reform and innovation,
    accelerated structural adjustments and layout optimisation, constantly enhanced its core functions
    and core competitiveness, continuously promoted high-quality development, and achieved the best
    interim results in the Company’s history.


    1.   Strong growth was achieved in operating results, and the
         operation quality was continuously solidified

         The Company seized market opportunities, strengthened full and high-quality production,
         and comprehensively promoted the management model of “Three Transformations and One
         Improvement”. The output of main products significantly increased, while cost consumption
         continued to be optimized. In the first half of the year, the Company’s output of metallurgical-
         grade alumina, refined alumina, primary aluminum (including alloy), carbon, coal and electricity
         was 8.20 million tonnes, 2.07 million tonnes, 3.63 million tonnes, 1.47 million tonnes, 6.38
         million tonnes and 18.5 billion kWh, respectively, achieving a total profit of RMB12.969 billion,
         a net profit of RMB11.290 billion and operating cash flow of RMB13.485 billion. As of the
         end of June 2024, the gearing ratio of the Company was 49.97%, falling below 50% for the
         first time in nearly a decade, further solidifying the asset quality. The Company has obtained
         level-A information disclosure rating from the SSE and the highest rating of non-ferrous
         industry for five consecutive years; was honored with the title of “China Top 500 Innovative
         Brands in 2024”, and once again included into the “ESG Pioneer 100 List of Listed Companies
         in China”; and ranked 747th on the Forbes Global 2000 list.




8   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
2.   Guided by strategic planning continuously, industrial layout
     was further optimised
     The Company continued to strengthen top-level design by comprehensively revising
     and improving its strategic planning system. It revised and implemented the Company’s
     “14th Five-Year Plan” for industrial development, technology development plan, product
     development plan, and carbon peaking and carbon neutrality and digitalization action plan,
     and put forth effort to construct the “563” industrial development landscape (namely,
     strengthening 5 traditional industries, refining 6 strategic emerging industries, and solidifying
     3 platform industries) and created a competitive advantage across the entire industry chain,
     clarifying the direction and path for accelerating high-quality development of the Company.
     The Company made new phased progress in acquiring bauxite resources both domestically
     and internationally; a number of key projects such as Guangxi Huasheng New Material Co.,
     Ltd.*(廣西華昇新材料有限公司) (“Guangxi Huasheng”) Phase II 2 million-tonne alumina
     project, Inner Mongolia Huayun New Materials Co., Ltd.*(內蒙古華雲新材料有限公司) (“Inner
     Mongolia Huayun”) Phase III 420,000-tonne electrolytic aluminum project, the 500,000-tonne
     600kA electrolytic aluminum project of Qinghai Branch and the 1200 MW new energy project
     in Darhan-Muminggan Joint County were progressing in an orderly manner, further optimizing
     the Company’s industrial layout.


3.   E m p o w e r e d b y t e c h n o l o g i c a l i n n o v a t i o n c o n t i n u o u s l y,
     technological achievements continued to emerge
     The Company intensely focused on implementing the technology innovation system,
     pushed forward the annual research and development to high standards, and established a
     systematic plan centered around technology to support industrial and product development
     paths for the first time, resulting in a clear product spectrum and technical route; continued to
     advance the “science and technology reform demonstration action”, and Chalco Zhengzhou
     Research Institute of Non-ferrous Metal*(中鋁鄭州有色金屬研究院有限公司) (“Zhengzhou
     Institute”) has been approved as a national technology innovation demonstration
     enterprise, and received the “Science and Technology Reform Demonstration Enterprise”
     and “Benchmarking” ratings from the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
     Commission for two consecutive years; coordinated the signing of agreements between
     Zhengzhou Institute and enterprises, achieving systematic deployment and comprehensive
     implementation of R&D projects, funding and teams; made important progress in several
     significant research projects critical to the Company’s long-term development across various
     segments of the industrial chain; appointed three top experts in the industry including
     academician Zhao Zhongwei as technical advisors, newly appointed 31 chief engineers and
     18 first-level researchers, and organized 64 professional and technical personnel for two-
     way secondment exchanges between the institute and the enterprise; established deep-
     level collaborations with institutions such as Shanghai Jiao Tong University and Northeastern
     University, and jointly built an advanced materials laboratory with its partners. In terms of
     strategic emerging industries, a number of high-end refined alumina projects and high-purity
     aluminum-based new material projects have been completed and put into operation or are
     under construction; significant breakthroughs have been achieved in the research on new
     methods for refining magnesium.




                                                                                  2024 INTERIM REPORT    9
     4.   Management reform continued to be deepened, with
          momentum and vitality being continuously unleashed

          The Company advanced reforms to deepen and enhance actions with high quality,
          continuously deepened all-element benchmarking to improve quality and efficiency,
          efficiently implemented the production and operation white paper, advanced deeply the
          reform of three systems, continuously improved the functions of “Green Star Chain (綠
          星鏈通)” platform, and continually enhanced the synergy level of trade logistics across
          the entire industry chain, initially shaping a high-quality operation system with distinctive
          characteristics of the Company. The Company adhered to upright operations, implemented
          compliance management and new requirements for risk prevention and control, enhanced
          the construction of the authorization management system, meticulously reviewed decision-
          making lists for major issues, reinforced responsibilities in bidding management, optimized
          the legal control system and the audit organization system, improved the institutional
          systems of the Company’s headquarters and its subsidiaries, and profoundly advanced the
          fundamental resolution of production safety challenges and the three-year campaign to rectify
          ecological environmental issues, making new progress in governance system and governance
          capacity building.


     5.   With active practice in carbon peaking and carbon neutrality
          strategy, significant achievements were made in green and
          low-carbon initiatives

          The Company actively implemented the carbon peaking and carbon neutrality strategy,
          continuously promoting the green and low-carbon development of the Company. In the first
          half of the year, it reduced carbon emission by 660,000 tonnes; completed bauxite mine
          reclamation and re-greening by over 3,600 mu; established eight national green mines and
          13 green factories; reduced the nitrogen oxide emissions intensity of alumina and electrolytic
          aluminum by 6.4% and 14.6% year on year, respectively; energetically expanded the
          utilization channels of red mud, achieving a historic high in comprehensive red mud utilization
          rates; and disposed of 260,000 tonnes of “three wastes” from electrolytic aluminum. The
          Jiyuan bauxite reclamation and ecological restoration project of Chalco Zhongzhou Aluminum
          Co., Ltd.*(中鋁中州鋁業有限公司) (“Zhongzhou Aluminum”) was selected by China Central
          Television for broadcast as one of the first excellent typical cases in the landscape projects.
          Guangxi Hualei New Materials Co., Ltd.*(廣西華磊新材料有限公司) (“Guangxi Hualei”)
          and Zhongzhou Aluminum were shortlisted in the list of energy efficiency “leaders” in key
          industries for 2023 of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology.




10   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
6.    With strong and effective Party building, two-way integration
      was further deepened

      The Company consistently upheld the integration of Party leadership throughout all aspects of
      corporate governance, advanced the organic unity and concerted efforts of Party building with
      business operations, and fully played the role of the Party committee in “setting the direction,
      managing the overall situation and promoting the implementation” for major production
      and operational matters; strengthened the construction of “three teams”, optimizing the
      structure of the cadre team to historically high levels and comprehensively enhancing their
      overall quality and capabilities; continuously expanded “Party building+” activities, carried
      out cultural immersion projects, leveraged the organizational role and exemplary leadership of
      Party members to stimulate all employees to create greater value, and achieved “excellence
      in development” guided by the “strength of Party building”.


OUTLOOK AND PROSPECT
Currently, as the once-in-a-century changes accelerate, the new round of technological revolution
and industrial transformation is developing deeply. In the future, although the supply and demand
of aluminum will remain generally balanced, significant fluctuation of the aluminum price will
be witnessed resulting from the aggravation of non-market factors. The Company will further
enhance its sense of vigilance, strengthen systemic thinking, resolutely persist in strategic goals,
comprehensively deepen reforms, and solidly carry out fundamental and long-term work, thereby
continuously enhancing its core functions, improving its core competitiveness, and creating a new
situation of high-quality development with full efforts.


1.    Adherence to strengthening the foundation will be made to
      consolidate the market competitiveness

      The Company will ensure the high-quality completion of annual targets by adhering to
      the normal and ultimate operation and rigidly promoting the benchmarking and quality
      improvement of all elements. The Company will improve the production and operation
      management system, be committed to improving the efficiency of equipment and facilities
      operation, and ensure the maximum play of production capacity with the optimal production
      organization method, so as to promote the increase in production and profits of each business
      unit. The Company will improve and implement the radical operation method system, insist
      on the budget guidance, integration of operations and finance, accurate penetration, steadily
      promote further development in benchmarking of all elements, penetrate and promote the
      “Three Transformations and One Improvement”, as well as enhance cost consumption




                                                                                   2024 INTERIM REPORT   11
          and expense process control, ensuring the successful completion of the three-year cost
          reduction 2.0 work. The Company will reduce electricity prices for electrolytic aluminum by
          means of the continuous implementation of the “one enterprise one policy”, flexibly adopt
          trading strategies, spare no effort to obtain low-priced electricity, and reduce the cost of self-
          generated electricity, assuring the lowest electricity price in the same region.


     2.   Structural adjustment will be accelerated to improve the
          overall development quality of the industry

          Following its insistence on the development of both traditional and emerging industries, the
          Company will place great emphasis on the value of the entire industry chain improvement,
          and enhance current and future competitiveness, realizing a firm grasp of the high-quality
          development’s initiative. The Company will actively acquire bauxite resources in Henan,
          Shanxi, Guizhou and other places, and coal resources in Ningxia, unceasingly implement
          the construction of the Boffa bauxite mining site in Guinea, and increase efforts to acquire
          bauxite resources overseas in Guinea, Indonesia, etc. It will continuously optimize the
          alumina industry’s layout to enhance the transfer of alumina production capacity to coastal
          areas. It will speed up the upgrade and transformation of the electrolytic aluminum industry,
          prepare for the smooth commencement of operation of Huayun Phase III in Inner Mongolia
          and make every effort to put the 600kA electrolytic aluminum project of the Qinghai Branch
          into operation as soon as possible; and accelerate the construction of aluminum alloy slabs
          and recycled aluminum alloy projects so they can be put into operation soon. It will accelerate
          equipment updates to empower the enterprises with high-end, intelligent and green
          developments. The Company will enhance the green competitive advantage of products by
          virtue of continuously improving the effectiveness of green and low-carbon development
          and accelerating the construction of a “new energy + carbon footprint certification” supply
          system; expand the channels for the large-scale utilization of red mud, and continuously
          improve the comprehensive utilization rate of red mud; and harmlessly dispose of “three
          wastes” in electrolysis. The Company will expedite the development of the recycled
          aluminum industry, and improve the consumption and utilization of recycled aluminum. The
          Company will advance its high-quality growth in emerging industries including new energy,
          fine alumina, gallium metal and high-purity aluminum.




12   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
3.   Innovation efforts will be increased to enhance the ability of
     scientific and technological leadership support

     The Company will speed up the cultivation of new productive forces with its adherence to
     placing scientific and technological innovation in a core position, increased efforts in key
     technology research and development, and advances in industrial innovation utilizing scientific
     and technological innovation. The Company will unremittingly establish and collaborate the
     “four platforms” (i.e. independent innovation platform, achievement transformation platform,
     collaborative innovation cooperation platform and application technology cooperation
     platform), and expand research and development resources, bringing about the progress
     of innovation efficiency. The Company will attach great importance to strengthening
     breakthroughs in technologies such as high-purity alumina and aluminum electrolysis in-depth
     energy-saving; bolster the efficient utilization of coal bottom aluminum, and deposit-type
     bauxite, and cultivate new advantages for industrial iteration and upgrade; actively develop
     new products such as high-performance die-cast aluminum alloy; accelerate the construction
     of intelligent factories and mines, and reinforce the Company’s digitization level.


4.   Reforms will be fully deepened to systematically improve the
     Company’s governance capabilities

     The Company will persist in deepening reforms as the fundamental driving force for
     promoting high-quality development, further clarify the path of reform implementation, refine
     reform measures, focus on enhancing core functions and improving core competitiveness
     to accelerate the construction of a world-class aluminum company. The Company will
     solidly push forward the reform deepening and upgrading, strive to achieve systematic
     restructuring of the corporate organizational systems, management structures, and personnel
     allocation optimization to improve management and labor efficiency; continuously optimise
     the operation mechanism of each governance entity, improve the performance assessment
     and incentive and constraint mechanism for full-time directors, deepen the differentiated
     management, and dynamically optimise the granting of powers and negative lists; optimise
     the full-level corporate institutions and systems to promote the evaluation of institutions and
     systems; refine the Company’s bidding management system; complete the special action to
     improve the quality of the listed company, and continuously strengthen the effectiveness of
     corporate governance. It will expedite the construction of a new management responsibility
     system, and scientifically formulate a new round of term contract assessment indicators;
     adhere to revitalizing stock and optimizing increment to systematically strengthen adjustment
     of employment structure.




                                                                                 2024 INTERIM REPORT   13
     5.   Awareness of potential risks will be robustly established to
          effectively prevent and resolve risks and hazards
          The Company will enhance its continuous breakthroughs in key issues and effectively build
          a safety barrier for high-quality development following its insistence on the concept of safe
          development and close attention to the implementation of responsibilities. The Company
          will soundly carry out the three-year action plan for tackling the root causes of production
          safety and ecological environment problems; strictly control the access of contractors, and
          boost contractor management with severer supervision; constantly advance the formulation
          and implementation of standard operating procedures, normalize the investigation and
          rectification of major accident hazards, and unremittingly make progresses in controlling the
          safety process of key construction projects; take pre-emptive measures for flood season
          emergency prevention with high attention to extreme weather changes; promote key regional
          enterprises to improve their environmental performance, thoroughly implement large-scale
          investigations and governance in areas such as exhaust gas, wastewater, solid and hazardous
          waste compliant disposal, and ecological restoration, complete the rectification of issues
          raised by the central ecological environment protection inspection group on schedule, and
          prevent environmental incidents. The Company will vigorously conduct a comprehensive
          risk management system and consolidate forward-looking thinking, overall planning, and
          systematic response to material risks. The Company will deepen the legal construction,
          establish and perfect a system for compliance management at all levels; strengthen
          compliance management for overseas business, and improve the foreign-related legal risk
          management.


     6.   The leadership of the Party will be strengthened to better ensure
          high-quality development
          The Company will adhere to the Party’s leadership, strengthen Party building, and promote
          the deep integration of Party building and business, striving to transform the political
          advantage of “strong Party building” into a winning advantage for high-quality development;
          consciously integrate Party leadership throughout all aspects of enterprise production and
          operation, and reform and development, and effectively play the role of the Party committee
          in “setting the direction, managing the overall situation and promoting the implementation”;
          coordinate various supervision resources, give full play to the role of the “large-scale
          supervision” system, and actively implement the “Clean Governance Action 2.0” to advance
          a mechanism of “not daring to be corrupted, incapable of being corrupted and not thinking
          of being corrupted”; leverage the exemplary role of the “key minority”, inspire cadres and
          employees to maintain an unwavering spirit and a forward-looking attitude, improve the top-
          down implementation system, and ensure the high-quality development of the Company
          under the leadership of high-quality Party building.




14   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
INTERIM RESULTS
The operating revenue of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2024 was RMB110.718
billion, representing a decrease of 17.41% from the same period of the previous year. The net
profit attributable to the owners of the Company was RMB7.016 billion, representing an increase of
105.33% from the same period of the previous year, and the basic earnings per share attributable
to the owners of the Company were RMB0.409.


INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Company considered and approved the Resolution in relation to the Interim Profit Distribution
Proposal for 2024 of the Company at the 25th meeting of the eighth session of the Board held on
28 August 2024, and the Board proposed to pay an interim dividend for 2024 to all shareholders in
cash at the ratio of RMB0.082 (tax inclusive) per share. Based on the current total share capital of
the Company comprising 17,158,381,228 shares, the total amount of the dividend to be paid will be
approximately RMB1.407 billion (tax inclusive), representing approximately 20.05% of the net profit
attributable to the shareholders of the listed company as shown in the consolidated statements of
the Company for the first half of 2024.


The aforesaid profit distribution plan is yet to be submitted to the first extraordinary general
meeting of the Company for 2024 for consideration and approval. If approved, the Company will
issue a separate announcement on the implementation of the dividend distribution and determine
the record date for the dividend distribution. If there is any change in the total share capital of the
Company before the record date for the implementation of the profit distribution, the Company
intends to maintain the distribution amount per share unchanged and adjust the total amount of the
distribution accordingly, and will announce the details of the adjustment separately.


The Company expects to complete the distribution of this interim dividend on or before 31
December 2024.


MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL POSITION AND OPERATION RESULTS
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial data of the Group and the
notes thereto contained in this interim report and other chapters.




                                                                                   2024 INTERIM REPORT    15
     BUSINESS SEGMENTS

     The Group is a leading enterprise in aluminum industry in China, ranking among the top in the global
     aluminum industry in terms of overall strengths. The Group’s alumina, electrolytic aluminum, fine
     alumina, high purity aluminum, aluminum anodes and gallium metal production capacity all rank first
     in the world, and is a large manufacturer and operator with integration of exploration and mining of
     bauxite, coal and other resources; production, sales and technology research of alumina, primary
     aluminum, aluminum alloy and carbon; international trade; logistics business; thermal and new
     energy power generation. The Company’s business segments comprise:


     Alumina segment consists of mining and purchasing bauxite and other raw materials, refining
     bauxite into alumina, and selling alumina both internally to the Group’s electrolytic aluminum
     enterprises and trading enterprises and externally to customers outside the Group. This segment
     also includes the production and sales of refined alumina and gallium metal.


     Primary aluminum segment consists of procuring alumina, raw and auxiliary materials and electricity
     power, smelting alumina to produce primary aluminum, which is sold internally to the Group’s
     trading enterprises and externally to customers outside the Group. This segment also includes the
     production and sales of carbon products, aluminum alloy products and other electrolytic aluminum
     products.


     Marketing segment is mainly engaged in the trading and logistics of alumina, primary aluminum,
     other nonferrous metal products, and crude fuels such as coal products, as well as raw and auxiliary
     materials to internal manufacturing enterprises and external customers.


     Energy segment consists of coal, electricity generation from coal, wind power and photovoltaic
     power, and new energy equipment production, etc. Among its major products, coals are sold to
     internal manufacturing enterprises of the Group and external customers outside the Group; and
     electricity power generated by public power plants, wind power and photovoltaic power stations is
     sold to local grid companies.


     Corporate and other operating segments include corporate and other aluminum-related research
     and development and other activities.




16   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
OPERATING RESULT
The Group achieved net profit attributable to owners of the Company of RMB7,016 million in the
first half of 2024, representing an increase of RMB3,599 million as compared with RMB3,417
million for the same period of last year, mainly due to the year-on-year increase in the market prices
of primary aluminum and alumina.

OPERATING REVENUE
In the first half year of 2024, the Group achieved operating revenue of RMB110,718 million,
representing a decrease of RMB23,345 million as compared with RMB134,063 million for the same
period of last year, which was mainly due to the combined effect of the decrease in operating
revenue as a result of the decrease in the volume of trading business and the increase in operating
revenue as a result of the increase in sales prices of primary aluminum and alumina.

OPERATING COST
In the first half year of 2024, the Group achieved operating cost of RMB92,287 million, representing
a decrease of RMB29,769 million as compared with RMB122,056 million for the same period of last
year, which was mainly due to the year-on-year decrease in the volume of trading business.

EXPENSE DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
Selling and distribution expenses: The Group’s selling and distribution expenses were RMB207
million in the first half year of 2024, which was basically stable as compared with RMB201 million
for the same period of last year.

Administrative expenses: The Group’s administrative expenses were RMB3,297 million in the
first half year of 2024, representing an increase of RMB590 million as compared with RMB2,707
million for the same period of last year, which was mainly due to the increase in employee benefits
expenses, as well as the increase in urban construction tax and education surcharge as a result of
the increase in product profit for the year.

Financial expense: The Group’s net financial expense was RMB1,298 million in the first half year
of 2024, representing a decrease of RMB180 million as compared with RMB1,478 million for the
same period of last year, which was mainly due to the Company’s year-on-year decrease in interest
expense by reducing the scale of interest-bearing debt and optimizing financing costs, as well as
the year-on-year increase in interest income from the purchase of structured deposits.




                                                                                   2024 INTERIM REPORT   17
     R&D EXPENSE

     The Group’s R&D expense in the first half year of 2024 was RMB1,693 million, basically flat as
     compared with RMB1,692 million for the same period of last year.


     OTHER GAINS, NET
     The Group’s other gains in the first half year of 2024 were RMB110 million, representing a decrease
     of RMB156 million as compared with RMB266 million for the same period of last year, which was
     mainly due to the year-on-year decrease in profit of hedging futures.

     NET IMPAIRMENT (LOSSES)/GAINS ON FINANCIAL ASSETS

     The Group’s impairment losses on financial assets in the first half year of 2024 were RMB14
     million, representing a decrease of RMB247 million as compared with the impairment reversal on
     financial assets of RMB233 million for the same period of last year, which was mainly due to a
     higher reversal of impairment of bad debts for the same period of last year.


     OTHER INCOME

     The Group’s other income in the first half year of 2024 was RMB625 million, representing an
     increase of RMB446 million as compared with RMB179 million for the same period of last year,
     which was mainly due to the receipt of subsidies for advanced manufacturing entities for the year,
     which had no such subsidies in the same period of last year.


     INCOME TAX EXPENSE

     The Group’s income tax expense in the first half year of 2024 was RMB1,679 million, representing
     an increase of RMB546 million as compared with RMB1,133 million for the same period of last
     year, which was mainly due to the increase in the taxable profit for the period.




18   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
ALUMINA SEGMENT

Operating Revenue

In the first half year of 2024, the Group’s alumina segment achieved operating revenue of
RMB31,454 million, representing an increase of RMB9,927 million as compared with RMB21,527
million for the same period of last year, which was mainly due to the year-on-year increase in the
sales price of alumina.


Segment Result

In the first half year of 2024, the Group’s alumina segment achieved a total profit of RMB4,271
million, representing an increase of RMB2,949 million as compared with RMB1,322 million for the
same period of last year, which was mainly due to the increase in profit as a result of the increase
in sales price.


PRIMARY ALUMINUM SEGMENT

Operating Revenue

In the first half year of 2024, the Group’s primary aluminum segment achieved operating revenue of
RMB68,206 million, representing an increase of RMB11,613 million as compared with RMB56,593
million for the same period of last year, which was mainly due to the year-on-year increase in the
sales price of electrolytic aluminum products.

Segment Result

In the first half year of 2024, the Group’s primary aluminum segment achieved a total profit of
RMB7,595 million, representing an increase of RMB3,723 million as compared with RMB3,872
million for the same period of last year, which was mainly due to the increase in profit of electrolytic
aluminum products as a result of the increase in sales price and production and sales volume.




                                                                                    2024 INTERIM REPORT    19
     MARKETING SEGMENT
     Operating Revenue

     In the first half year of 2024, the Group’s marketing segment achieved operating revenue of
     RMB93,432 million, representing a decrease of RMB30,873 million as compared with RMB124,305
     million for the same period of last year, which was mainly due to the reduction in the sales of
     products procured from external sources.


     Segment Result

     In the first half year of 2024, the Group’s marketing segment achieved a total profit of RMB1,106
     million, representing an increase of RMB85 million as compared with RMB1,021 million for the
     same period of last year, which was mainly due to year-on-year increase in profitability of the
     logistics business and coal export business for the period.


     ENERGY SEGMENT

     Operating Revenue

     In the first half year of 2024, the Group’s energy segment achieved operating revenue of RMB4,463
     million, representing a decrease of RMB361 million as compared with RMB4,824 million for the
     same period of last year, which was mainly due to the year-on-year decrease in market price of self-
     produced coal.


     Segment Result

     In the first half year of 2024, the Group’s energy segment achieved a total profit of RMB929 million,
     representing a decrease in profit of RMB372 million as compared with RMB1,301 million for the
     same period of last year, which was mainly due to the year-on-year decrease in the profit of self-
     produced coal as a result of the decrease in market price.




20   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
CORPORATE AND OTHER OPERATING SEGMENTS

Operating Revenue

In the first half year of 2024, the Group’s corporate and other operating segments achieved
operating revenue of RMB1,231 million, representing an increase of RMB165 million as compared
with RMB1,066 million for the same period of last year, which was mainly due to the year-on-year
increase in repair service revenue.


Segment Result

In the first half year of 2024, the Group’s corporate and other operating segments recorded a loss
of RMB376 million, representing a decrease in loss of RMB150 million as compared with the loss of
RMB526 million for the same period of last year, which was mainly due to the dual impact of lower
finance costs as a result of the decrease in the scale of financing and the year-on-year increase in
profitability of the futures business.


CURRENT ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s current assets amounted to RMB62,626 million, representing an
increase of RMB4,185 million as compared with RMB58,441 million at the end of last year, which
was mainly due to the increase in inventories as a result of the increase in reserves of the Company
and the increase in price of alumina and primary aluminum, as well as the increase in trade
receivables during the credit period.


As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s current liabilities amounted to RMB54,008 million, representing a
decrease of RMB4,698 million as compared with RMB58,706 million at the end of last year, which
was mainly due to the impact of the repayment of short-term debts.




                                                                                 2024 INTERIM REPORT   21
     NON-CURRENT ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

     As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s non-current assets amounted to RMB154,466 million, representing
     an increase of RMB1,151 million as compared with RMB153,315 million at the end of last year,
     which was mainly due to the impact of increased investment in key projects.


     As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s non-current liabilities amounted to RMB54,469 million,
     representing an increase of RMB308 million as compared with RMB54,161 million at the end of last
     year, which was mainly due to the impact of additional provision for employee benefits expenses
     for the period.


     As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s gearing ratio was 49.97% (This ratio was derived by total liabilities
     over total assets of the Group as at 30 June 2024), representing a decrease of 3.33 percentage
     points from 53.30% at the end of 2023, which was mainly due to the impact of the Company’s
     utilisation of cash generated from its operations to further repay interest-bearing debts.


     C A P I T A L E X P E N D I T U R E S, C A P I T A L C O M M I T M E N T S A N D
     INVESTMENT UNDERTAKINGS

     In the first half of 2024, the Group made project investment capital expenditure (excluding
     equity investment) of RMB4,209 million, which mainly consisted of investments in energy-saving
     upgrading and reconstruction, resources acquisition and technological research and development.


     As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s contracted but not provided capital commitment to fixed assets
     investment amounted to RMB4,355 million.


     As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s investment undertakings amounted to RMB1,617 million,
     comprised of RMB883 million to China Aluminum Suihe Nonferrous Metals Green Low-carbon
     Innovation and Development Fund (Beijing) Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (中鋁穗禾有色金屬
     綠色低碳創新發展基金（北京）合夥企業（有限合夥）), RMB320 million to Chinalco Research Institute
     of Science and Technology Co., Ltd.* (中鋁科學技術研究院有限公司), RMB400 million to Chinalco
     Overseas Development Co., Ltd.* (中鋁海外發展有限公司), RMB8 million to Loudi Zhongyu New
     Materials Co., Ltd.* (婁底中禹新材料有限公司), and RMB6 million to Chinalco Tendering Company
     Limited* (中鋁招標有限公司), respectively. Such investments will be funded by the capitals already
     held by the Group, internal cash flows generated from operating activities, and bank borrowings.




22   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents amounted to RMB24,463 million.


CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
In the first half year of 2024, cash flow from operating activities was a net inflow of RMB13,485
million, representing an increase of RMB3,243 million in inflow compared with the net inflow of
RMB10,242 million for the same period of last year, which was mainly due to the year-on-year
increase in operating profit.


CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES

In the first half year of 2024, cash flow from investing activities of the Company was a net inflow of
RMB1,587 million, representing an increase of RMB7,204 million in inflow compared with the net
outflow of RMB5,617 million for the same period of last year, which was mainly due to the year-on-
year increase in recovery of mature wealth management products.


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

In the first half year of 2024, cash flow from financing activities was a net outflow of RMB9,063
million, representing a decrease of RMB1,589 million in outflow compared with the net outflow
of RMB10,652 million for the same period of last year, which was mainly due to the year-on-year
decrease in the net repayment of debts for the period.


OVERALL ANALYSIS OF EXTERNAL EQUITY INVESTMENTS

As of 30 June 2024, the Group’s long-term equity investments amounted to RMB10,772 million,
representing an increase of RMB732 million from RMB10,040 million as at the end of last year,
which was mainly due to the additional investment in investee companies.




                                                                                   2024 INTERIM REPORT   23
     EXCHANGE RATE FLUCTUATION RISK AND HEDGING
     In order to reasonably avoid the exchange rate risk exposure of the Company’s subsidiaries in import
     and export business, and reduce the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on the profits of enterprises,
     the Company considered and approved the Resolution in relation to the 2024 Monetary Futures and
     Derivatives Business Annual Plan of the Company at the 19th meeting of the eighth session of the
     Board held on 26 January 2024, agreeing to implement the monetary futures and derivatives business
     by Chalco International Trading Group Co., Ltd. (“Chalco International Trading Group”) (a wholly-
     owed subsidiary of the Company) and its subsidiaries in 2024. The quota shall not exceed USD1,200
     million, and the transaction types shall mainly include forward purchase and sale of US dollars. In
     the first half of 2024, Chalco International Trading Group and its subsidiaries did not engage in the
     aforementioned currency-based futures and derivatives business transactions.


     INVESTMENT OF THE COMPANY

     USE OF PROCEEDS
     During the reporting period, the Company had no fund-raising activities.


     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS
     The Inner Mongolia Huayun’s Phase III project for 420,000 tons of light alloy materials has a
     total estimated investment of RMB3,026 million. By the end of June 2024, a total investment of
     approximately RMB2,989 million had been allocated for the project. The project is estimated to be
     completely completed for operation during 2024.

     The Qinghai Branch’s project for the replacement and upgrading of 500,000 tons of 600kA
     electrolytic cell capacity has a total estimated investment of RMB3,982 million. By the end of June
     2024, a total investment of approximately RMB1,087 million had been allocated for the project.
     Currently, the project is being advanced in an orderly manner as planned.

     The Baotou Aluminum 1200 MW new energy project in Darhan-Muminggan Joint County has a
     total estimated investment of RMB6,024 million. By the end of June 2024, a total investment of
     approximately RMB901 million had been allocated for the project. Currently, the project is being
     advanced in an orderly manner as planned.

     The 2 million-tons alumina project of Guangxi Huasheng Phase II has a total estimated investment
     of RMB4,300 million. By the end of June 2024, a total investment of approximately RMB2,237
     million had been allocated for the project. The project is estimated to be completed for operation by
     April 2025.

     Such investments will be funded by the capitals already held by the Group, internal cash flows
     generated from operating activities, and bank borrowings.


24   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
As of the date of this report, the changes of directors, supervisors and senior management of the
Company are as follows:


CHANGES OF POSITIONS IN THE COMPANY

Mr. Dong Jianxiong submitted a written resignation to the Board on 3 June 2024 to resign as
the chairman and the executive director of the Company and from all the positions in each of the
special committees under the Board due to work needs, effective from the date of the election of
new executive director at the general meeting of the Company. In view of the resignation of Mr.
Dong Jianxiong, the 22nd meeting of the eighth session of the Board was convened on 3 June
2024, at which it was resolved to nominate Mr. Shi Zhirong as a candidate for executive director of
the eighth session of the Board. On 25 June 2024, the annual general meeting of the Company for
2023 was held, at which Mr. Shi Zhirong was elected as an executive director of the eighth session
of the Board, and the resignation of Mr. Dong Jianxiong became effective immediately. On the
same date, the Company held the 23rd meeting of the eighth session of the Board, at which the
election of Mr. Shi Zhirong as the chairman of the eighth session of the Board was approved.


Mr. Ye Guohua submitted a written resignation to the Supervisory Committee of the Company
on 25 July 2024 to resign as the chairman of the Supervisory Committee and a shareholder
representative supervisor of the Company due to work re-arrangement, with immediate effect. On
28 August 2024, Ms. Lin Ni was elected as the chairwoman of the eighth session of the Supervisory
Committee of the Company as elected and approved at the 13th meeting of the eighth session of
the Supervisory Committee of the Company.


Ms. Shan Shulan submitted a written resignation to the Supervisory Committee of the Company
on 6 February 2024 to resign as a shareholder representative supervisor of the Company due to
work re-arrangement, with immediate effect. In view of the resignation of Ms. Shan Shulan, as
recommended by Aluminum Corporation of China (“Chinalco”), the controlling shareholder of
the Company, and as considered and approved at the 11th meeting of the eighth session of the
Supervisory Committee of the Company held on 3 June 2024, it was resolved to nominate Mr.
Zhang Wenjun as a candidate for shareholder representative supervisor of the eighth session of
the Supervisory Committee of the Company. On 25 June 2024, the annual general meeting of
the Company for 2023 was held, at which the election of Mr. Zhang Wenjun as a shareholder
representative supervisor of the eighth session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company was
approved.




                                                                                2024 INTERIM REPORT   25
     In view of the fact that there is still one vacancy for shareholder representative supervisor of the
     Company, as recommended by Chinalco, the controlling shareholder of the Company, and considered
     and approved at the 13th meeting of the eighth session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company
     held on 28 August 2024, it has been agreed to nominate Mr. Ding Chao as a candidate for shareholder
     representative supervisor of the eighth session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company. The
     aforesaid candidate for supervisor is subject to the consideration and approval at the first extraordinary
     general meeting of the Company in 2024.

     Due to work requirement, as considered and approved at the 25th meeting of the eighth session
     of the Board of the Company held on 28 August 2024, Mr. Lu Dong was appointed as the deputy
     general manager of the Company with immediate effect.

     For details of the above changes, please refer to the relevant announcements of the Company
     dated 6 February 2024, 3 June 2024, 25 June 2024, 25 July 2024 and 28 August 2024, respectively.

     CHANGES OF POSITIONS IN OTHER ENTITIES
     Ms. Lin Ni, the chairwoman of the Supervisory Committee of the Company, has ceased to serve as
     a supervisor of Chinalco Assets Operation and Management Co., Ltd.*(中鋁資產經營管理有限公司)
     since 24 July 2024.

     Mr. Liang Minghong, the general legal counsel and chief compliance officer of the Company,
     assumed the position as a supervisor of Zunyi Aluminum Co., Ltd.*(遵義鋁業股份有限公司), a
     subsidiary of the Company, effective from 7 June 2024.

     As at the date of this interim report, the directors of the eighth session of the Board, the supervisors of the
     eighth session of the Supervisory Committee and other senior management of the Company are as follows:


     DIRECTORS
     Executive Directors

     Mr. Dong Jianxiong (Chairman, appointed on 19 September 2023 and resigned on 25 June 2024)
     Mr. Shi Zhirong (Chairman, appointed on 25 June 2024)
     Mr. Zhu Runzhou (Re-appointed on 21 June 2022)
     Mr. Ou Xiaowu (Re-appointed on 21 June 2022)
     Mr. Jiang Tao (Re-appointed on 21 June 2022)

     Non-executive Directors

     Mr. Zhang Jilong (Re-appointed on 21 June 2022)
     Mr. Chen Pengjun (Appointed on 21 June 2022)

     Independent Non-executive Directors

     Mr. Qiu Guanzhou (Re-appointed on 21 June 2022)
     Mr. Yu Jinsong (Re-appointed on 21 June 2022)
     Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly (Re-appointed on 21 June 2022)



26   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
SUPERVISORS

Shareholder Representative Supervisors

Mr. Ye Guohua (Chairman of the Supervisory Committee, re-appointed on 21 June 2022 and
resigned on 25 July 2024)
Ms. Lin Ni (Re-appointed as a supervisor of the Company on 21 June 2022 and appointed as the
chairwoman of the Supervisory Committee of the Company on 28 August 2024)
Ms. Shan Shulan (Re-appointed on 21 June 2022 and resigned on 6 February 2024)
Mr. Zhang Wenjun (Appointed on 25 June 2024)


Employee Representative Supervisors

Ms. Xu Shuxiang (Re-appointed on 21 June 2022)
Ms. Wang Jinlin (Appointed on 10 August 2023)


Other Senior Management

Mr. Ge Xiaolei (Chief Financial Officer and Secretary to the Board, appointed on 22 March 2022;
Joint Company Secretary, appointed on 24 July 2022)
Mr. Xu Feng (Deputy General Manager, appointed on 21 March 2023)
Mr. Lu Dong (Deputy General Manager, appointed on 28 August 2024)
Mr. Liang Minghong (General Legal Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer, appointed on 22 August
2023)


EMPLOYEES AND PENSION PLANS
As of 30 June 2024, the Group had 64,067 employees. During the first half of 2024, the
remuneration the Group paid to its employees amounted to approximately RMB5,400 million in
total. The remuneration package of the employees includes salaries, bonuses, allowances, subsidies
and welfare benefits including medical care, housing subsidies, childbirth, unemployment, work-
related injury, pension and other miscellaneous items.


In accordance with the applicable regulations of the PRC, the Company has participated in
various pension plans organized by relevant provincial and municipal governments, under which
the Company and its subsidiaries are required to contribute an amount equivalent to a specified
percentage of the sum of its employees’ salaries, bonuses and various allowances to the pension
fund. The percentage of such contributions in the employee payroll is around 16%. In addition,
the Company has also set up enterprise annuity plans for 91 qualified enterprises, and provided
supplementary medical insurance and group accident insurance for their employees.


                                                                               2024 INTERIM REPORT   27
     The Company always upholds the philosophy of “people-oriented” and highly values employee
     development. The Company provides employees with clear career development paths and diverse
     training course and is committed to creating fair competition environment and opportunities for
     promotion, aiming to help them achieve their professional value. The Company has earnestly
     built a three-in-one training model encompassing “party ethics cultivation, management know-
     how, and practical skills improvement” and has been firmly promoting the education and training
     of employees through a combination of online and offline training methods, to promote the multi-
     faceted growth and development of the employees, and further improve their overall quality,
     professionalism and business skills. In 2024, targeting at improving the management ability and
     business level of its cadres, scientific and technological talent team, and skilled talent team in an all-
     round manner, the Company studied and formulated 22 key annual training plans, covering various
     fields such as Party building, production, marketing, finance, science and technology, investment,
     digitisation, carbon neutrality, new energy, new materials, safety and environmental protection,
     legal compliance, auditing and supervision, as well as enhancement of cadres’ leadership ability.


     In order to realise medium-and long-term incentives, build a community of shared interests among
     shareholders, the Company and employees, fully mobilize the enthusiasm of core employees,
     support the Company’s strategy and long-term steady development, the Company adopted the
     Restricted Share Incentive Scheme in 2022, approximately 139 million Restricted Shares were
     granted to a total of 1,206 persons, including directors, senior management, middle management
     and technical and business backbones of the Company, and corresponding administrative measures
     for implementation and appraisal were formulated to link the performance of the Company and
     personal appraisal with fulfillment of incentives, which further mobilized the work enthusiasm of
     the management and business backbones, and promoted the long-term sustainable development of
     the Company.




28   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
STRUCTURE AND CHANGE OF SHARE CAPITAL AND
PARTICULARS OF SHAREHOLDERS

SHARE CAPITAL STRUCTURE

Chinalco is the single largest shareholder of the Company, which directly held 5,139,204,916 A
shares of the Company as of 30 June 2024, representing approximately 29.95% of total issued
share capital of the Company, and together with its subsidiaries held an aggregate of 5,384,722,965
A shares and 178,590,000 H shares of the Company, representing approximately 32.42% of total
issued share capital of the Company.


Based on its confidence in the future development prospects of the Company and recognition of
the Company’s long-term investment value, Chinalco increased its shareholding of the Company’s A
shares by a total of 88,827,946 shares during the period from 20 October 2023 to 26 January 2024,
with a cumulative amount of such increase in shareholding of approximately RMB499.8 million.


As of 30 June 2024, the share capital structure of the Company was as follows:


                                                                     As of 30 June 2024
                                                                                   Percentage of
                                                                   Number of        issued share
                                                                  shares held             capital
                                                                       (share)                 (%)


A shares                                                       13,214,415,260                77.01
Including: Tradable shares not subject to trading moratorium   13,123,099,741                76.48
           Shares subject to trading moratorium                    91,315,519                 0.53
H shares                                                        3,943,965,968                22.99


Total                                                          17,158,381,228              100.00


According to the publicly available information and to the best knowledge of the Company’s
directors, as of 30 June 2024, the share capital structure of the Company can maintain a sufficient
public float and is in compliance with the requirement of the Rules Governing the Listing of
Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong Listing Rules”).




                                                                                 2024 INTERIM REPORT   29
     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS WITH SHAREHOLDING OF
     5% OR MORE
     So far as the directors of the Company are aware, as of 30 June 2024, the following persons (other
     than the directors, supervisors and president (chief executive) of the Company) had interests or
     short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed
     under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance of
     Hong Kong or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to
     Section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance of Hong Kong, or as otherwise notified to the
     Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


                                                                                            Percentage in       Percentage
     Name of                                                                                   the relevant         in total
     substantial              Class of       Number of                                      class of issued   issued share
     shareholder              shares        shares held     Capacity                          share capital          capital


     Chinalco(Note 1)         A shares   5,384,722,965(L)   Beneficial owner/Interests of        40.75%(L)       31.38%(L)
                                                              controlled corporations
                              H shares    178,590,000(L)    Interests of controlled               4.53%(L)         1.04%(L)
                                                              corporations


     E Fund Management        H shares    240,284,427(L)    Investment manager                    6.09%(L)         1.40%(L)
       Co., Ltd.

     Citigroup Inc.(Note 2)   H shares    197,588,595(L)    Interests of controlled               5.00%(L)         1.15%(L)
                                                              corporations/Approved
                                                              lending agent
                                             7,107,993(S)   Interests of controlled               0.18%(S)        0.04%(S)
                                                              corporations
                                          187,468,962(P)    Approved lending agent                4.75%(P)        1.09%(P)


     (L)      The letter “L” denotes a long position. (S) The letter “S” denotes a short position. (P) The
              letter “P” denotes a lending pool.


     The information of H shareholders is based on the disclosure of interests system of the Hong Kong
     Stock Exchange.




30   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
Note 1:     These interests included 5,139,204,916 A shares directly held by Chinalco, and an aggregate interest of
            245,518,049 A shares and 178,590,000 H shares held by various controlled subsidiaries of Chinalco, comprising
            238,377,795 A shares held by Baotou Aluminum (Group) Co., Ltd.* (包頭鋁業（集團）有限責任公司) (“Baotou
            Aluminum Group”), 7,140,254 A shares held by Chinalco Asset Operation and Management Co., Ltd.* (中鋁
            資產經營管理有限公司) (“Chinalco Asset”) and 178,590,000 H shares held by Aluminum Corporation of China
            Overseas Holdings Limited* (中鋁海外控股有限公司) (“Chinalco Overseas Holdings”).

Note 2:     These interests were held directly by various corporations controlled by Citigroup, Inc. Among the interests in the
            long position in H shares, 6,480,000 shares were held as cash settled unlisted derivatives. Among the interests in
            the short position in H shares, 3,287,065 shares were held as cash settled unlisted derivatives.


Save as disclosed above and so far as the directors of the Company are aware, as of 30 June
2024, no other person (other than the directors, supervisors and president (chief executive) of the
Company) had any interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company
(as the case may be) which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
Ordinance of Hong Kong and as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 336 of
the Securities and Futures Ordinance of Hong Kong, or was otherwise a substantial shareholder of
the Company.


CHANGES IN SHARES AND APPROVAL

1.        Repurchase and Cancellation of Partial Restricted Shares

          On 24 October and 25 October 2023, the eighth meeting of the eighth session of the
          Supervisory Committee and the sixteenth meeting of the eighth session of the Board of the
          Company were held, respectively, at which the Resolutions including the Repurchase and
          Cancellation of Partial Restricted Shares Granted but Not Yet Unlocked to Participants under
          the 2021 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of the Company were considered and passed,
          and approving the Company to repurchase and cancel all or part of the 3,210,323 Restricted
          Shares of 43 Participants that have been granted but not yet unlocked. On 29 January 2024,
          the Company received the Securities Transfer Registration Certificate issued by CSDC
          Shanghai Branch, which completed the repurchase and cancellation procedures for the
          aforesaid Restricted Shares on 26 January 2024. The total share capital of the Company was
          changed from 17,161,591,551 shares to 17,158,381,228 shares.


          Please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 25 October 2023 and 23 January 2024
          for details of the above matter.




                                                                                                       2024 INTERIM REPORT        31
          On 30 July 2024, the 24th meeting of the eighth session of the Board and the 12th meeting
          of the eighth session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company were held, respectively,
          at which the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of Partial Restricted Shares Granted
          but Not Yet Unlocked to Participants and Adjustment to the Repurchase Price was considered
          and passed, and approving the Company to repurchase and cancel all or part of the 1,882,319
          Restricted Shares of 41 Participants that have been granted but not yet unlocked. After the
          completion of the repurchase and cancellation, the total share capital of the Company will
          be changed from the current 17,158,381,228 shares to 17,156,498,909 shares. As of the
          disclosure date of this interim report, the aforesaid repurchase and cancellation of Restricted
          Shares has not been completed.


          Please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 30 July 2024 for details of the above
          matter.


     2.   Unlocking of Partial Restricted Shares

          On 3 June 2024, the 22nd meeting of the eighth session of the Board and the 11th meeting
          of the eighth session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company were held, respectively,
          at which the Resolution on the Satisfaction of the Unlocking Conditions for the First
          Unlocking Period under the First Grant of the 2021 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of the
          Company was considered and passed, and approving the Company to deal with the unlocking
          procedures for the 44,392,758 Restricted Shares which satisfy the Unlocking Conditions for
          the first Unlocking Period under the First Grant. Subsequently, with the approval of CSDC
          Shanghai Branch and SSE, the aforesaid Restricted Shares which satisfy the Unlocking
          Conditions were formally unlocked and tradable on 20 June 2024.


          The unlocking of Restricted Shares will only result in a corresponding increase and decrease
          in the number of tradable shares not subject to trading moratorium and shares subject to
          trading moratorium, and there will be no change in the total share capital of the Company.


          Please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 3 June 2024 and 14 June 2024 for
          details of the above matter.




32   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
TOTAL NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS AT THE END OF THE
REPORTING PERIOD
As of 30 June 2024, the Company had 342,275 holders of A shares and H shares in total.


SHAREHOLDINGS OF TOP TEN SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                           Unit: share

                                        Number of shares                                  Changes in
                                          held at the end                               shares during
Name of shareholders                                of the   Class of   Percentage of   the reporting
(in full name)                           reporting period    shares      shareholding          period
                                                                                  (%)


Aluminum Corporation of China Note 1        5,139,204,916    A shares           29.95      21,709,555
Hong Kong Securities Clearing               3,935,130,749    H shares           22.93         395,890
  Company Limited (H shares) Note 2
Hong Kong Securities Clearing                 694,746,883    A shares            4.05    250,333,110
  Company Limited (A shares)
China Securities Finance Corporation          448,284,993    A shares            2.61               –
  Limited
China Life Insurance Company Limited          375,040,173    A shares            2.19    -171,583,812
  (中國人壽保險股份有限公司)
CITIC Securities – Huarong Ruitong            331,751,150    A shares            1.93    -115,345,650
  Equity Investment Management Co.,
  Ltd. – CITIC Securities – Changfeng
  Single Asset Management Plan* (中
  信證券－華融瑞通股權投資管理有限
  公司－中信證券－長風單一資產管理
  計劃)
Baotou Aluminum (Group) Co., Ltd.             238,377,795    A shares            1.39               –
National Social Security 118* (全國社            111,307,700    A shares            0.65      -6,504,800
  保一一八組合)




                                                                                   2024 INTERIM REPORT   33
                                                     Number of shares                                               Changes in
                                                       held at the end                                            shares during
     Name of shareholders                                        of the        Class of       Percentage of       the reporting
     (in full name)                                   reporting period         shares          shareholding              period
                                                                                                        (%)


     China Foreign Economy and Trade                        107,000,000        A shares                  0.62        -48,801,503
       Trust Co., Ltd. – Foreign Trade Trust
       – Gaoyi Xiaofeng Hongyuan Pooled
       Fund Trust Scheme* (中國對外經濟
       貿易信託有限公司－外貿信託－高毅
       曉峰鴻遠集合資金信託計劃)
     Shanghai Gaoyi Asset Management                         95,520,000        A shares                  0.56        -52,212,000
       Partnership (Limited Partnership) –
       Gaoyi Xiaofeng No. 2 Zhixin Fund*
       (上海高毅資產管理合夥企業(有限合
       夥)－高毅曉峰2號致信基金)

     Notes:

     1.       The number of shares held by Chinalco does not include the A shares of the Company indirectly held by it through
              its subsidiaries Baotou Aluminum Group and Chinalco Asset and the H shares of the Company indirectly held by it
              through its subsidiary Chinalco Overseas Holdings. As of 30 June 2024, Chinalco, together with its subsidiaries, holds
              5,563,312,965 shares of the Company, including 5,384,722,965 A shares and 178,590,000 H shares, accounting for
              approximately 32.42% of the total issued share capital of the Company.

     2.       3,935,130,749 H shares of the Company held by Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited include
              178,590,000 H shares it holds on behalf of Chinalco Overseas Holdings, a subsidiary of Chinalco.



     INTERESTS IN SHARES HELD BY DIRECTORS,
     SUPERVISORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE
     As of 30 June 2024, the interests held by the directors, supervisors and general manager (chief
     executive) of the Company were as follows:


     1.       Mr. Zhu Runzhou, an executive director and general manager of the Company, directly held
              270,000 A shares of the Company.


     2.       Mr. Ou Xiaowu, an executive director and secretary of the Discipline Inspection Committee of
              the Company, directly held 250,000 A shares of the Company.




34   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
3.    Mr. Jiang Tao, an executive director and deputy general manager of the Company, directly
      held 230,000 A shares of the Company; his spouse, Ms. Shi Biqiong, directly held 4,000 A
      shares of the Company. Pursuant to the Securities and Futures Ordinance of Hong Kong, Mr.
      Jiang Tao is deemed to be interested in the 4,000 A shares of the Company held by Ms. Shi
      Biqiong.


4.    Ms. Xu Shuxiang, a supervisor of the Company, directly holds 4,400 A shares of the Company.


                                                                                  Percentage in    Percentage in
                                                                                    total issued     total issued
                    Position in                    Nature of   A Shares held         A shares of        shares of
      Name          the Company                    interests in the Company       the Company      the Company


      Zhu Runzhou Executive Director, General      Beneficial    270,000 shares        0.0020%          0.0016%
                    Manager                          owner
      Ou Xiaowu   Executive Director, Secretary    Beneficial    250,000 shares        0.0019%          0.0015%
                    of the Discipline Inspection     owner
                    Committee
      Jiang Tao   Executive Director, Deputy       Beneficial    230,000 shares        0.0017%          0.0013%
                    General Manager                  owner
                                                   Spouse’s        4,000 shares       0.00003%         0.00002%
                                                     interests
      Xu Shuxiang   Supervisor                     Beneficial      4,400 shares       0.00003%         0.00002%
                                                     owner


      Total         /                              /             758,400 shares        0.0057%          0.0044%


The above interests beneficially owned by Mr. Zhu Runzhou, Mr. Ou Xiaowu and Mr. Jiang Tao are
all interests granted to them under the 2021 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of the Company.
The interests beneficially owned by Ms. Xu Shuxiang were purchased and acquired by her in the
secondary market.


Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2024, none of the directors, supervisors or their respective
associates had any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the
Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance
of Hong Kong), which were (a) required to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance of Hong
Kong; or (b) required to be recorded in the register kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of
the Securities and Futures Ordinance of Hong Kong; or (c) required to be notified to the Company
and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by
Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”).

                                                                                              2024 INTERIM REPORT   35
     Save as disclosed above, Mr. Ge Xiaolei, the chief financial officer and secretary to the Board
     (joint company secretary) of the Company, was granted 230,000 A shares of the Company under
     the 2021 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of the Company; Mr. Xu Feng, the deputy general
     manager of the Company, was granted 230,000 A shares of the Company under the 2021
     Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of the Company; Mr. Lu Dong, the deputy general manager
     of the Company, was granted 199,500 A shares of the Company under the 2021 Restricted Share
     Incentive Scheme of the Company; Mr. Liang Minghong, the general legal counsel and chief
     compliance officer of the Company, was granted 170,200 A shares of the Company under the 2021
     Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of the Company. Otherwise, as of 30 June 2024, none of the
     directors, supervisors, general manager (chief executive) and other senior management of the
     Company or their spouses and children under the age of 18 was granted the right to acquire any
     shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within
     the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance of Hong Kong).


     REPURCHASE, SALE AND REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S
     SHARES
     In accordance with the authorization granted during the 2022 first extraordinary general meeting,
     2022 first class meeting for A shareholders and 2022 first class meeting for H shareholders held
     on 26 April 2022, the eighth meeting of the eighth session of the Supervisory Committee and the
     sixteenth meeting of the eighth session of the Board of the Company were held on 24 October
     and 25 October 2023, respectively, at which the Resolution on Adjustment to the Repurchase
     Price of Restricted Shares under the Company’s 2021 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme, and the
     Resolution on the Repurchase and Cancellation of Partial Restricted Shares Granted but Not Yet
     Unlocked to Participants were considered and passed, and approving the Company to repurchase
     and cancel all or part of the 3,210,323 Restricted Shares of 43 Participants that have been granted
     but not yet unlocked at the adjusted repurchase price of RMB3.01 per share (First Grant) and
     RMB2.17 per share (Reserved Grant). As at the end of 2023, the Company had paid the amount for
     repurchase of the Restricted Shares of RMB9,552,922.17 to all the 43 Participants. The cancellation
     procedure for the aforesaid repurchased and cancelled Restricted Shares was completed on 26
     January 2024 through the CSDC Shanghai Branch.

     Apart from the repurchase and cancellation completed above, the 24th meeting of the eighth
     session of the Board and the twelfth meeting of the eighth session of the Supervisory Committee of
     the Company were held on 30 July 2024, at which the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation
     of Partial Restricted Shares Granted but Not Yet Unlocked to Participants and Adjustment to the
     Repurchase Price was considered and approved, and approving the Company to repurchase and
     cancel all or part of the 1,882,319 Restricted Shares of 41 Participants that have been granted but
     not yet unlocked at the adjusted repurchase price of RMB2.93 per share (First Grant) and RMB2.09
     per share (Reserved Grant). As of the disclosure date of this report, the Company has not yet paid
     the amount for repurchase of the Restricted Shares to the aforesaid Participants and has not yet
     completed the relevant procedures for cancellation through the CSDC Shanghai Branch.



36   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
Save as aforesaid, the Company did not have any other repurchases, sales or redemptions of its
listed securities (including any treasury shares) during the reporting period. During the six months
ended 30 June 2024, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.


CHARGE AND PLEDGES ON GROUP ASSETS
As of 30 June 2024, the Group’s assets charged and pledged for bank borrowings included property,
plant and equipment, land use right, intangible assets and investment in associates, accounts
receivable and notes receivable. The aggregate amount of the charged assets was RMB6,160.64
million. In the meantime, the Group also obtained certain bank borrowings by pledging its
contractual rights to charge users for electricity generated, etc.. For details, please refer to Note 11
to the financial statements.


GUARANTEES
As of 30 June 2024, the Company had no external guarantees (excluding guarantees provided to
subsidiaries), and the balance of guarantees provided to subsidiaries amounted to approximately
RMB11,232 million, details of which are as follows:


1.    As of 30 June 2024, the balance of the guarantee mutually provided between Chalco Ningxia
      Energy Group Co., Ltd., a controlled subsidiary of the Company, and its subsidiaries amounted
      to RMB300 million.


2.    In July 2021, the Company provided guarantee for three-year senior bonds of USD500 million
      and five-year senior bonds of USD500 million issued by Chalco Hong Kong Investment
      Company Limited (“Chalco Hong Kong Investment”), respectively. As of 30 June 2024,
      the balance of the guarantee provided by the Company to Chalco Hong Kong Investment
      amounted to USD1,000 million (equivalent to approximately RMB7,127 million).


3.    In March 2017, Baotou Aluminum Co., Ltd. (“Baotou Aluminum”) entered into a maximum
      financial guarantee agreement (《最高額保證合同》) with Baotou Branch of Shanghai Pudong
      Development Bank, pursuant to which Baotou Aluminum would provide guarantee in respect
      of financing up to RMB2,000 million in total for its controlled subsidiary, Inner Mongolia
      Huayun. The guarantee period was two years from the date of expiry of the term for
      repayment of each loan under the principal contract. As of 30 June 2024, the balance of the
      guarantee provided by Baotou Aluminum to Inner Mongolia Huayun amounted to RMB150
      million.




                                                                                    2024 INTERIM REPORT    37
     4.   In September 2020, the Company provided guarantee for the bank loans of Boffa Port
          Investment Co., Ltd.* (博法港口投資有限公司) (“Boffa Port”), a subsidiary of the Company.
          As of 30 June 2024, the balance of the guarantee provided by the Company to Boffa Port
          amounted to RMB111 million.

     5.   In December 2021, China Aluminum Logistics Group Corporation Co., Ltd.* (“Chalco
          Logistics”) entered into a guarantee contract with Shanghai Futures Exchange, pursuant to
          which Chalco Logistics would provide guarantee for its controlled subsidiary Chalco Logistics
          Group Central International Port Co., Ltd.* (中鋁物流集團中部國際陸港有限公司) (“Central
          Port”) by its net assets. As of 30 June 2024, the balance of the guarantee provided by Chalco
          Logistics to Central Port amounted to RMB1,100 million.

     6.   In April 2023, Chalco International Trading Group entered into a guarantee contract with the
          Dalian Commodity Exchange and the Zhengzhou Commodity Exchange, pursuant to which
          Chalco International Trading Group would provide guarantee with its net assets in favour of its
          controlled subsidiary, Chalco Inner Mongolian International Trading Co., Ltd.* (中鋁內蒙古國
          貿有限公司) (“Inner Mongolian International Trading”). As of 30 June 2024, the balance of
          the guarantee provided by Chalco International Trading Group to Inner Mongolian International
          Trading amounted to RMB1,149 million.

     7.   In June 2023, Chinalco Logistics Group Southeast Asia Land Port Co., Ltd.* (中鋁物流集團東
          南亞國際陸港有限公司) (“Southeast Asia Land Port”) and China Aluminum Logistics Group
          Corporation (Gansu) Co., Ltd.* (中鋁物流集團甘肅有限公司) (“Gansu Logistics”) entered into
          a guarantee contract with the Shanghai Futures Exchange, pursuant to which Southeast Asia
          Land Port and Gansu Logistics would provide guarantee to their parent company, Chalco
          Logistics, with their net assets. As of 30 June 2024, the balance of the guarantee provided
          by Southeast Asia Land Port and Gansu Logistics to Chalco Logistics amounted to RMB582
          million.

     8.   In June 2023, the Company entered into a guarantee letter with the Shanghai Futures
          Exchange, pursuant to which the Company would provide guarantee in respect of the
          application for alumina futures warehouse for its subsidiaries, Chalco Shandong Co., Ltd.*
          (中鋁山東有限公司) (“Chalco Shandong”) and Zhongzhou Aluminum. As at 30 June 2024,
          the balance of guarantees provided by the Company to Chalco Shandong and Zhongzhou
          Aluminum amounted to RMB190 million and RMB303 million, respectively.

     9.   In May 2023, Yunnan Aluminum Co., Ltd. (“Yunnan Aluminum”) entered into a guarantee
          contract with the Guangzhou Futures Exchange, pursuant to which Yunnan Aluminum would
          provide guarantee in respect of the designated industrial silicon transaction warehouse
          business for Yunnan Yunlv Logistics Investment Co., Ltd.* (雲南雲鋁物流投資有限公司)
          (“Yunlv Logistics”). As at 30 June 2024, the balance of guarantees provided by Yunnan
          Aluminum for Yunlv Logistics amounted to RMB220 million.



38   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Articles of Association, the Rules of Procedures for the General Meeting of Aluminum
Corporation of China Limited (the “Rules of Procedures for the General Meeting”), the Rules
of Procedures for the Board Meetings of Aluminum Corporation of China Limited (the “Rules
of Procedures for the Board Meetings”), the Rules of Procedures for the Meetings of the
Supervisory Committee of Aluminum Corporation of China Limited (the “Rules of Procedures
for the Meetings of the Supervisory Committee”), the Detailed Implementation Rules for the
Special Committees under the Board of Aluminum Corporation of China Limited, the Detailed
Implementation Rules for Independent Directors, the Code of Conduct for Securities Dealings
by Directors, Supervisors and Specific Employees and other relevant systems constitute the
corporate governance documents of the Company. After reviewed such corporate governance
documents, the Board of the Company believed that the Company had fully complied with the
Corporate Governance Practices as set out in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules and the
requirements under the Guidelines of the Shanghai Stock Exchange for Internal Control of Listed
Companies during the reporting period.


CODE OF CONDUCT FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
BY THE DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND RELEVANT
EMPLOYEES
The Board of the Company has formulated written guidelines on securities transactions by the
directors, supervisors and relevant employees of the Company, the terms of which are more
stringent than the required standards set out in the Model Code under Appendix C3 to the Hong
Kong Listing Rules and the Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
After a specific enquiry made by the Company, all directors, supervisors and relevant employees
have confirmed their compliance with the required standards set out in the written guidelines.


T H E B O A R D A N D I T S C O M M I T T E E S, S U P E R V I S O R Y
COMMITTEE AND GENERAL MEETING

THE BOARD

During the reporting period, the eighth session of the Board of the Company comprised four
executive directors, namely Mr. Dong Jianxiong (resigned on 25 June 2024), Mr. Shi Zhirong
(appointed on 25 June 2024), Mr. Zhu Runzhou, Mr. Ou Xiaowu and Mr. Jiang Tao; two non-
executive directors, namely Mr. Zhang Jilong and Mr. Chen Pengjun; and three independent non-
executive directors, namely Mr. Qiu Guanzhou, Mr. Yu Jinsong and Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly.



                                                                              2024 INTERIM REPORT   39
     In the first half of 2024, five meetings were held by the Board of the Company, of which:


     Date of Meeting           Meeting                                               Type of Meeting


     2024.01.26                The 19th meeting of the eighth session of the Board   Physical meeting
     2024.03.27                The 20th meeting of the eighth session of the Board   Physical meeting
     2024.04.25                The 21th meeting of the eighth session of the Board   Physical meeting
     2024.06.03                The 22th meeting of the eighth session of the Board   Physical meeting
     2024.06.25                The 23th meeting of the eighth session of the Board   Physical meeting


     A total of 35 resolutions were considered and approved at the above five meetings, the contents
     of which mainly involved the Company’s periodic reports, annual social responsibility report (ESG
     report), annual internal control report, audit report on internal control, annual profit distribution
     proposal, annual operating and investment plans, annual financing and bond issuance plans,
     provision of guarantees, annual remuneration standards for the Company’s directors and senior
     management, the nomination of director candidate, the election of the chairman of the Company,
     the by-election of members of the special committee under the Board, provision on asset
     impairment, related party transactions, the unlocking of the Restricted Shares for the first Unlocking
     Period under the First Grant of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme, the amendments to the
     Articles of Association, the Rules of Procedures for the General Meeting, the Rules of Procedures
     for the Board Meetings, the Rules of Procedures for the Meetings of the Supervisory Committee
     and other securities management systems, etc.


     AUDIT COMMITTEE
     During the reporting period, the Audit Committee under the Board of the Company consisted of
     three independent non-executive directors, namely Mr. Qiu Guanzhou, Mr. Yu Jinsong and Ms.
     Chan Yuen Sau Kelly. Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly served as the chairwoman of the committee.


     The Audit Committee of the Board and the management of the Company have reviewed the
     accounting standards and norms adopted by the Group, and communicated and discussed the
     matters related to auditing, internal control, risk management and financial statements, including
     review of the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial report for the six months ended
     30 June 2024.


     In the first half of 2024, three meetings were held by the Audit Committee with 26 resolutions
     being considered and approved, including the financial report of the Company for the year 2023, the
     internal control evaluation report for the year 2023, the comprehensive risk management report, the
     annual audit plan and budget, annual profit distribution plan, the 2024 first quarterly report, provision
     on asset impairment, the related party transactions and the legal and compliance.



40   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
NOMINATION COMMITTEE

During the reporting period, the Nomination Committee under the Board of the Company consisted
of five directors, including executive directors, namely Mr. Dong Jianxiong (resigned on 25 June
2024), Mr. Shi Zhirong (appointed on 25 June 2024) and Mr. Zhu Runzhou; and independent non-
executive directors, namely Mr. Qiu Guanzhou, Mr. Yu Jinsong and Ms. Chan Yuen Sau Kelly. Mr.
Yu Jinsong served as the chairman of the committee.


In the first half of 2024, two meetings were held by the Nomination Committee of the Board, at
which the resolutions in relation to the nomination of candidate for the executive director, the
nomination of candidate for the chairman and the proposed by-election of members of the special
committee under the Board were considered and approved.


REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

During the reporting period, the Remuneration Committee under the Board of the Company
consisted of three directors, including a non-executive director, namely Mr. Zhang Jilong, and
independent non-executive directors, namely Mr. Qiu Guanzhou and Mr. Yu Jinsong. Mr. Qiu
Guanzhou served as the chairman of the committee.


In the first half of 2024, two meetings were held by the Remuneration Committee of the
Board, at which the resolutions in relation to the 2024 remuneration standards for directors and
employee representative supervisors of the Company, the 2024 remuneration standards for
senior management of the Company and the 2024 Annual Performance Responsibility Agreement
for Management, as well as the satisfaction of the Unlocking Conditions for the First Unlocking
Period under the First Grant of the 2021 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of the Company were
considered and approved.


The Board of the Company adopted the annual remuneration plan on directors, employee
representative supervisors and senior management proposed by the Remuneration Committee.


DEVELOPMENT AND PLANNING COMMITTEE

During the reporting period, the Development and Planning Committee under the Board of the
Company consisted of five directors, including executive directors, namely Mr. Dong Jianxiong
(resigned on 25 June 2024), Mr. Shi Zhirong (appointed on 25 June 2024) and Mr. Zhu Runzhou; and
non-executive directors, namely Mr. Zhang Jilong and Mr. Chen Pengjun, and an independent non-
executive director, namely Mr. Qiu Guanzhou. Mr. Dong Jianxiong (Mr. Shi Zhirong with effect from
25 June 2024) served as the chairman of the committee.




                                                                               2024 INTERIM REPORT   41
     In the first half of 2024, two meetings were held by the Development and Planning Committee
     under the Board, at which the resolutions in relation to the operating plan for the year 2024 and
     the development planning for the “14th Five-Year Plan” of the Company (adjusted version) were
     considered and approved.


     ESG COMMITTEE (FORMERLY OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH &
     SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT COMMITTEE)

     As considered and approved at the 22nd meeting of the eighth session of the Board of the
     Company held on 3 June 2024, the Company changed the name of the former Occupational Health
     & Safety and Environment Committee under the Board to the ESG Committee under the Board, and
     added ESG work duties on the basis of the original duties.


     During the reporting period, the ESG Committee of the Company consisted of three executive
     directors, namely Mr. Zhu Runzhou, Mr. Ou Xiaowu and Mr. Jiang Tao. Mr. Zhu Runzhou served as
     the chairman of the committee.


     In the first half of 2024, two meetings were held by the ESG Committee under the Board, at
     which the resolutions in relation to the Company’s working plan for safety and environmental
     protection for the year 2024, the Company’s three-year action implementation plan for remediation
     of ecological and environmental problems, the task list for the three-year action for remediation
     of safe production, and the three-year action plan for remediation of mine safety production were
     considered and approved.


     SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE

     During the reporting period, the eighth session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company
     consisted of three shareholder representative supervisors, namely Mr. Ye Guohua (resigned on
     25 July 2024), Ms. Shan Shulan (resigned on 6 February 2024), Ms. Lin Ni and Mr. Zhang Wenjun
     (appointed on 25 June 2024), and two employee representative supervisors, namely Ms. Xu
     Shuxiang and Ms. Wang Jinlin.


     In the first half of 2024, three meetings were held by the Supervisory Committee of the Company,
     namely the nineth meeting of the eighth session of the Supervisory Committee held on 27 March
     2024, the tenth meeting of the eighth session of the Supervisory Committee held on 24 April 2024
     and the eleventh meeting of the eighth session of the Supervisory Committee held on 3 June 2024.
     At the aforesaid meetings, eleven resolutions were considered and approved, including the annual
     report of the Company for the year 2023, the annual work report of the Supervisory Committee, the




42   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
internal control and assessment report, the social responsibility and ESG report, the annual profit
distribution proposal, the provision on asset impairment, 2024 first quarterly report, the unlocking
of partial Restricted Shares under the First Grant of the Share Incentive Scheme, the amendment
of the Rules of Procedures for the Meetings of the Supervisory Committee and the nomination of
candidate for shareholder representative supervisor.


GENERAL MEETING

The 2023 annual general meeting of the Company was held on 25 June 2024. A total of 12
resolutions were considered and approved, the contents of which include the annual report of the
Board of the Company, the annual report of the Supervisory Committee, the annual audit report
and the audited financial report, the annual profit distribution proposal, the annual bonds issuance
plans, the remuneration standards of directors and supervisors for the year 2024, the amendments
to the Articles of Association, the Rules of Procedures for the General Meeting, the Rules of
Procedures for the Board Meetings, the Rules of Procedures for the Meetings of the Supervisory
Committee, the by-election of executive director of the eighth session of the Board and shareholder
representative supervisor of the eighth session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company.


The convening, holding and voting procedures for the above general meeting were legal and valid,
and all the resolutions submitted at the general meeting were passed.




                                                                                 2024 INTERIM REPORT   43
     SIGNIFICANT EVENTS

     1.   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND INSTITUTIONAL
          AMENDMENTS

          The Company has strictly complied with the requirements of the Company Law of the
          People’s Republic of China (the “Company Law”), the Securities Law of the People’s
          Republic of China, relevant provisions of the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the
          “CSRC”), the Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on Shanghai Stock Exchange and the
          Hong Kong Listing Rules, and seriously performed its governance obligations in line with the
          relevant requirements of the CSRC and the SSE. The Company has also strictly complied with
          the requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules in relation to corporate governance.


          Amendments were made to the amendments to the Articles of Association, the Rules
          of Procedures for the General Meeting, the Rules of Procedures for the Board Meetings,
          the Rules of Procedures for the Meetings of the Supervisory Committee, the Detailed
          I m p l e m e n t a t i o n R u l e s f o r t h e S p e c i a l C o m m i t t e e s u n d e r t h e B o a r d, t h e D e t a i l e d
          Implementation Rules for Independent Directors, and six securities affairs management
          systems, including the Detailed Implementation Rules for independent Directors, the Detailed
          Implementation Rules for Secretary to the Board, the Administrative Measures on Information
          Disclosure and the Administrative Measures on Investor Relations, in accordance with the
          latest amended Company Law, the Administrative Measures for Independent Directors
          of Listed Companies, the Guidelines on the Articles of Association of Listed Companies
          (Revised in 2023), the Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange
          (Revised in April 2024), the Guidelines No. 1 for the Self-regulatory of Listed Companies on
          the Shanghai Stock Exchange – Standardized Operation (Revised in December 2023), and
          the Hong Kong Listing Rules and other relevant laws, regulations, rules and standardized
          documents as amended from time to time and taking into account the actual condition of the
          Company, and the Administrative Rules for Resolutions of the Board of Aluminum Corporation
          of China Limited was newly formulated. The aforementioned institutional amendments were
          considered and approved at the 22nd Meeting of the eighth session of the Board of the
          Company held on 3 June 2024, and the amendments to the Articles of Association, the Rules
          of Procedures for the General Meeting, the Rules of Procedures for the Board Meetings and
          the Rules of Procedures for the Meetings of the Supervisory Committee were considered and
          approved at the annual general meeting of the Company for the year 2023 held on 25 June
          2024.




44   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
     The Company will stay in strict compliance with the requirements of the regulatory bodies
     including the CSRC, the SSE and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Through regulatory
     compliance and strict self-regulation, the Company will continuously improve its various
     corporate governance systems to further enhance its corporate governance level and internal
     control system, realize high-quality development of the Company under the principle of
     protecting the interest of the shareholders of the Company, as well as bring returns to the
     society and shareholders through satisfactory performance results. The Company will also
     continue to strictly comply with the requirements on corporate governance under the Hong
     Kong Listing Rules.


     Since its incorporation, the Company has been completely separated from its controlling
     shareholder in terms of business, personnel, assets and finance. The Company has
     independent and comprehensive business and has the ability to operate on its own.


2.   DISTRIBUTION OF FINAL DIVIDEND FOR THE YEAR 2023

     As audited, the net profit of the financial statements of the Company for the year 2023
     was approximately RMB3,740 million and the net profit attributable to shareholders of the
     listed company in the consolidated financial statements was approximately RMB6,717
     million. As considered and approved at the 20th meeting of the eighth session of the Board
     of the Company held on 27 March 2024, the Company proposed to pay cash dividends
     to the shareholders at RMB0.08 per share (tax inclusive), with a total dividend payout of
     approximately RMB1,373 million (tax inclusive), which approximately accounted for 20.44% of
     the net profit attributable to shareholders of the listed company in the consolidated financial
     statements for the year 2023. On 25 June 2024, the aforesaid dividend distribution plan was
     considered and approved at the 2023 annual general meeting of the Company.


     The Company completed the payment of the final dividend for the year 2023 on 26 July 2024.


3.   MATERIAL LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION AND
     CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

     During the reporting period, the Company had no material litigation, arbitration, or material
     contingent liabilities that needs to be disclosed. For further details, please refer to the
     “Note 23 Contingent liabilities to the Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial
     Statements” in this report.




                                                                                 2024 INTERIM REPORT   45
     4.   RESTRICTED SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME

          At the 24th meeting of the seventh session of the Board and the 12th meeting of the
          seventh session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company held on 21 December 2021,
          the Company reviewed and approved the relevant resolutions on the Company’s Restricted
          Share Incentive Scheme (Draft) in 2021 and its summary, and agreed to the implementation
          of the 2021 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme to grant not more than 141,000,000 A shares
          (representing approximately 0.82% of the Company’s 17,161,591,551 shares in issue at
          the end of the reporting period) to not more than 1,192 Participants. The Restricted Share
          Incentive Scheme is valid from the date of completion of registration of the First Grant of
          Restricted Shares to the date of unlocking of all Restricted Shares granted to the Participants
          or the date of repurchase, subject to a maximum period of 72 months. The purpose of the
          Restricted Share Incentive Scheme is to further improve the corporate governance structure,
          establish a sound sustainable and stable incentive restraint mechanism, bring sustainable
          returns to shareholders, build a bond of interests among shareholders, the Company and
          employees, fully mobilize the enthusiasm of core employees, support the strategic realization
          and long-term steady development of the Company, attract, retain and motivate outstanding
          talents and advocate the concept of sustainable development of the Company and its
          employees together. The Participants of the Incentive Scheme include directors, senior
          management, middle management and core technical (business) backbone of the Company.
          The number of Restricted Shares granted to any one Participant shall not exceed 1% of the
          total share capital of the Company prior to the submission of the Restricted Share Incentive
          Scheme to the general meeting for consideration. The date of determining the price of the
          Restricted Shares under the First Grant is the date of announcement of the draft Restricted
          Share Incentive Scheme. The price of grant shall not be less than the par value of the shares
          (RMB1.00) and shall not be less than the higher of: (1). 50% of the average trading price of
          the Company’s A shares for the 1 trading day prior to the announcement of the Restricted
          Share Incentive Scheme, being RMB3.08 per share; (2). 50% of the average trading price of
          the Company’s A shares for the 20 trading days prior to the announcement of the Restricted
          Share Incentive Scheme, being RMB2.98 per share. The price of grant of reserved restricted
          shares shall not be less than the par value of the shares (RMB1.00) and not less than 50% of
          the higher of the following prices: (1). the average trading price of the Company’s A shares
          for 1 trading day prior to the announcement of the resolution of the Board to grant reserved
          restricted shares; (2). one of the average trading prices of the Company’s A shares for 20
          trading days, 60 trading days or 120 trading days prior to the announcement of the Board
          resolution to grant reserved restricted shares.




46   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
On 6 April 2022, the 27th meeting of the seventh session of the Board and the 14th meeting
of the seventh session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company were held, at which
the resolution on the adjustment to the 2021 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme (Draft) and
its summary and the appraisal management measures for implementation were considered
and passed.

On 20 April 2022, the Company received the Approval on the Implementation of the
Restricted Share Incentive Scheme by Aluminum Corporation of China Limited (Guo Zi Kao
Fen [2022] No. 157) from the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission
of the State Council, indicating that the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
Commission of the State Council agreed in principle to the Company’s implementation of the
Restricted Share Incentive Scheme.

At the 2022 first extraordinary general meeting, the 2022 first class meeting for A
shareholders and the 2022 first class meeting for H shareholders held on 26 April 2022, the
Company considered and approved the relevant resolutions on the 2021 Restricted Share
Incentive Scheme and agreed to the Company’s implementation of the Restricted Share
Incentive Scheme.

At the 16th meeting of the seventh session of the Supervisory Committee and the 29th
meeting of the seventh session of the Board of the Company held on 24 May and 25 May
2022, respectively, the Company considered and approved the resolution in relation to
relevant matters on the adjustment to the 2021 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme and the
resolution in relation to First Grant of Restricted Shares to Participants, and agreed to grant
113,438,200 Restricted Shares to 943 Participants at the Grant Price of RMB3.08 per share
with 25 May 2022 as the First Grant Date. Participants are required to make equity incentive
payments calculated in accordance with the Grant Price and the number of grants during the
period from 25 May 2022 to 27 May 2022 to the bank account designated by the Company.

The Company received the Securities Transfer Registration Certificate issued by the CSDC
Shanghai Branch on 14 June 2022. The registration of the First Grant of the 2021 Restricted
Share Incentive Scheme of the Company was completed on 13 June 2022. The Company
granted 112,270,300 Restricted Shares to 930 Participants in total.

At the fourth meeting of the eighth session of the Supervisory Committee and the seventh
meeting of the eighth session of the Board of the Company held on 23 November and 24
November 2022, respectively, the Company considered and passed the Resolution on the
Proposed Grant of Reserved Restricted Shares to Participants under the 2021 Restricted
Share Incentive Scheme of the Company, and agreed to grant 27,536,300 Restricted Shares
to 285 Participants at the price of grant of RMB2.21 per share with 24 November 2022 as the
Reserve Grant Date. Participants are required to make equity incentive payments calculated in
accordance with the Grant Price and the number of grants during the period from 5 December
2022 to 10 December 2022 to the bank account designated by the Company.



                                                                            2024 INTERIM REPORT   47
          The Company received the Securities Transfer Registration Certificate issued by the CSDC
          Shanghai Branch on 26 December 2022. The registration of the Reserved Grant of the 2021
          Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of the Company was completed on 23 December 2022.
          The Company granted 26,648,300 Restricted Shares to 276 Participants in total.


          The Company held the eighth meeting of the eighth session of the Supervisory Committee
          and the 16th meeting of the eighth session of the Board on 24 October and 25 October 2023,
          respectively, at which the Resolution on Adjustment to the Repurchase Price of Restricted
          Shares under the Company’s 2021 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme and the Resolution
          on the Repurchase and Cancellation of Partial Restricted Shares Granted to Incentive
          Participants but Not Yet Unlocked were considered and passed. Given that the Company
          has conducted the dividend distribution for 2021 and 2022, in accordance with the relevant
          provisions in the share incentive scheme, the Board agreed to adjust the repurchase price of
          Restricted Shares under the First Grant from RMB3.08/share to RMB3.01/share, and adjust
          the repurchase price of Restricted Shares under the Reserved Grant from RMB2.21/share
          to RMB2.17/share. Meanwhile, for the first grant of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme,
          four Participants resigned due to personal reasons. Twelve Participants retired and no longer
          work in the Company or its subsidiary. Sixteen Participants terminated their labour relations
          with the Company due to objective reasons such as work transfer not under personal control.
          Two Participants terminated the labour relation due to death. One Participant had a negative
          impact. The assessment results of three Participants were “80 points > S ≥ 70 points” (the
          standard coefficient of unlocking from selling restrictions in the current period was 0.9).
          For the Reserved Grant, two Participants resigned due to personal reasons. One Participant
          retired and no longer works in the Company or its subsidiary. Two Participants terminated
          their labour relations with the Company due to objective reasons such as work transfer not
          under personal control. Therefore, the Board agreed to repurchase and cancel all or part of
          the 3,210,323 Restricted Shares of the above 43 Participants that have been granted but not
          yet unlocked from restricted sale.


          The Company issued an announcement on the repurchase and cancellation of partial restricted
          shares in the share incentive scheme on 23 January 2024. It submitted an application for the
          repurchase and cancellation to CSDC Shanghai Branch. The Company received the Securities
          Transfer Registration Certificate issued by CSDC Shanghai Branch on 29 January 2024. The
          cancellation procedure for the 3,210,323 Restricted Shares repurchased and cancelled was
          completed on 26 January 2024. Upon cancellation, the Company’s total share capital was
          changed from 17,161,591,551 shares to 17,158,381,228 shares.




48   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
At the 22nd meeting of the eighth session of the Board and 11th meeting of the eighth
session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company held on 3 June 2024, respectively,
the Company considered and passed the Resolution on the Satisfaction of the Unlocking
Conditions for the First Unlocking Period under the First Grant of the 2021 Restricted Share
Incentive Scheme of the Company, and agreed to deal with the unlocking procedures for the
44,392,758 Restricted Shares for the first Unlocking Period for the 922 Participants under the
First Grant of the Incentive Scheme in accordance with the relevant requirements.


The Company issued an announcement on the Unlocking of the first Unlocking Period under
the First Grant and Listing of the Incentive Scheme on 14 June 2024, with the approval of
CSDC Shanghai Branch and SSE, the 44,392,758 Restricted Shares for the first Unlocking
Period under the First Grant of the Incentive Scheme were formally unlocked for listing on 20
June 2024.


At the 24th meeting of the eighth session of the Board and 12th meeting of the eighth
session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company held on 30 July 2024, respectively,
the Company considered and passed the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of
Partial Restricted Shares Granted but Not Yet Unlocked to Participants and Adjustment to the
Repurchase Price. Given that the Company has conducted the dividend distribution for 2023,
in accordance with the relevant provisions in the share incentive scheme, the Board agreed
to adjust the repurchase price of Restricted Shares under the First Grant from RMB3.01/share
to RMB2.93/share, and adjust the repurchase price of Restricted Shares under the Reserved
Grant from RMB2.17/share to RMB2.09/share. Meanwhile, considering that 20 Participants
under the First Grant of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme have retired and will not
continue to work in the Company or its subsidiaries, eleven Participants have terminated their
labour relations with the Company due to objective reasons such as work transfer not under
personal control, one Participant has a negative impact, two Participants under the Reserved
Grant have retired and will not continue to work in the Company or its subsidiaries, five
Participants have terminated their labour relations with the Company due to objective reasons
such as work transfer not under personal control, two Participants have terminated the labour
relation due to death, the Board agreed to repurchase and cancel all or part of the 1,882,319
Restricted Shares of the above 41 Participants that have been granted but not yet unlocked
from restricted sale. As of the date of this interim report, the relevant procedures for the
aforesaid repurchase and cancellation of Restricted Shares have not been completed.




                                                                           2024 INTERIM REPORT   49
                   Details of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of the Company for 2023 and the first half
                   of 2024 are set out below:

                                           Number
                                             of the     Number       Number      Number         Number                                                                                   Weighted
                                         Restricted       of the       of the      of the         of the                                                                                   average
                                            Shares    Restricted Restricted Restricted        Restricted                                          Closing                             closing price
                                             at the      Shares       Shares      Shares       Shares at                                       price prior Fair value                      prior to
                                       beginning of   granted in cancelled in unlocked in     the end of Lock-up                                 to Grant    on Grant Repurchase unlocking Note
     Category of Participants Note 1          2023         2023     2023 Note 2 2023 Note 3        2023 Period Note 3 Grant Date Grant Price     Date Note 4 Date Note 4 price Note 2             2

                                                                                                                                 (RMB/share) (RMB/share) (RMB/share) (RMB/share) (RMB/share)

     Directors:                            750,000            0             0            0      750,000 24 months      2022.5.25        3.08          4.93          4.97            /             /
     Zhu Runzhou (Director, General        270,000            0             0            0      270,000 24 months      2022.5.25        3.08          4.93          4.97            /             /
       Manager)
     Ou Xiaowu (Director, Secretary        250,000            0             0            0      250,000 24 months      2022.5.25        3.08          4.93          4.97            /             /
       of the Discipline Inspection
       Committee)
     Jiang Tao (Director, Deputy           230,000            0             0            0      230,000 24 months      2022.5.25        3.08          4.93          4.97            /             /
       General Manager)

     Other employees (First          111,520,300              0             0            0 111,520,300 24 months       2022.5.25        3.08          4.93          4.97            /             /
       Grant):
     Xu Feng (Deputy General             230,000              0             0            0      230,000 24 months      2022.5.25        3.08          4.93          4.97            /             /
       Manager)
     Lu Dong (Deputy General             199,500              0             0            0      199,500 24 months      2022.5.25        3.08          4.93          4.97            /             /
       Manager)
     Liang Minghong (General             170,200              0             0            0      170,200 24 months      2022.5.25        3.08          4.93          4.97            /             /
       Legal Counsel and Chief
       Compliance Officer)
     Middle-level management, core 110,920,600                0             0            0 110,920,600 24 months       2022.5.25        3.08          4.93          4.97            /             /
       technical (business) backbone

     Other employees (Reserved        26,648,300              0             0            0    26,648,300 24 months 2022.11.24           2.21          4.38          4.42            /             /
        Grant):
     Ge Xiaolei (Chief Financial         230,000              0             0            0      230,000 24 months 2022.11.24            2.21          4.38          4.42            /             /
        Officer, Secretary to the
        Board)
     Li Wangxing (Chief Technology       230,000              0             0            0      230,000 24 months 2022.11.24            2.21          4.38          4.42            /             /
        Officer)
     Middle-level management, core 26,188,300                 0             0            0    26,188,300 24 months 2022.11.24           2.21          4.38          4.42            /             /
        technical (business) backbone
     Subtotal for other employees 138,168,600                 0             0            0 138,168,600 24 months               /           /             /             /            /             /
        (First Grant and Reserved
        Grant)




50   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
                                      Number       Number         Number         Number
                                        of the        of the         of the         of the       Number                                                                                  Weighted
                                    Restricted Restricted Restricted Restricted                    of the                                                                                  average
                                       Shares        Shares         Shares         Shares     Restricted                                           Closing                            closing price
                                        at the granted in cancelled in unlocked in             Shares as                                        price prior Fair value                     prior to
                                  beginning of the first half the first half the first half   of 30 June Lock-up                                  to Grant   on Grant Repurchase unlocking Note
Category of Participants Note 1          2024        of 2024 of 2024 Note 2 of 2024 Note 3          2024 Period Note 3 Grant Date Grant Price    Date Note 4 Date Note 4 price Note 2             2

                                                                                                                                  (RMB/share) (RMB/share) (RMB/share) (RMB/share) (RMB/share)

Directors:                            750,000               0              0       300,000      450,000 24 months      2022.5.25         3.08         4.93          4.97            /          7.64
Zhu Runzhou (Director, General        270,000               0              0       108,000      162,000 24 months      2022.5.25         3.08         4.93          4.97            /          7.64
  Manager)
Ou Xiaowu (Director, Secretary        250,000               0              0       100,000      150,000 24 months      2022.5.25         3.08         4.93          4.97            /          7.64
  of the Discipline Inspection
  Committee)
Jiang Tao (Director, Deputy           230,000               0              0        92,000      138,000 24 months      2022.5.25         3.08         4.93          4.97            /          7.64
  General Manager)

Other employees (First          111,520,300                 0     2,909,711     44,092,758    64,517,831 24 months     2022.5.25         3.08         4.93          4.97         3.01          7.64
  Grant):
Xu Feng (Deputy General             230,000                 0              0        92,000      138,000 24 months      2022.5.25         3.08         4.93          4.97            /          7.64
  Manager)
Lu Dong (Deputy General             199,500                 0              0        79,800      119,700 24 months      2022.5.25         3.08         4.93          4.97            /          7.64
  Manager)
Liang Minghong (General             170,200                 0              0        68,080      102,120 24 months      2022.5.25         3.08         4.93          4.97            /          7.64
  Legal Counsel and Chief
  Compliance Officer)
Middle-level management, core 110,920,600                   0     2,909,711     43,852,878    64,158,011 24 months     2022.5.25         3.08         4.93          4.97         3.01          7.64
  technical (business) backbone


Other employees (Reserved        26,648,300                 0       300,612              0    26,347,688 24 months 2022.11.24            2.21         4.38          4.42         2.17             /
   Grant):
Ge Xiaolei (Chief Financial         230,000                 0              0             0      230,000 24 months 2022.11.24             2.21         4.38          4.42            /             /
   Officer, Secretary to the
   Board)
Li Wangxing (Chief Technology       230,000                 0              0             0      230,000 24 months 2022.11.24             2.21         4.38          4.42            /             /
   Officer)
Middle-level management, core 26,188,300                    0       300,612              0    25,887,688 24 months 2022.11.24            2.21         4.38          4.42         2.17             /
   technical (business) backbone
Subtotal for other employees 138,168,600                    0     3,210,323     44,092,758    90,865,519 24 months             /            /            /             /            /             /
   (First Grant and Reserved
   Grant)




                                                                                                                                                                 2024 INTERIM REPORT                  51
          Notes:

          1.       The Participants do not include (i) substantial shareholders of the Company or their respective associates;
                   (ii) participants with options and awards granted and to be granted exceeding the 1% individual limit; or
                   (iii) related entity participants or service providers with options and awards granted and to be granted in
                   any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% of the Company’s relevant class of shares in issue. The number of
                   Restricted Shares to be granted under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme would not exceed 141,000,000
                   A Shares, and the Company granted 138,918,600 A Shares in 2022, therefore the Restricted Share Incentive
                   Scheme had been fully implemented, suggesting that there were no shares available for grant or issue under
                   the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme at the beginning and end of 2023 and the first half of 2024.

          2.       The Company held the eighth meeting of the eighth session of the Supervisory Committee and the 16th
                   meeting of the eighth session of the Board on 24 October and 25 October 2023, respectively, at which the
                   Resolution on Adjustment to the Repurchase Price of Restricted Shares under the Company’s 2021 Restricted
                   Share Incentive Scheme and the Resolution on the Repurchase and Cancellation of Partial Restricted Shares
                   Granted to Incentive Participants but Not Yet Unlocked were considered and passed. Given that the Company
                   has conducted the dividend distribution for 2021 and 2022, in accordance with the relevant provisions in the
                   share incentive scheme, the Board agreed to adjust the repurchase price of Restricted Shares under the First
                   Grant from RMB3.08/share to RMB3.01/share, and adjust the repurchase price of Restricted Shares under
                   the Reserved Grant from RMB2.21/share to RMB2.17/share. Meanwhile, for the first grant of the Restricted
                   Share Incentive Scheme, four Participants resigned due to personal reasons. Twelve Participants retired and
                   no longer work in the Company or its subsidiary. Sixteen Participants terminated their labour relations with
                   the Company due to objective reasons such as work transfer not under personal control. Two Participants
                   terminated the labour relation due to death. One Participant had a negative impact. The assessment results
                   of three Participants were “80 points > S ≥ 70 points” (the standard coefficient of unlocking from selling
                   restrictions in the current period was 0.9). For the Reserved Grant, two Participants resigned due to personal
                   reasons. One Participant retired and no longer works in the Company or its subsidiary. Two Participants
                   terminated their labour relations with the Company due to objective reasons such as work transfer not under
                   personal control. Therefore, the Board agreed to repurchase and cancel all or part of the 3,210,323 Restricted
                   Shares of the above 43 Participants that have been granted but not yet unlocked from restricted sale.

                   The Company issued an announcement on the repurchase and cancellation of partial restricted shares
                   under the share incentive scheme on 23 January 2024. It submitted an application for the repurchase and
                   cancellation to CSDC Shanghai Branch. The Company received the Securities Transfer Registration Certificate
                   issued by CSDC Shanghai Branch on 29 January 2024. The cancellation procedure for the 3,210,323
                   Restricted Shares repurchased and cancelled was completed on 26 January 2024. Save for the Restricted
                   Shares cancelled, it did not involve the grant of any options or awards which could lapse.




52   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
3.   The Lock-up Period shall be 24 months from the completion date of registration of the grant of Restricted
     Shares to the Participants. During the Lock-up Period, the Restricted Shares granted to the Participants
     shall be locked and shall not be transferred or assigned or used as guarantee or for repayment of debts.
     Upon unlocking, the Company shall proceed with the unlocking for the Participants who satisfy Unlocking
     Conditions, and the Restricted Shares held by the Participants who do not satisfy the Unlocking Conditions
     shall be repurchased by the Company. The schedule for the unlocking of Restricted Shares under the First
     and Reserved Grants of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme is set out in the table below:


                                                                                                      Percentage of
                                                                                                     the number of
                                                                                                   Restricted Shares
                                                                                                    to be unlocked
                                                                                                     to the number
                                                                                                   of the Restricted
     Arrangement of unlocking             Time of unlocking                                         Shares granted


     The first Unlocking Period for the   Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of                40%
       first and reserved grant             the 24-month period from the date of completion of
                                            registration of the corresponding grant and ending
                                            on the last trading day of the 36-month period from
                                            the date of completion of registration of such grant
     The second Unlocking Period for      Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of                30%
       the first and reserved grant         the 36-month period from the date of completion of
                                            registration of the corresponding grant and ending
                                            on the last trading day of the 48-month period from
                                            the date of completion of registration of such grant
     The third Unlocking Period for the   Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of                30%
       first and reserved grant             the 48-month period from the date of completion of
                                            registration of the corresponding grant and ending
                                            on the last trading day of the 60-month period from
                                            the date of completion of registration of such grant


     Based on the growth of the Company’s future performance targets, the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme
     sets the conditions for the unlocking of the restricted shares and links the results of the individual assessment
     of the Participants to the unlocking of the Restricted Shares. The Restricted Share Incentive Scheme may be
     unlocked when the performance indicators of the Company meet the performance appraisal targets at the
     same time there are no circumstances under which the Company is not allowed to exercise equity incentive
     as set out in the laws and regulations and the relevant regulations of the CSRC. The performance indicators
     of the Company include the compounded growth rate of net profit attributable to owners of the parent after
     excluding gains or losses from non-recurring items, the EBITDA/average net assets (EOE) and the annual
     EVA assessment targets set by the Board. For details of the Unlocking Conditions of Restricted Shares and
     the individual assessment process for Participants, please refer to Appendix I “Restricted Share Incentive
     Scheme (Draft)” and Appendix II “Implementation Assessment and Management Measure for the Restricted
     Share Incentive Scheme” to the circular of the Company dated 7 March 2022.

     During the reporting period, the first Unlocking Period under the First Grant of the Restricted Share Incentive
     Scheme expired on 12 June 2024. Pursuant to the authorization of the general meeting, as considered
     and approved by the Board of the Company and with the approval of CSDC Shanghai Branch and SSE, the
     44,392,758 Restricted Shares held by the 922 Participants under the First Grant were unlocked for listing on
     20 June 2024.




                                                                                              2024 INTERIM REPORT        53
          4.     The closing prices of the Company’s A shares immediately prior to the Grant Date of the Restricted Shares
                 (i.e. 24 May 2022 and 23 November 2022) were RMB4.93 and RMB4.38, respectively. The Company granted
                 Restricted Shares on 25 May 2022 and 24 November 2022, respectively. In accordance with IFRS 2 – Share-
                 based Payment, the Company determined the fair value of the Restricted Shares on the grant date using
                 the closing price of the Company’s A shares on the grant date. As at 25 May 2022, the fair value of each
                 Restricted Share was RMB4.97 and the price of grant per share for Participants was RMB3.08; as at 24
                 November 2022, the fair value of each Restricted Share was RMB4.42 and the price of grant per share
                 for Participants was RMB2.21; the difference between the fair value and the price of grant per share was
                 included in share-based payment expense.


          5.     In 2023 and the first half of 2024, the Company did not grant any Restricted Shares, accordingly, the number
                 of shares that could have been issued in respect of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme in 2023 and the
                 first half of 2024 divided by the weighted average number of A shares in issue in 2023 and the first half of
                 2024 is not applicable.


          Please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 21 December 2021, 22 December 2021, 6 April 2022, 21
          April 2022, 26 April 2022, 25 May 2022, 14 June 2022, 24 November 2022, 27 December 2022, 25 October 2023, 23
          January 2024, 29 January 2024, 3 June 2024, 14 June 2024 and 30 July 2024, and the supplemental circular dated 7
          March 2022 for details of the above matters.



     5.   PERFORMANCE OF UNDERTAKINGS

          There were no overdue outstanding undertakings during the reporting period.




54   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
6.   CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

     Non-exempted Continuing Connected Transactions

     Set out below are the transaction caps for the year 2024 for the non-exempted continuing
     connected transactions of the Group and the actual connected transaction amounts incurred
     by the Group for the first half of 2024:


                                                             Aggregated
                                                           consideration
                                                               for the six         Transaction
                                                           months ended                cap for
                                                            30 June 2024         the year 2024
                                                           (in RMB million)    (in RMB million)


     Purchases of goods or services:
     (A) Comprehensive Social and Logistics Services                   116                 500
           Agreement (Counterparty: Chinalco)
     (B) General Agreement on Mutual Provision of                    9,155              22,900
           Production Supplies and Ancillary Services
           (Counterparty: Chinalco)
     (C) Mineral Supply Agreement (Counterparty:                       135                1,800
           Chinalco)
     (D) Provision of Engineering, Construction and                    977                6,100
           Supervisory Services Agreement (Counterparty:
           Chinalco)
     (E) Land Use Rights Leasing Agreement                             709                1,500
           (Counterparty: Chinalco)
     (F) Fixed Assets Leases Framework Agreement                        13                 300
           (Counterparty: Chinalco)
     (G) General Services Master Agreement                                0                  90
           (Counterparty: Chinalco)
     (H) Financial Services Agreement (Counterparty:
           Chinalco Finance Co., Ltd.)
         Daily cap of deposit balance (including accrued            16,731 Daily cap of deposit
           interests)                                                          balance 17,000
         Daily cap of loan balance (including accrued                1,839   Daily cap of loan
           interests)                                                          balance 21,000
         Other financial services                                     0.15                 100




                                                                              2024 INTERIM REPORT   55
                                                                   Aggregated
                                                                 consideration
                                                                     for the six        Transaction
                                                                months ended                cap for
                                                                  30 June 2024        the year 2024
                                                               (in RMB million)    (in RMB million)


          (I) Financial Leasing Agreement (Counterparty:
                Chinalco Finance Lease Co., Ltd.)
              Direct leasing                                                  0              2,000
              Leaseback                                                       0              1,000
          (J) Factoring Cooperation Agreement (Counterparty:                  0              1,800
                Chinalco Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd.)
          Sales of goods or services:
          (K) General Agreement on Mutual Provision of                  23,134              65,700
                Production Supplies and Ancillary Services
                (Counterparty: Chinalco)
          (F) Fixed Assets Lease Framework Agreement                          9                300
                (Counterparty: Chinalco)


          During the reporting period, the aforesaid continuing connected transactions have been
          performed in accordance with relevant agreements as announced. The continuing connected
          transactions of the Group are mainly the transactions between the Group and Chinalco.




56   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
Non-exempted One-off Connected Transactions

(1)   Establishment of a Joint Venture between the Company and Chinalco High-end
      Manufacturing Co., Ltd. (“Chinalco High-end Manufacturing”)

      At the 19th meeting of the eighth session of the Board of the Company held on 26
      January 2024, the Resolution in relation to the Proposed Establishment of a Joint
      Venture between the Company and Chinalco High-end Manufacturing Co., Ltd. was
      considered and approved, and it was agreed that the Company would establish a Joint
      Venture with Chinalco High-end Manufacturing, of which the Company will contribute
      RMB288 million in cash, holding 60% equity interests in the Joint Venture; and Chinalco
      High-end Manufacturing will contribute RMB192 million in cash, holding 40% equity
      interests in the Joint Venture. Upon the establishment of the Joint Venture, it will be
      controlled by the Company and included in the consolidated financial statements of the
      Company.


      On 27 March 2024, the Company and Chinalco High-end Manufacturing formally signed
      the Capital Contribution Agreement in relation to the aforesaid establishment of the
      Joint Venture.


      As Chinalco High-end Manufacturing is a subsidiary of Chinalco, the controlling
      shareholder of the Company, Chinalco High-end Manufacturing is a connected person
      of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore, the
      aforesaid transaction for the establishment of the Joint Venture constitutes a connected
      transaction under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. As the highest
      applicable percentage for this transaction exceeds 0.1% but is less than 5%, this
      transaction is subject to the reporting and announcement requirements under Chapter
      14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, but exempt from the requirement for independent
      shareholders’ approval.


      Please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 26 January 2024 and 27
      March 2024 respectively for details of the above matter.




                                                                           2024 INTERIM REPORT   57
          (2)   Transfer of 6.68% Equity Interests in China Copper Mineral Resources Co., Ltd.
                (“China Copper Resources”) by the Company to China Copper Co., Ltd. (“China
                Copper”)

                At the 20th meeting of the eighth session of the Board of the Company held on 27
                March 2024, the Resolution in relation to the Proposed Transfer of Equity Interests in
                China Copper Mineral Resources Co., Ltd. by the Company to China Copper Co., Ltd.
                was considered and approved, and it was agreed that the Company would transfer
                6.68% equity interests in China Copper Resources held it to China Copper through
                agreement, with the transaction consideration of RMB328 million, which is the
                appraised value of aforementioned equity interests.

                On the same day, the Company and China Copper formally signed the Equity Transfer
                Agreement in relation to the aforesaid equity transfer.

                As China Copper is a subsidiary of Chinalco, the controlling shareholder of the
                Company, China Copper is a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A
                of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore, the aforesaid equity interests transfer
                transaction constitutes a connected transaction under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong
                Listing Rules. As the highest applicable percentage for this transaction exceeds 0.1%
                but is less than 5%, it is subject to the reporting and announcement requirements
                under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, but exempt from the requirement
                for independent shareholders’ approval.

                According to the valuation report prepared by China Alliance Appraisal Co., Ltd.* (北京
                中同華資產評估有限公司) using the asset-based approach, the appraised value of the
                net assets of China Copper Resources as of 30 November 2023 was RMB4,904.3006
                million. According to the financial report of China Copper Resources prepared in
                accordance with the PRC Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, the
                book value of net assets of China Copper Resources as at 31 December 2023 was
                RM446.7584 million. The difference between the book value and appraised value of the
                net assets of China Copper Resources was mainly attributable to the appreciation of
                mining rights held by Tibet Jinlong Mining Co., Ltd.* (西藏金龍礦業股份有限公司) (“Tibet
                Jinlong”), a subsidiary of China Copper Resources, after the valuation. The book
                value of mining rights,amounting to RMB431.0208 million, represents the historical
                exploration cost, while China Alliance Appraisal Co., Ltd., taking into account that the
                mines owned by Tibet Jinlong will proceed into development stage from exploration
                stage and based on the exploration results, some mines are equipped with large-scale
                resources and may lead to good economic benefits, has appraised the market value of
                such mining rights, amounting to RMB7,812.6565 million.

                Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 27 March 2024 for details of
                the above matter.



58   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
                                          UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED
As at 30 June 2024
(Amounts expressed in thousands of            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
RMB unless otherwise stated)                      OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                           30 June       31 December
                                                Notes         2024               2023
                                                        (Unaudited)          (Audited)


ASSETS
Non-current assets
 Intangible assets                                5      13,688,421        13,726,878
 Property, plant and equipment                    6     105,643,025       104,809,892
 Investment properties                                    2,065,544         2,047,569
 Right-of-use assets                                     15,674,325        16,206,021
 Investments in joint ventures                    7       3,395,219         3,359,186
 Investments in associates                        7       7,376,944         6,680,346
 Financial assets at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                                   2,172,003          2,158,418
 Deferred tax assets                                      2,260,040          2,022,724
 Other non-current assets                                 2,190,819          2,304,241


Total non-current assets                                154,466,340       153,315,275


Current assets
 Inventories                                             25,055,185         22,847,135
 Trade and notes receivables                      8       8,820,713          6,607,154
 Other current assets                                     2,829,733          2,869,885
 Financial assets at fair value through
    profit or loss                                           83,053          5,012,779
 Restricted cash                                          1,373,790          2,064,046
 Cash and cash equivalents                               24,463,113         19,039,535


Total current assets                                     62,625,587         58,440,534


Total assets                                            217,091,927       211,755,809




                                                                      2024 INTERIM REPORT   59
     UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED                                             As at 30 June 2024
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT                                  (Amounts expressed in thousands of
     OF FINANCIAL POSITION (CONTINUED)                            RMB unless otherwise stated)



                                                             30 June          31 December
                                                  Notes         2024                  2023
                                                          (Unaudited)             (Audited)


     EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
     EQUITY
      Share capital                                 9      17,158,381           17,161,592
      Restricted shares held for employee share
        scheme                                     10        (258,544)            (404,685)
      Other equity instruments                              2,000,000            2,000,000
      Other reserves                                       26,487,349           25,943,172
      Retained earnings                                    21,026,031           15,757,656


     Total equity attributable to owners of
       the Company                                         66,413,217           60,457,735


     Non-controlling interests                             42,201,898           38,431,404


     Total equity                                         108,615,115           98,889,139


     LIABILITIES
     Non-current liabilities
       Interest-bearing loans and borrowings       11      50,663,614           50,515,635
       Deferred tax liabilities                             1,269,191            1,436,956
       Other non-current liabilities                        2,535,720            2,208,307


     Total non-current liabilities                         54,468,525           54,160,898




60   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
As at 30 June 2024                                 UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED
(Amounts expressed in thousands of                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
RMB unless otherwise stated)                   OF FINANCIAL POSITION (CONTINUED)

                                                                 30 June         31 December
                                                   Notes            2024                 2023
                                                              (Unaudited)            (Audited)


Current liabilities
 Trade and notes payables                           12          20,249,295         21,111,718
 Other payables and accrued liabilities                         11,528,839          7,927,088
 Contract liabilities                                            1,758,286          1,681,425
 Financial liabilities at fair value through
    profit or loss                                                       –             24,426
 Income tax payable                                              1,344,717            826,681
 Interest-bearing loans and borrowings              11          19,127,150         27,134,434


Total current liabilities                                       54,008,287         58,705,772


Total liabilities                                              108,476,812        112,866,670


Total equity and liabilities                                   217,091,927        211,755,809


Net current assets/(liabilities)                                 8,617,300              (265,238)


Total assets less current liabilities                          163,083,640        153,050,037


The accompanying notes on pages 69 to 116 are an integral part of these interim condensed
consolidated statements.


The interim condensed consolidated statements on pages 59 to 116 were approved by the Board of
Directors on 28 August 2024 and were signed on its behalf.




                         Shi Zhirong                                Ge Xiaolei
                          Chairman                            Chief Financial Officer




                                                                             2024 INTERIM REPORT    61
     UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND       For the six months ended 30 June 2024
                                             (Amounts expressed in thousands of
     OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME                      RMB unless otherwise stated)



                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June
                                                         Notes            2024              2023
                                                                    (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


     Revenue                                              4         110,717,746       134,062,610
     Cost of sales                                        13        (92,287,485)     (122,056,077)


     Gross profit                                                     18,430,261       12,006,533


     Selling and distribution expenses                    13            (206,932)        (201,063)
     General and administrative expenses                  13          (3,296,803)      (2,706,737)
     Research and development expenses                    13          (1,693,069)      (1,692,477)
     Impairment losses on property,
       plant and equipment                                                   (2)               –
     Net impairment (losses)/gains on financial assets                  (13,739)         233,115
     Other income                                        14(a)          624,897          179,290
     Other gains, net                                    14(b)          109,665          266,420


     Operating profit                                                 13,954,278        8,085,081


     Finance income                                       15             299,726          160,589
     Finance costs                                        15          (1,597,443)      (1,638,320)


     Finance costs, net                                               (1,297,717)      (1,477,731)


     Share of net profits of investment accounted for
       using the equity method:
       Joint ventures                                                   208,320           77,721
       Associates                                                       104,276           34,622


                                                                        312,596          112,343




62   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
For the six months ended 30 June 2024   UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
(Amounts expressed in thousands of                 STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
RMB unless otherwise stated)              OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (CONTINUED)

                                                        For the six months ended 30 June
                                                Notes            2024                 2023
                                                           (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)


Profit before income tax                                     12,969,157           6,719,693


Income tax expense                               16          (1,679,335)         (1,133,237)


Profit for the period                                        11,289,822           5,586,456


Profit attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                       7,016,492           3,416,724
  Non-controlling interests                                   4,273,330           2,169,732


                                                             11,289,822           5,586,456


Earnings per share attributable to the owners
  of the Company (expressed in RMB per
 share):
  Basic earnings per share                       17               0.409                0.198
  Diluted earnings per share                     17               0.408                0.198




                                                                           2024 INTERIM REPORT   63
     UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED                             For the six months ended 30 June 2024
     STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND                                        (Amounts expressed in thousands of
     OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (CONTINUED)                                         RMB unless otherwise stated)



                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                              2024                    2023
                                                                        (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)


     Profit for the period                                                11,289,822              5,586,456


     Other comprehensive income
     Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss:
        Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations             (23,084)             (283,220)


     Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
        Changes in fair value of financial assets measured at fair
          value through other comprehensive income                             22,140                  4,611
        Income tax effect                                                      (4,076)                 3,607


     Other comprehensive income for the period,
      net of tax                                                               (5,020)             (275,002)


     Total comprehensive income for the period                            11,284,802              5,311,454


     Total comprehensive income for the period attributable
       to:
       Owners of the Company                                               6,999,385              3,133,467
       Non-controlling interests                                           4,285,417              2,177,987


                                                                          11,284,802              5,311,454


     The accompanying notes on pages 69 to 116 are an integral part of these interim condensed
     consolidated statements.




64   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
                                                                                          UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED
For the six months ended 30 June 2024
(Amounts expressed in thousands of                                                            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
RMB unless otherwise stated)                                                                      OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                      Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                  Capital reserves
                                                                                      Restricted
                                                                                         shares
                                                                                        held for                                                           Foreign
                                                                                      employee         Statutory                                  Other currency                                    Non-
                                                       Share       Share        Other     share          surplus      Special    Fair value      equity translation     Retained              controlling
                                                      capital   premium      reserves   scheme           reserve      reserve      reserve instruments      reserve     earnings        Total interests Total equity
                                                     (Note 9)


At 31 December 2023 (Audited)                      17,161,592 21,723,463    1,403,222     (404,685)     2,434,576     280,788      133,832    2,000,000     (32,709) 15,757,656 60,457,735 38,431,404 98,889,139


At 1 January 2024 (Audited)                        17,161,592 21,723,463    1,403,222     (404,685)     2,434,576     280,788      133,832    2,000,000     (32,709) 15,757,656 60,457,735 38,431,404 98,889,139

Profit for the period                                      –           –              –          –              –           –            –            –           –    7,016,492    7,016,492    4,273,330 11,289,822

Other comprehensive income for the period
Changes in fair value of financial assets
  measured at fair value through other
  comprehensive incomes, net of tax                        –           –              –          –              –           –        5,980            –           –            –        5,980      12,084       18,064
Exchange differences on translation of foreign
  operations                                               –           –              –          –              –           –            –            –     (23,087)           –      (23,087)          3       (23,084)


Total comprehensive income for the period                  –           –              –          –              –           –        5,980            –     (23,087)   7,016,492    6,999,385    4,285,417 11,284,802

Transaction with non-controlling interests                 –           –        (7,186)          –              –           –            –            –           –            –       (7,186)    (45,959)     (53,145)
Capital injection from non-controlling
  shareholders                                             –           –              –          –             –            –            –            –           –            –            –     340,315      340,315
Appropriation to surplus reserves                          –           –              –          –       334,666            –            –            –           –     (334,666)           –           –            –
Repurchase and cancellation of shares for
  employee share scheme (Note 10)                     (3,211)     (6,416)           –        9,411              –           –            –            –           –          216            –           –            –
Unlocking of restricted shares (Note 10)                   –      83,903      (83,903)     136,730              –           –            –            –           –            –      136,730           –      136,730
Employee share schemes-value of employee
  services                                                 –           –       44,664            –              –           –            –            –           –            –       44,664           –       44,664
Appropriation to special reserves                          –           –            –            –              –     173,369            –            –           –            –      173,369      44,597      217,966
Share of reserves of joint ventures and
  associates                                               –           –              –          –              –      25,257            –            –           –            –       25,257           –       25,257
Transfer of fair value reserve upon the disposal
  of equity investments                                    –           –              –          –              –           –       (4,399)           –           –        4,399            –           –            –
Distribution of other equity instruments                   –           –              –          –              –           –            –            –           –      (45,396)     (45,396)          –      (45,396)
Dividends distribution from subsidiaries to non-
  controlling shareholders                                 –           –              –          –              –           –            –            –           –            –            –    (853,876)    (853,876)
Distribution of dividends to the owners of the
  Company (Note 18)                                        –           –              –          –              –           –            –            –           –    (1,372,670) (1,372,670)          –    (1,372,670)
Others                                                     –           –             49          –              –       1,280            –            –           –             –       1,329           –         1,329


As at 30 June 2024 (Unaudited)                     17,158,381 21,800,950    1,356,846     (258,544)     2,769,242     480,694      135,413    2,000,000     (55,796) 21,026,031 66,413,217 42,201,898 108,615,115




                                                                                                                                                                                   2024 INTERIM REPORT                     65
     UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED                                                                                                                                For the six months ended 30 June 2024
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT                                                                                                                                       (Amounts expressed in thousands of
     OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (CONTINUED)                                                                                                                                     RMB unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                                         Attributable to owners of the Company (Restated)
                                                                        Capital reserves
                                                                                                 Restricted
                                                                                                shares held                                                             Foreign
                                                                                              for employee     Statutory                                               currency                                   Non-
                                                               Share       Share        Other        share       surplus       Special     Fair value Other equity   translation    Retained                 controlling       Total
                                                              capital   premium      reserves      scheme       reserve        reserve       reserve instruments        reserve     earnings        Total     interests       equity
                                                            (Note 9)


     At 31 December 2022 (Audited)                        17,161,592 21,723,463     1,196,340     (404,685)    2,060,540      319,749       138,762     2,000,000     117,704 10,089,547 54,403,012 33,352,955 87,755,967
     Changes in accounting policies                                –          –             –            –             –            –             –             –           –     (1,483)    (1,483)         –     (1,483)


     At 1 January 2023 (Audited and Restated)             17,161,592 21,723,463     1,196,340     (404,685)    2,060,540      319,749       138,762     2,000,000     117,704 10,088,064 54,401,529 33,352,955 87,754,484

     Profit for the period                                         –           –            –            –             –             –             –            –             –    3,416,724    3,416,724    2,169,732     5,586,456

     Other comprehensive income for the period
     Changes in fair value of financial assets measured
       at fair value through other comprehensive
       incomes, net of tax                                         –           –            –            –             –             –        2,505             –             –            –        2,505         5,713        8,218
     Exchange differences on translation of foreign
       operations                                                  –           –            –            –             –             –             –            –    (285,762)             –     (285,762)        2,542     (283,220)


     Total comprehensive income for the period                     –           –            –            –             –             –        2,505             –    (285,762)     3,416,724    3,133,467    2,177,987     5,311,454

     Transactions with non–controlling interests                   –           –      105,300            –             –             –             –            –             –            –     105,300      (105,300)            –
     Employee share schemes-value of employee
       services                                                    –           –       50,113            –             –            –              –            –             –            –      50,113            92       50,205
     Other appropriations                                          –           –            –            –             –      114,618              –            –             –            –     114,618        56,739      171,357
     Share of reserves of joint ventures and associates            –           –          123            –             –       20,478              –            –             –            –      20,601             –       20,601
     Distribution of other equity instruments                      –           –            –            –             –            –              –            –             –      (45,401)    (45,401)            –      (45,401)
     Dividends distribution of subsidiaries to non-
       controlling shareholders                                    –           –            –            –             –             –             –            –             –            –            –     (457,728)     (457,728)
     Distribution of dividends                                     –           –            –            –             –             –             –            –             –     (617,817)    (617,817)           –      (617,817)


     As at 30 June 2023 (Unaudited)                       17,161,592 21,723,463     1,351,876     (404,685)    2,060,540      454,845       141,267     2,000,000    (168,058) 12,841,570 57,162,410 35,024,745 92,187,155



     The accompanying notes on pages 69 to 116 are an integral part of these interim condensed
     consolidated statements.




66   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
                                        UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED
For the six months ended 30 June 2024
(Amounts expressed in thousands of          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
RMB unless otherwise stated)                          OF CASH FLOWS

                                                          For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                   2024                 2023
                                                             (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)


Net cash inflow from operating activities                      13,484,599          10,242,195


Investing activities
Purchases of intangible assets                                     (2,216)            (11,865)
Purchases of property, plant and equipment                     (3,164,175)         (1,819,429)
Purchases of right of use assets                                      (12)                  –
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment           139,938                 771
Investments in financial assets measured at fair value         (2,000,000)         (3,800,000)
Investments in associates                                        (826,715)           (218,440)
Purchases of non-controlling interests                            (60,000)                  –
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets measured
  at fair value                                                 6,829,992             181,149
Proceeds from disposal of an associate                            337,028                   –
Dividend received from financial assets measured
  at fair value through other comprehensive income                      –               12,549
Dividends received from associates and joint ventures             255,932               48,559
Change in deposit of futures contracts                           (487,414)             (76,298)
Assets-related government grants received                          64,716               65,720
Receipt of deposit of mining rights                               500,000                    –


Net cash inflow from/(outflow used in)
 investing activities                                           1,587,074          (5,617,284)




                                                                             2024 INTERIM REPORT   67
     UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED                                      For the six months ended 30 June 2024
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT                                             (Amounts expressed in thousands of
     OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)                                                  RMB unless otherwise stated)



                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                          2024                    2023
                                                                    (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)


     Financing activities
     Repayments of short-term bonds and medium-term notes             (4,779,941)            (4,529,634)
     Drawdown of short-term and long-term bank and other loans         6,796,658             10,415,327
     Repayments of short-term and long-term bank
       and other loans                                                (9,158,615)           (13,850,405)
     Lease payments                                                     (687,061)              (809,461)
     Capital injection from non-controlling shareholders                 340,315                      –
     Dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling
       shareholders                                                     (597,349)              (458,948)
     Proceeds from loans of non-controlling shareholders                  30,000                      –
     Interest paid                                                    (1,006,878)            (1,419,220)


     Net cash outflow used in financing activities                    (9,062,871)           (10,652,341)


     Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents              6,008,802             (6,027,430)


     Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period         18,439,535             16,816,684
     Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and
       cash equivalent                                                     14,776                 47,493


     Cash and cash equivalents as at the end of the period            24,463,113             10,836,747


     The accompanying notes on pages 69 to 116 are an integral part of these interim condensed
     consolidated statements.




68   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
                                             NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM
For the six months ended 30 June 2024
(Amounts expressed in thousands of             CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
RMB unless otherwise stated)                     FINANCIAL INFORMATION

1      GENERAL INFORMATION
       Aluminum Corporation of China Limited (the “Company”) (中國鋁業股份有限公司) and its
       subsidiaries (together the “Group”) are principally engaged in the exploration and mining of
       bauxite resources; production, sales, related technical development and technical services
       of alumina, primary aluminum, aluminum alloy and carbon; power generation business;
       exploration, mining and operation of coal resources; trading and the related transportation
       services.


       The Company is a joint stock company which was established on 10 September 2001 and is
       domiciled in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) with limited liability. The address of
       its registered office is No. 62 North Xizhimen Street, Haidian District, Beijing, the PRC.


       The Company’s shares have been listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
       and the New York Stock Exchange since 2001. The Company also listed its A shares on the
       Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2007.


       On 2 February 2024, the Company has notified the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) of
       its application for terminating the registration of its American depositary shares (the “ADSs”)
       from the NYSE. On 2 May 2024, the application of the termination of ADR registration in
       NYSE has been approved by United States Securities and Exchange Commission.


       In the opinion of the directors, the ultimate parent of the Company is Aluminum Corporation
       of China (“Chinalco”) (中國鋁業集團有限公司), a company incorporated and domiciled in
       the PRC and wholly-owned by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
       Commission of the State Council (“SASAC”).


       The unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial information is presented in thousands
       of Renminbi (“RMB”) unless otherwise stated.


       The unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial information was approved for issuance
       on 28 August 2024.


       The interim condensed consolidated financial information has not been reviewed or audited.




                                                                                   2024 INTERIM REPORT   69
     NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM                                         For the six months ended 30 June 2024
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED                                               (Amounts expressed in thousands of
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)                                            RMB unless otherwise stated)



     2    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND ACCOUNTING POLICIES

          2.1 Basis of preparation

                The unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months
                ended 30 June 2024 has been prepared in accordance with International Accounting
                Standard 34 – Interim Financial Reporting. The Company adopts the going concern basis
                in preparing the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial information.


                The unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial information does not include all
                the information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and should
                be read in conjunction with the Group’s annual report for the year ended 31 December
                2023 and any public announcements made by the Group during the six months ended
                30 June 2024.


          2.2 Accounting policies

                The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed
                consolidated financial statements are consistent with those followed in the preparation
                of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31
                December 2023, except for the following adoption of revised IFRSs effective as of 1
                January 2024.


                Amendments to IFRS 16                 Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
                Amendments to IAS 1                   Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-
                                                        current (the “2020 Amendments”)
                Amendments to IAS 1                   Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the
                                                        “2022 Amendments”)
                Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7        Supplier Finance Arrangements




70   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
For the six months ended 30 June 2024                NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM
(Amounts expressed in thousands of                      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
RMB unless otherwise stated)                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

2      BASIS OF PREPARATION AND ACCOUNTING POLICIES
       (CONTINUED)

       2.2 Accounting policies (Continued)

              The nature and impact of the revised IFRSs that are applicable to the group are
              described below:


              (a)    Amendments to IFRS 16 specify the requirements that a seller-lessee uses in
                     measuring the lease liability arising in a sale and leaseback transaction to ensure
                     the seller-lessee does not recognise any amount of the gain or loss that relates to
                     the right of use it retains. Since the Group has no sale and leaseback transactions
                     with variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate occurring
                     from the date of initial application of IFRS 16, the amendments did not have any
                     impact on the financial position or performance of the Group.


              (b)    The 2020 Amendments clarify the requirements for classifying liabilities as
                     current or non-current, including what is meant by a right to defer settlement and
                     that a right to defer must exist at the end of the reporting period. Classification
                     of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its right
                     to defer settlement. The amendments also clarify that a liability can be settled in
                     its own equity instruments, and that only if a conversion option in a convertible
                     liability is itself accounted for as an equity instrument would the terms of a liability
                     not impact its classification. The 2022 Amendments further clarify that, among
                     covenants of a liability arising from a loan arrangement, only those with which
                     an entity must comply on or before the reporting date affect the classification of
                     that liability as current or non-current. Additional disclosures are required for non-
                     current liabilities that are subject to the entity complying with future covenants
                     within 12 months after the reporting period.


                     The Group has reassessed the terms and conditions of its liabilities as at 1
                     January 2023 and 2024 and concluded that the classification of its liabilities
                     as current or non-current remained unchanged upon initial application of the
                     amendments. Accordingly, the amendments did not have any impact on the
                     financial position or performance of the Group.




                                                                                         2024 INTERIM REPORT    71
     NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2024
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED                                                (Amounts expressed in thousands of
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)                                             RMB unless otherwise stated)



     3    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES
          The preparation of the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial information
          requires management to make judgment, estimates and assumptions that affect the
          application of policies and reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and
          the accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about
          these judgment, assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that require a material
          adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities affected in future periods.


          In preparing these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial information, the
          significant judgment and estimates made by management in applying the Group’s accounting
          policies and the key sources of uncertainty of estimates were consistent with those applied
          to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023.


     4    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

          (a) Revenue

                Revenue recognised during the period is as follows:


                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                2024                   2023


                Revenue from contracts with customers (net of
                 value-added tax) (Note a) :
                 Sale of goods                                         109,581,715            132,928,500
                 Transportation services                                 1,060,455              1,055,201


                                                                       110,642,170            133,983,701


                Revenue from other sources:
                 Rental income                                                75,576                 78,909


                Total                                                  110,717,746            134,062,610




72   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
For the six months ended 30 June 2024                          NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM
(Amounts expressed in thousands of                                CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
RMB unless otherwise stated)                             FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

4      REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

       (a) Revenue (Continued)

              Note a: Revenue from contracts with customers


                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June 2024
                                                                                                      Corporate
                                                                   Primary                            and other     Inter-
                                                      Alumina    aluminum      Energy Marketing operating        segment
                                                      segment     segment    segment      segment segments elimination            Total


              Type of goods or services
              Sales of goods                         31,435,246 68,183,262   4,457,983 89,772,661    1,134,319 (85,401,756) 109,581,715
              Transportation services                         –          –           – 3,620,695             – (2,560,240) 1,060,455


              Total                                  31,435,246 68,183,262   4,457,983 93,393,356    1,134,319 (87,961,996) 110,642,170


              Geographical markets
              Chinese Mainland                       31,435,246 68,183,262   4,457,983 89,821,789    1,134,319 (87,961,996) 107,070,603
              Outside of Chinese Mainland                     –          –           – 3,571,567             –           – 3,571,567


              Total                                  31,435,246 68,183,262   4,457,983 93,393,356    1,134,319 (87,961,996) 110,642,170


              Timing of revenue recognition
              Goods transferred at a point in time   31,435,246 68,183,262   4,457,983 89,772,661    1,134,319 (85,401,756) 109,581,715
              Services transferred over time                  –          –           – 3,620,695             – (2,560,240) 1,060,455


              Total                                  31,435,246 68,183,262   4,457,983 93,393,356    1,134,319 (87,961,996) 110,642,170




                                                                                                              2024 INTERIM REPORT         73
     NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June 2024
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED                                                                        (Amounts expressed in thousands of
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)                                                                     RMB unless otherwise stated)



     4    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

          (a) Revenue (Continued)

                Note a: Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)


                                                                                For the six months ended 30 June 2023
                                                                                                            Corporate
                                                                      Primary                                and other         Inter-
                                                         Alumina    aluminum        Energy Marketing operating              segment
                                                        segment      segment      segment       segment segments         elimination     Total


                Type of goods or services
                Sales of goods                         21,499,987 56,567,705    4,823,564 120,756,082       1,014,322 (71,733,160) 132,928,500
                Transportation services                         –          –            – 3,520,856                 – (2,465,655) 1,055,201


                Total                                  21,499,987 56,567,705    4,823,564 124,276,938       1,014,322 (74,198,815) 133,983,701


                Geographical markets
                Chinese Mainland                       21,499,987 56,567,705    4,823,564 116,952,643       1,014,322 (74,198,815) 126,659,406
                Outside of Chinese Mainland                     –          –            – 7,324,295                 –           – 7,324,295


                Total                                  21,499,987 56,567,705    4,823,564 124,276,938       1,014,322 (74,198,815) 133,983,701


                Timing of revenue recognition
                Goods transferred at a point in time   21,499,987 56,567,705    4,823,564 120,756,082       1,014,322 (71,733,160) 132,928,500
                Services transferred over time                  –          –            – 3,520,856                 – (2,465,655) 1,055,201


                Total                                  21,499,987 56,567,705    4,823,564 124,276,938       1,014,322 (74,198,815) 133,983,701




74   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
For the six months ended 30 June 2024               NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM
(Amounts expressed in thousands of                     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
RMB unless otherwise stated)                  FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

4      REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

       (b) Segment information

              The board of directors have been identified as the chief operating decision makers. The
              board is responsible for the review of the internal reports in order to allocate resources
              to operating segments and assess their performance.


              The board considers the business from a product perspective comprising alumina,
              primary aluminum and energy for the Group’s manufacturing business, which are
              identified as separate reportable operating segments. In addition, the Group’s marketing
              business is identified as a separate reportable operating segment. The Group’s
              reportable operating segments also include corporate and other operating segments.


              The board assesses the performance of operating segments based on profit or loss
              before income tax in related periods. The manner of assessment used by the board is
              consistent with that applied to the consolidated financial information for the year ended
              31 December 2023. Management has determined the reportable operating segments
              based on the reports reviewed by the board that are used to make strategic decisions.


              The Group’s five reportable operating segments are summarised as follows:


              •      The alumina segment, which consists of mining and purchasing bauxite and other
                     raw materials, refining bauxite into alumina, and selling alumina both internally to
                     the Group’s primary aluminum segment and marketing segment and externally to
                     customers outside the Group. This segment also includes the production and sale
                     of multi-form alumina bauxite.


              •      The primary aluminum segment, which consists of procuring alumina and other
                     raw materials, supplemental materials and electricity power, smelting alumina to
                     produce primary aluminum which is sold to the Group’s marketing segment and
                     external customers, including Chinalco and its subsidiaries. This segment also
                     includes the production and sale of carbon products and aluminum alloy and other
                     aluminum products.




                                                                                      2024 INTERIM REPORT   75
     NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2024
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED                                                (Amounts expressed in thousands of
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)                                             RMB unless otherwise stated)



     4    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

          (b) Segment information (Continued)

                •     The energy segment mainly includes coal mining, electricity generation by
                      thermal power, wind power and solar power, new energy related equipment
                      manufacturing business. Sales of coals and energies are mainly to the Group’s
                      internal and external energy consuming customers; electricity is sold to regional
                      power grid corporations.


                •     The marketing segment, which consists of the trading of alumina, primary
                      aluminum, aluminum fabrication products, other non-ferrous metal products,
                      coal products and raw materials and supplemental materials and the provision of
                      logistics and transportation services to internal manufacturing plants and external
                      customers. The products are sourced from fellow subsidiaries and international
                      and domestic suppliers of the Group. Sales of products manufactured by the
                      Group’s manufacturing segments are included in the revenue from external
                      customers of the marketing segment and are eliminated from the revenue of the
                      respective segments which supplied the products to the marketing segment.


                •     Corporate and other operating segments, which mainly include management of
                      corporate, research and development activities and others.


                Prepaid current income tax and deferred tax assets are excluded from segment assets,
                and income tax payable and deferred tax liabilities are excluded from segment liabilities.
                All sales among the reportable operating segments were conducted on terms mutually
                agreed among group companies, and have been eliminated upon consolidation.




76   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
For the six months ended 30 June 2024                              NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM
(Amounts expressed in thousands of                                    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
RMB unless otherwise stated)                                 FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

4      REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

       (b) Segment information (Continued)

                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2024
                                                                                                         Corporate
                                                                 Primary                                 and other          Inter-
                                                  Alumina      aluminum        Energy Marketing          operating       segment
                                                  Segment       Segment      Segment        Segment      segments     elimination          Total


              Total revenue                      31,453,757 68,205,937      4,463,446 93,431,540         1,231,316 (88,068,250) 110,717,746
              Inter-segment revenue             (21,162,976) (27,669,691)        (784) (38,303,341)       (931,458) 88,068,250            –


              Revenue from external
               customers                        10,290,781    40,536,246    4,462,662    55,128,199       299,858               –    110,717,746


              Sales of self-produced products            –             –            –    30,005,741              –              –     30,005,741
              Sales of products sourced from
                 external suppliers                      –             –            –    25,122,458              –              –     25,122,458


              Segment profit/(loss) before
                 income tax (calculated
                 from the total revenue
                 before elimination of inter-
                 segment revenue)                4,271,021     7,595,392      928,547      1,105,734      (376,015)      (555,522)    12,969,157
              Income tax expense                                                                                                      (1,679,335)


              Profit for the period                                                                                                   11,289,822




                                                                                                                      2024 INTERIM REPORT           77
     NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June 2024
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED                                                                             (Amounts expressed in thousands of
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)                                                                          RMB unless otherwise stated)



     4    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

          (b) Segment information (Continued)

                                                                                For the six months ended 30 June 2024
                                                                                                             Corporate
                                                                    Primary                                  and other          Inter-
                                                     Alumina      aluminum         Energy Marketing          operating       segment
                                                     Segment       Segment       Segment        Segment      segments     elimination         Total


                Other items:
                Finance income                         48,540       119,214         8,312         38,586        85,074              –       299,726
                Finance costs                        (321,072)     (437,097)     (202,947)       (57,174)     (579,153)             –    (1,597,443)
                Share of profits and losses of
                   joint ventures                      37,703              –      (21,520)        2,871       189,266               –      208,320
                Share of profits and losses of
                   associates                           (6,772)       2,416        45,810        34,159        28,663               –      104,276
                Depreciation of right-of-use
                   assets (i)                        (188,137)     (249,948)       (11,621)      (78,926)      (33,055)             –     (561,687)
                Depreciation and amortisation
                   (excluding the depreciation of
                   right-of-use assets) (i)         (1,581,964)   (2,067,810)   (1,032,691)      (98,859)      (13,010)             –    (4,794,334)
                Gains/(losses) on disposal of
                   property, plant and equipment
                   and intangible assets               49,889         (3,955)         (160)       5,234           531               –       51,539
                Unrealised gains on futures
                   contracts, net                            –             –             –       44,601        50,099               –       94,700
                Realised losses on futures
                   contracts, net                           –        (9,445)            –      (166,509)       (41,637)             –     (217,591)
                Other income                          222,264       323,137        23,878        53,151          2,467              –      624,897
                Impairment loss on property,
                   plant and equipment                      (2)            –             –             –             –              –            (2)




78   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
For the six months ended 30 June 2024                                NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM
(Amounts expressed in thousands of                                      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
RMB unless otherwise stated)                                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

4      REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

       (b) Segment information (Continued)


                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2024
                                                                                                         Corporate
                                                                 Primary                                 and other         Inter-
                                                  Alumina      aluminum        Energy Marketing          operating      segment
                                                  Segment       Segment      Segment        Segment      segments    elimination        Total


              (Provision)/reversal for
                 impairment of inventories,net         (208)        116             –        (47,500)            –             –      (47,592)
              (Provision)/reversal for
                 impairment of receivables, net     (19,631)        (424)       3,347         2,969              –             –      (13,739)
              Dividends from equity
                 investments at fair value
                 through other comprehensive
                 income                                   –            –            –             –         11,691             –       11,691
              Investments in associates                   –      508,990      756,692       442,758      5,668,504             –    7,376,944
              Investments in joint ventures       1,054,676            –      287,592       105,968      1,946,983             –    3,395,219

             (i)       Depreciation and amortisation is derived from long-term assets within respective segments.




                                                                                                                     2024 INTERIM REPORT         79
     NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June 2024
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED                                                                             (Amounts expressed in thousands of
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)                                                                          RMB unless otherwise stated)



     4    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

          (b) Segment information (Continued)

                                                                                For the six months ended 30 June 2023
                                                                                                              Corporate
                                                                     Primary                                   and other         Inter-
                                                     Alumina       aluminum        Energy      Marketing       operating      segment
                                                    Segment         Segment      Segment        Segment       segments     elimination          Total


                Total revenue                      21,527,329     56,593,269    4,823,564 124,304,747         1,065,791    (74,252,090) 134,062,610
                Inter-segment revenue             (15,590,596)   (19,989,587)     (43,347) (37,906,458)        (722,102)    74,252,090            –


                Revenue from external
                 customers                         5,936,733     36,603,682     4,780,217     86,398,289        343,689              –    134,062,610


                Sales of self-produced products             –              –            –     25,466,120              –              –     25,466,120
                Sales of products sourced from
                   external suppliers                       –              –            –     60,932,169              –              –     60,932,169


                Segment profit/(loss) before
                   income tax (calculated from
                   the total revenue before
                   elimination of inter-segment
                   revenue)                        1,321,638      3,872,307     1,301,388      1,021,431       (525,888)     (271,183)      6,719,693
                Income tax expense                                                                                                         (1,133,237)


                Profit for the period                                                                                                       5,586,456




80   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
For the six months ended 30 June 2024                                 NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM
(Amounts expressed in thousands of                                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
RMB unless otherwise stated)                                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

4      REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

       (b) Segment information (Continued)

                                                                              For the six months ended 30 June 2023
                                                                                                            Corporate
                                                                  Primary                                    and other           Inter-
                                                    Alumina     aluminum         Energy      Marketing       operating        segment
                                                   Segment       Segment       Segment        Segment       segments       elimination         Total


              Other items:
              Finance income                          25,628       52,347         5,391         40,596         36,627                –       160,589
              Finance costs                         (239,335)    (517,335)     (220,365)       (22,706)      (638,579)               –    (1,638,320)
              Share of profits/(losses) of joint
                 ventures                             37,703             –      (32,504)        11,445         61,077                –       77,721
              Share of (losses)/profits of
                 associates                          (28,366)      38,310       (48,306)        14,227         58,757                –       34,622
              Depreciation of right-of-use assets   (202,973)    (257,567)      (52,969)       (61,270)       (29,980)               –     (604,759)
              Depreciation and amortisation
                 (excluding the depreciation of
                 right-of-use assets)             (1,614,477)   (2,132,327)    (962,401)       (64,328)       (32,728)               –    (4,806,261)
              Gains on disposal of property,
                 plant and equipment, and
                 intangible assets, net                  356        4,937          270              45          2,324                –        7,932
              Unrealised gains on futures
                 contract, net                             –             –            –         24,525              –                –       24,525
              Realised gains on futures, net               –             –            –        140,823         40,326                –      181,149
              Reversal/(provision) for
                 impairment of inventories,net        74,233        4,465      (296,078)             –               –               –     (217,380)
              Reversal/(provision) for
                 impairment of receivables, net       (4,337)         (701)          41        238,144             (32)              –      233,115
              Dividends of equity investments
                 measured at fair value through
                 other comprehensive income                –            –            –           2,499         10,051                –       12,550
              Investments in associates              199,466      862,876      903,287         212,748      4,501,969                –    6,680,346
              Investments in joint ventures        1,076,120            –      103,135         298,437      1,881,494                –    3,359,186




                                                                                                                          2024 INTERIM REPORT           81
     NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM                                                              For the six months ended 30 June 2024
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED                                                                    (Amounts expressed in thousands of
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)                                                                 RMB unless otherwise stated)



     4    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

          (b) Segment information (Continued)

                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June 2024
                                                                                                     Corporate
                                                              Primary                                and other          Inter-
                                                Alumina     aluminum       Energy Marketing          operating       segment
                                                Segment      Segment     Segment        Segment      segments     elimination        Total


                Additions during the period:
                Intangible assets                       –         879         943             –            394               –       2,216
                Right-of-use assets                   152           –          12         6,218              –               –       6,382
                Property, plant and equipment   2,080,294   3,502,606     388,381        53,364        277,380               –   6,302,025


                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June 2023
                                                                                                      Corporate
                                                              Primary                                  and other
                                                 Alumina    aluminum       Energy      Marketing       operating Inter-segment
                                                Segment      Segment     Segment        Segment       segments elimination           Total


                Additions during the period:
                Intangible assets                  3,270        5,824         525             –             65               –       9,684
                Right-of-use assets                9,836       54,814      21,580        12,747              –               –      98,977
                Property, plant and equipment    602,904    1,464,937     687,690         2,893          4,025               –   2,762,449




82   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
For the six months ended 30 June 2024                         NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM
(Amounts expressed in thousands of                               CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
RMB unless otherwise stated)                            FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

4      REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

       (b) Segment information (Continued)

                                                                           As at 30 June 2024
                                                                                                    Corporate
                                                               Primary                              and other
                                                 Alumina     aluminum        Energy    Marketing    operating
                                                 Segment      Segment      Segment      Segment     segments           Total


              As at 30 June 2024
              Segment assets                    80,048,906   94,883,413   32,360,879   37,216,975   48,777,785   293,287,958
             Reconciliation:
             Elimination of inter-segment
                receivables                                                                                      (78,226,963)
             Other eliminations                                                                                     (288,913)
             Corporate and other unallocated
                assets:
             Deferred tax assets                                                                                   2,260,040
             Prepaid income tax                                                                                       59,805


              Total assets                                                                                       217,091,927


              Segment liabilities               41,933,175   39,521,167   15,250,295   19,639,558   67,745,672   184,089,867
              Elimination of inter-segment
                 payables                                                                                        (78,226,963)
              Corporate and other unallocated
                 liabilities:
              Deferred tax liabilities                                                                             1,269,191
              Income tax payable                                                                                   1,344,717


              Total liabilities                                                                                  108,476,812




                                                                                                     2024 INTERIM REPORT        83
     NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM                                                                For the six months ended 30 June 2024
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED                                                                      (Amounts expressed in thousands of
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)                                                                   RMB unless otherwise stated)



     4    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

          (b) Segment information (Continued)

                                                                                  As at 31 December 2023
                                                                        Primary                               Corporate and
                                                          Alumina     aluminum        Energy       Marketing other operating
                                                         Segment       Segment      Segment         Segment       segments           Total


                As at 31 December 2023
                Segment assets                          79,710,041   86,505,039   34,010,489      31,061,665      51,684,803   282,972,037
                Reconciliation:
                Elimination of inter-segment
                   receivables                                                                                                 (72,691,061)
                Other eliminations                                                                                                (598,722)
                Corporate and other unallocated
                   assets:
                Deferred tax assets                                                                                              2,022,724
                Prepaid income tax                                                                                                  50,831


                Total assets                                                                                                   211,755,809


                Segment liabilities                     41,806,486   37,053,259   17,761,410      16,836,103      69,836,836   183,294,094
                Elimination of inter-segment payables                                                                          (72,691,061)
                Corporate and other unallocated
                   liabilities:
                Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                         1,436,956
                Income tax payable                                                                                                 826,681


                Total liabilities                                                                                              112,866,670




84   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
For the six months ended 30 June 2024              NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM
(Amounts expressed in thousands of                    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
RMB unless otherwise stated)                 FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

4      REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

       (b) Segment information (Continued)

              The Group primarily operates in Chinese Mainland. Geographical segment information is
              as follows:


                                                               For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                          2024               2023


              Segment revenue from external customers
                – Chinese Mainland                                 107,146,179       126,738,315
                – Outside Chinese Mainland                           3,571,567         7,324,295


                                                                   110,717,746       134,062,610


                                                                       30 June      31 December
                                                                          2024             2023


              Non-current assets (excluding financial assets
                and deferred tax assets)
                – Chinese Mainland                                 145,644,289       146,673,517
                – Outside Chinese Mainland                           4,319,815         2,390,423


                                                                   149,964,104       149,063,940


              For the six months ended 30 June 2024, revenue of approximately RMB32,203 million
              (for the six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB26,328 million) were derived from entities
              directly or indirectly owned or controlled by the PRC government including Chinalco.
              These revenues are mainly attributable to the alumina, primary aluminum, energy and
              marketing segments. There were no individual customers that contributed 10% or more
              of the Group’s revenue during the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023.




                                                                                 2024 INTERIM REPORT   85
     NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM                                               For the six months ended 30 June 2024
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED                                                     (Amounts expressed in thousands of
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)                                                  RMB unless otherwise stated)



     5    INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                         Computer
                                                                                         Software,
                                                                            Mineral     production
                                                                         exploration     quota and
                                              Goodwill Mining rights          rights        others           Total


          Six months ended 30 June 2024
          Opening net carrying amount         3,494,894     7,121,345       998,835      2,111,804     13,726,878


          Additions                                   –             –              –         2,216           2,216
          Transfer from property, plant and
            equipment (Note 6)                        –         8,000         2,402        228,111        238,513
          Disposals                                   –        (1,031)            –              –         (1,031)
          Amortisation                                –      (243,504)            –        (38,852)      (282,356)
          Currency translation differences            –         4,201             –              –          4,201


          Closing net carrying amount         3,494,894     6,889,011      1,001,237     2,303,279     13,688,421


          As at 30 June 2024
          Cost                                3,511,237    11,242,369      1,236,971     3,016,640     19,007,115
          Accumulated amortisation and
           impairment                           (16,343)   (4,353,358)     (235,734)      (713,361)     (5,318,694)


          Net carrying amount                 3,494,894     6,889,011      1,001,237     2,303,279     13,688,421


          As at 30 June 2024, the Group pledged certain mining rights and mineral exploration rights
          with a net carrying value amounting to RMB1,924 million (31 December 2023: RMB1,942
          million) for interest-bearing loans and borrowings as set out in Note 11.




86   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
For the six months ended 30 June 2024                              NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM
(Amounts expressed in thousands of                                    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
RMB unless otherwise stated)                                 FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

6      PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                  Buildings and                    Transportation Office and other Construction in
                                                  infrastructure    Machinery            facilities     equipment        progress            Total


       Six months ended 30 June 2024
       Opening net carrying amount                   45,986,211      53,087,645           843,481         372,676        4,519,879     104,809,892


       Additions                                          48,454        146,522            10,593            4,009        6,092,447       6,302,025
       Disposals                                         (50,072)        (7,324)           (7,408)             (47)        (691,697)       (756,548)
       Government grants                                  (3,000)       (34,256)             (886)               –                –         (38,142)
       Reclassifications and internal transfers          451,592      1,629,580            16,281              637       (2,098,090)              –
       Transfer to intangible assets (Note 5)                  –              –                 –                –         (238,513)       (238,513)
       Transfer to right-of-use assets                         –              –                 –                –          (83,868)        (83,868)
       Impairment loss                                         –             (2)                –                –                –              (2)
       Currency translation differences                    2,493            554                19             (111)               –           2,955
       Depreciation                                   (1,068,102)    (3,178,735)          (88,202)         (19,735)               –      (4,354,774)


       Closing net carrying amount                   45,367,576      51,643,984           773,878         357,429        7,500,158     105,643,025


       As at 30 June 2024
       Cost                                          79,252,693     146,190,692         2,831,456          972,453        8,531,487     237,778,781
       Accumulated depreciation and impairment      (33,885,117)    (94,546,708)       (2,057,578)        (615,024)      (1,031,329)   (132,135,756)


       Net carrying amount                           45,367,576      51,643,984           773,878         357,429        7,500,158     105,643,025


       As at 30 June 2024, the Group pledged certain property, plant and equipment with a net
       carrying value amounting to RMB3,983 million (31 December 2023: RMB4,557 million) for
       interest-bearing loans and borrowings as set out in Note 11.




                                                                                                                        2024 INTERIM REPORT            87
     NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM                                       For the six months ended 30 June 2024
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED                                             (Amounts expressed in thousands of
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)                                          RMB unless otherwise stated)



     7    INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
          Movements in investments in joint ventures and associates are as follows:


                                                                  Joint ventures            Associates


          As at 1 January 2024                                          3,359,186             6,680,346
          Capital injections                                                    –               826,715
          Capital reduction                                                (1,812)                    –
          Share of profits for the period                                 208,320               104,276
          Share of changes in reserves                                     17,651                 7,606
          Disposal                                                        (13,721)             (204,257)
          Cash dividends declared                                        (174,405)              (37,742)


          As at 30 June 2024                                            3,395,219             7,376,944


     8    TRADE AND NOTES RECEIVABLES
                                                                         30 June          31 December
                                                                            2024                 2023


          Trade receivables                                             5,937,879             4,764,075
          Less: impairment                                               (750,669)             (739,750)


                                                                        5,187,210             4,024,325


          Notes receivable
           Measured at amortised cost                                       1,077                  3,719
           Measured at fair value through other comprehensive
             income                                                     3,632,426             2,579,110


                                                                        8,820,713             6,607,154




88   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
For the six months ended 30 June 2024             NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM
(Amounts expressed in thousands of                   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
RMB unless otherwise stated)                FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

8      TRADE AND NOTES RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
       Generally, the Group’s sales were on advance payments or documents against payment and
       only qualified long term customers were granted with credit terms. As at 30 June 2024, the
       ageing analysis of trade receivables based on invoice date was as follows:


                                                                     30 June       31 December
                                                                        2024              2023


       Within 1 year                                               3,244,477           2,095,332
       Between 1 and 2 years                                         862,687             884,681
       Between 2 and 3 years                                         607,913             675,385
       Over 3 years                                                1,222,802           1,108,677


                                                                   5,937,879           4,764,075


       Less: provision for impairment of receivables                (750,669)           (739,750)


                                                                   5,187,210           4,024,325


       As at 30 June 2024, the Group pledged certain trade and notes receivables amounting to
       RMB39 million (31 December 2023: RMB521 million) for issuing notes payable and for
       interest-bearing loans and borrowings as set out in Note 11.


9      SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                     30 June       31 December
                                                                        2024              2023


       Listed A shares                                            13,214,415          13,217,626
       Listed H shares                                             3,943,966           3,943,966


                                                                  17,158,381          17,161,592


       As at 31 December 2023 and 30 June 2024, all issued shares were registered and fully paid.
       Both A shares and H shares rank pari passu with each other.



                                                                                2024 INTERIM REPORT   89
     NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2024
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED                                                                  (Amounts expressed in thousands of
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)                                                               RMB unless otherwise stated)



     10 RESTRICTED SHARES HELD FOR EMPLOYEE SHARE
        SCHEME
                                                        Unlocking of                                    Unlocking of
                                                           restricted                                     restricted
                                       31 December     shares under         30 June                    shares under
                                               2023    the Incentive           2024     31 December    the Incentive    30 June
                                             Shares          Scheme          Shares            2023         Scheme         2024
                                        (thousands)     (thousands)     (thousands)        RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


          Restricted shares held for
             employee share scheme         (138,919)         47,604         (91,315)       (404,685)       146,141      (258,544)


          These shares are held for the 2021 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme (the “Incentive
          Scheme”).


          Expenses arising from share-based payment transactions

                                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                   2024                  2023


          Restricted shares issued under employee share scheme                                  44,664                 50,205




90   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
For the six months ended 30 June 2024            NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM
(Amounts expressed in thousands of                  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
RMB unless otherwise stated)               FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

11 INTEREST-BEARING LOANS AND BORROWINGS
                                                              30 June        31 December
                                                                 2024               2023


       Long-term loans and borrowings
         Lease liabilities                                  9,081,667            9,470,633


         Medium-term notes and bonds (Note (b))
          – Guaranteed                                      7,173,261            7,124,288
          – Unsecured                                       7,528,503            8,563,926
              Medium-Term notes                             4,943,748            6,016,384
              Bonds                                         2,584,755            2,547,542


                                                           14,701,764           15,688,214


         Long-term bank and other loans
           – Secured (Note (a))                             6,537,602            7,262,159
           – Guaranteed                                       612,608              889,632
           – Unsecured                                     34,983,048           34,363,721


                                                           42,133,258           42,515,512


       Total long-term loans and borrowings                65,916,689           67,674,359


       Current portion of lease liabilities                   (787,093)           (794,647)
       Current portion of medium-term notes and bonds       (7,652,621)         (7,286,252)
       Current portion of long-term bank and other loans    (6,813,361)         (9,077,825)


                                                           (15,253,075)        (17,158,724)


       Non-current portion of long-term loans and
         borrowings                                        50,663,614           50,515,635




                                                                          2024 INTERIM REPORT   91
     NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM                                        For the six months ended 30 June 2024
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED                                              (Amounts expressed in thousands of
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)                                           RMB unless otherwise stated)



     11 I N T E R E S T - B E A R I N G L O A N S A N D B O R R O W I N G S
        (CONTINUED)
                                                                          30 June          31 December
                                                                             2024                 2023


          Short-term loans and borrowings
            Bank and other loans
              – Secured (Note (a))                                        355,526                381,195
              – Unsecured                                               3,518,549              7,588,373


                                                                        3,874,075              7,969,568


          Short-term bonds, unsecured (Note (c))                                –              2,006,142
          Current portion of lease liabilities                            787,093                794,647
          Current portion of medium-term notes and bonds                7,652,621              7,286,252
          Current portion of long-term bank and other loans             6,813,361              9,077,825


                                                                       15,253,075             19,164,866


          Total short-term borrowings and current portion of
            long-term loans and borrowings                             19,127,150             27,134,434


          (a) Security for long-term and short-term bank and other loans
                The Group has pledged various assets as collateral against certain secured loans. As at
                30 June 2024, a summary of these pledged assets was as follows:

                                                                          30 June          31 December
                                                                             2024                 2023


                Carrying value of assets pledged:
                Property, plant and equipment (Note 6)                  3,982,901              4,556,620
                Right-of-use assets                                       214,659                223,256
                Intangible assets (Note 5)                              1,924,459              1,942,262
                Trade receivables and notes receivables (Note 8)           38,618                521,361


                                                                        6,160,637              7,243,499



92   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
For the six months ended 30 June 2024                  NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM
(Amounts expressed in thousands of                        CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
RMB unless otherwise stated)                     FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

11 I N T E R E S T - B E A R I N G L O A N S A N D B O R R O W I N G S
   (CONTINUED)

       (b) Medium-term notes and bonds

              Outstanding medium-term bonds and private placement notes of the Group as at 30
              June 2024 are summarised as follows:

                                                                              Effective
                                                                               interest     30 June    31 December
                                           Face value   Currency   Maturity        rate        2024           2023


              2019 Medium-term notes        2,000,000   RMB        2024         4.31%              –      2,047,340
              2019 Medium-term bonds        2,000,000   RMB        2029         4.57%      2,079,442      2,033,967
              2020 Medium-term bonds          500,000   RMB        2025         3.31%        505,313        513,575
              2021 Medium-term notes        1,000,000   RMB        2024         3.21%      1,015,832        999,874
              2022 Medium-term notes        2,000,000   RMB        2025         3.08%      2,024,639      2,053,930
              2022 Medium-term notes          400,000   RMB        2025         2.73%        403,631        408,909
              2022 Medium-term notes          500,000   RMB        2024         2.50%              –        506,331
              2021 Hong Kong Medium-term
                bonds                        500,000    USD        2024         1.74%      3,586,736      3,585,582
              2021 Hong Kong Medium-term
                bonds                         500,000   USD        2026         2.24%      3,586,525      3,538,706
              2024 Medium-term notes        1,000,000   RMB        2027         2.40%        999,434              –
              2024 Medium-term notes          500,000   RMB        2027         2.20%        500,212              –


                                                                                          14,701,764     15,688,214


              Medium-term notes and bonds were issued for capital expenditures and working
              capital, as well as for the purpose of re-financing of the Group’s debts.




                                                                                              2024 INTERIM REPORT     93
     NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2024
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED                                                  (Amounts expressed in thousands of
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)                                               RMB unless otherwise stated)



     11 I N T E R E S T - B E A R I N G L O A N S A N D B O R R O W I N G S
        (CONTINUED)
          (c) Short-term bonds
                Outstanding short-term bonds as at 30 June 2024 are summarised as follows:

                                                                           Effective
                                                                            interest    30 June    31 December
                                                    Face value/Issuance         rate       2024           2023

                Short-term bonds                2,000,000 (RMB’000)/2023     2.30%             –      2,006,142

                                                                                               –      2,006,142

                All the above short-term bonds were issued for working capital requirements.


     12 TRADE AND NOTES PAYABLES
                                                                              30 June          31 December
                                                                                 2024                 2023

          Trade payables                                                   14,392,591              13,635,614
          Notes payable                                                     5,856,704               7,476,104

                                                                           20,249,295              21,111,718

          As at 30 June 2024, the ageing analysis of trade and notes payables based on date of delivery
          of goods and service received was as follows:

                                                                              30 June          31 December
                                                                                 2024                 2023

          Within 1 year                                                    19,495,686              20,456,471
          Between 1 and 2 years                                               360,942                 257,320
          Between 2 and 3 years                                                91,841                 172,491
          Over 3 years                                                        300,826                 225,436

                                                                           20,249,295              21,111,718

          The trade and notes payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled within one
          year or normal business cycle.



94   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
For the six months ended 30 June 2024                NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM
(Amounts expressed in thousands of                      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
RMB unless otherwise stated)                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

13 EXPENSE BY NATURE
                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                               2024               2023


       Purchase of inventories in relation to marketing activities       24,694,470         61,241,967
       Raw materials and consumables used, power and
         utilities, and changes in work-in-progress and
         finished goods                                                  52,618,744         46,550,866
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                  561,687            604,759
       Depreciation and amortisation (other than depreciation
         of right-of-use assets) expenses                                 4,794,334          4,806,261
       Employee benefits expenses                                         6,149,349          5,078,180
       Repairs and maintenance                                            1,486,785          1,074,866
       Transportation expenses                                            3,286,045          3,681,722
       Taxes other than income tax expense                                1,485,287          1,265,291
       Inventory impairment loss                                             47,592            217,380
       Research and development expenses (other than
         employee benefit expenses)                                       1,375,457          1,352,055
       Others                                                               984,539            783,007


                                                                         97,484,289       126,656,354




                                                                                      2024 INTERIM REPORT   95
     NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM                                                        For the six months ended 30 June 2024
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED                                                              (Amounts expressed in thousands of
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)                                                           RMB unless otherwise stated)



     14 OTHER INCOME AND OTHER GAINS,NET

          (a) Other income

                During the six months ended 30 June 2024, other income amounting to RMB625
                million mainly comprised of government grants and additional deduction of input value-
                added tax for advanced manufacturing entities (for the six months ended 30 June 2023:
                RMB179 million). There are no unfulfilled conditions or contingencies attached to the
                grants.


          (b) Other gains,net

                                                                              For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                              2024                   2023


                Realised and unrealised (losses)/gains on
                  futures, net (Note)                                                    (122,891)               205,674
                Gains on disposal of property, plant and
                  equipment and intangible assets, net                                     51,539                   7,932
                Gains on disposal of an associate                                         121,777                       –
                Others                                                                     59,240                  52,814


                                                                                          109,665                266,420

                Note:   The Group does not apply hedge accounting for these futures.




96   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
For the six months ended 30 June 2024                 NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM
(Amounts expressed in thousands of                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
RMB unless otherwise stated)                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

15 FINANCE INCOME/(COSTS)
       An analysis of finance income/(costs) is as follows:


                                                                For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                          2024                2023


       Interest income                                                 299,726             160,589


       Interest expenses                                            (1,531,839)         (1,695,236)
       Less: Interest expenses capitalised in property, plant
               and equipment                                               207                 290


       Interest expenses, net of capitalised interest               (1,531,632)         (1,694,946)
       Exchange (losses)/gains, net                                    (65,811)             56,626


       Finance costs                                                (1,597,443)         (1,638,320)


       Finance costs, net                                           (1,297,717)         (1,477,731)


                                                                         2.60%              4.30%
       Capitalisation rates during the period                       per annum           per annum




                                                                                  2024 INTERIM REPORT   97
     NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2024
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED                                                (Amounts expressed in thousands of
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)                                             RMB unless otherwise stated)



     16 INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                2024                   2023


          Current income tax expense                                      2,088,492              1,113,300
          Deferred income tax expense                                      (409,157)                19,937


                                                                          1,679,335              1,133,237


          Global Minimum Tax

          The Company is within the scope of global minimum tax (“GMT”) under the OECD Pillar Two
          model rules (“Pillar Two”). Subject to tax legislation enacting Pillar Two being passed in the
          jurisdictions where the Company and its subsidiaries operate, the group is liable to pay a top-
          up tax for any deficiency between the minimum tax rate of 15% and the effective tax rate
          per jurisdiction. The Company does not operate in any jurisdiction where Pillar Two legislation
          was effective during the six months ended 30 June 2024 and therefore the Company has no
          related current tax expense associated with GMT.




98   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
For the six months ended 30 June 2024               NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM
(Amounts expressed in thousands of                     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
RMB unless otherwise stated)                  FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

17 EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS
   OF THE COMPANY
                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                2024                 2023


       Profit attributable to owners of the Company                        7,016,492            3,416,724
       Adjustment: cumulative distributions reserved for the
                        period for other equity instruments                  (45,396)             (45,401)


       Adjusted profit attributable to owners of the Company               6,971,096            3,371,323


       For the purpose of the calculation of the basic earnings per share, the profit attributable to owners
       of the Company is adjusted by deducting the cumulative distributions reserved for the period for
       other equity instruments, which were issued by the Group and classified as equity instrument.


                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                2024                 2023


       Shares
       Number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)
         as at 1 January                                                 17,022,673           17,022,673


       Weighted average number of ordinary shares in
        issue (thousands)
        as at 30 June                                                    17,025,356           17,022,673


       Basic earnings per share (RMB)                                          0.409                0.198


       Diluted earnings per share are calculated by adjusting the profit attributable to the owners
       of the Company (exclusive of cumulative distribution reserved for the period for other equity
       instruments) for the dilutive potential common shares and dividing it by the weighted average
       number of common shares of the Company issued and adjusted.


       For the period, due to the dilutive effect of the restricted common shares issued by the
       Company, the diluted earnings per share were RMB0.408 (for the six months ended 30 June
       2023: the diluted earnings per share were equal to the basic earnings per share).

                                                                                        2024 INTERIM REPORT    99
      NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM                                        For the six months ended 30 June 2024
      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED                                              (Amounts expressed in thousands of
      FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)                                           RMB unless otherwise stated)



      18 DIVIDENDS
           On 20 June 2024, the final dividend totaling RMB1,373 million for the year ended 31
           December 2023 was approved by the shareholders at the general meeting of the Company.


           On 28 August 2024, the Board of Directors of the Company proposed to distribute the interim
           dividend for 2024 at RMB0.082 (tax inclusive) per share to all shareholders. The aforesaid
           distribution proposal is pending to submit at the 2024 first extraordinary general meeting of
           the Company for approval.


      19 COMMITMENTS

           (a) Capital commitments
                                                                           30 June          31 December
                                                                              2024                 2023

                 Property, plant and equipment                           4,355,136              4,241,203


           (b) Other capital commitments

                 As at 30 June 2024, the commitment to make capital contributions to the Group’s joint
                 ventures and associates were as follows:

                                                                           30 June          31 December
                                                                              2024                 2023

                 Equity Investments                                      1,616,742              2,143,391




100   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
For the six months ended 30 June 2024           NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM
(Amounts expressed in thousands of                 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
RMB unless otherwise stated)              FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

20 MAJOR NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS OF INVESTING
   ACTIVITIES AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES
                                                          For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                    2024               2023


       Notes receivables endorsed for settlement of
         purchases of property, plant and equipment and
         lease liabilities                                       260,780          1,046,011
       Increase of right-of-use assets                             6,370             96,796


                                                                 267,150          1,142,807




                                                                           2024 INTERIM REPORT   101
      NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM                                 For the six months ended 30 June 2024
      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED                                       (Amounts expressed in thousands of
      FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)                                    RMB unless otherwise stated)



      21 SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND
         BALANCES

           (a) Significant related party transactions

                                                             For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                        2024                   2023


                 Sales of goods and services rendered:


                 Sales of materials and finished goods to:
                   Chinalco and its subsidiaries                  9,870,178              8,686,735
                   Associates of Chinalco                                 –                336,915
                   Joint ventures                                 3,359,544              4,466,386
                   Associates                                       147,891                342,624


                                                                 13,377,613             13,832,660


                 Provision of utility services to:
                   Chinalco and its subsidiaries                    623,509                653,794
                   Joint ventures                                   270,424                169,796
                   Associates                                        11,082                 50,414
                   Associates of Chinalco                             9,789                 13,510


                                                                    914,804                887,514


                 Rental income from:
                   Chinalco and its subsidiaries                       8,571                  9,777
                   Joint ventures                                      6,461                  6,347
                   Associates                                          1,102                    501


                                                                      16,134                 16,625




102   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
For the six months ended 30 June 2024              NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM
(Amounts expressed in thousands of                    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
RMB unless otherwise stated)                 FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

21 SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND
   BALANCES (CONTINUED)

       (a) Significant related party transactions (Continued)

                                                          For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                    2024               2023


              Purchases of goods and services:


              Purchases of engineering, construction
                and supervisory services from:
                Chinalco and its subsidiaries                    977,367            230,616
                Associates                                       105,557             39,477
                Joint ventures                                    60,491             11,844
                Associates of Chinalco                                72                  –


                                                               1,143,487            281,937


              Purchase of social services and logistics
                services from:
                Chinalco and its subsidiaries                    116,353            108,603
                Associates                                             7                  7


                                                                 116,360            108,610


              Purchases of key and auxiliary materials,
                equipment and finished goods from:
                Chinalco and its subsidiaries                    918,113          2,075,718
                Joint ventures                                 1,570,801          1,593,212
                Associates                                       854,631            975,765
                Associates of Chinalco                           122,942            232,257


                                                               3,466,487          4,876,952




                                                                           2024 INTERIM REPORT   103
      NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM                           For the six months ended 30 June 2024
      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED                                 (Amounts expressed in thousands of
      FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)                              RMB unless otherwise stated)



      21 SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND
         BALANCES (CONTINUED)

           (a) Significant related party transactions (Continued)

                                                       For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                  2024                   2023


                 Purchases of utility services from:
                   Chinalco and its subsidiaries            4,100,262              3,126,623
                   Associates of Chinalco                      22,692                 48,252
                   Joint ventures                             490,077                557,626
                   Associates                                 197,733                191,220


                                                            4,810,764              3,923,721


                 Purchases of other services from:
                   Joint ventures                               89,517                 86,813


                 Lease payment to:
                   Chinalco and its subsidiaries              721,676                734,095
                   Associates of Chinalco                         184                    277
                   Joint ventures                               1,742                  1,858
                   Associates                                  27,953                      –


                                                              751,555                736,230




104   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
For the six months ended 30 June 2024               NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM
(Amounts expressed in thousands of                     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
RMB unless otherwise stated)                  FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

21 SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND
   BALANCES (CONTINUED)

       (a) Significant related party transactions (Continued)

                                                                For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                          2024               2023


              New right-of-use assets in current period:
              Additions:
                Chinalco and its subsidiaries                            1,990             59,085


              Interest expense on lease liabilities                    297,847            321,236


              Other significant related party transactions:

              Borrowing from a subsidiary of Chinalco                2,685,060                   –


              Repayment of borrowings from subsidiary of
                Chinalco                                               903,427          2,402,020


              Interest expense on borrowings and discounted
                 notes from a subsidiary of Chinalco                    45,951             42,792


              Interest income on cash and cash equivalents
                 from a subsidiary of Chinalco                          78,806             62,422


              Issurance notes receivable from a subsidiary of
                 Chinalco                                              301,755            534,030


              Discounted notes receivable to a subsidiary of
                Chinalco                                                56,000            117,823




                                                                                 2024 INTERIM REPORT   105
      NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM                                        For the six months ended 30 June 2024
      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED                                              (Amounts expressed in thousands of
      FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)                                           RMB unless otherwise stated)



      21 SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND
         BALANCES (CONTINUED)

           (b) Key management personnel compensation
                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                               2024                   2023


                 Fees                                                           315                     305
                 Basic salaries, housing fund, other allowances
                   and benefits in kind                                       1,789                  1,932
                 Pension costs                                                  259                    245


                                                                              2,363                  2,482


           (c) Balances with related parties
                 Other than those disclosed elsewhere in the unaudited interim condensed consolidated
                 financial information, the outstanding balances with related parties as at 30 June 2024
                 were as follows:

                                                                           30 June          31 December
                                                                              2024                 2023


                 Cash and cash equivalents:
                   A subsidiary of Chinalco                             16,122,388             11,153,554


                 Trade and notes receivables:
                   Chinalco and its subsidiaries                         1,582,414                424,025
                   Associates of Chinalco                                   36,024                 35,423
                   Joint ventures                                           58,794                124,211
                   Associates                                               19,012                    647


                                                                         1,696,244                584,306
                 Provision for impairment of receivables                   (35,799)               (36,530)


                                                                         1,660,445                547,776


106   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
For the six months ended 30 June 2024              NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM
(Amounts expressed in thousands of                    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
RMB unless otherwise stated)                 FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

21 SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND
   BALANCES (CONTINUED)

       (c) Balances with related parties (Continued)

                                                             30 June        31 December
                                                                2024               2023


              Other current assets:
               Chinalco and its subsidiaries                  217,497              84,257
               Associates of Chinalco                           7,004              19,745
               Joint ventures                               1,309,360           1,354,540
               Associates                                      21,833              24,635
               Non-controlling shareholder of
                 a subsidiary and its subsidiaries              6,250                6,250
               Provision for impairment of other
                 current assets                            (1,306,029)         (1,326,507)


                                                             255,915              162,920


              Other non-current assets
               Associates                                     70,190               70,190


              Interest-bearing loans and borrowings
                (including lease liabilities):
                Subsidiaries of Chinalco                   10,801,437           9,108,374
                Associates of Chinalco                          1,106               1,262
                Joint ventures                                  8,633               9,992
                Associates                                          –              54,997


                                                           10,811,176           9,174,625




                                                                         2024 INTERIM REPORT   107
      NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM                                For the six months ended 30 June 2024
      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED                                      (Amounts expressed in thousands of
      FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)                                   RMB unless otherwise stated)



      21 SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND
         BALANCES (CONTINUED)

           (c) Balances with related parties (Continued)

                                                                   30 June          31 December
                                                                      2024                 2023


                 Trade and notes payables:
                   Chinalco and its subsidiaries                   775,996              1,278,475
                   Associates of Chinalco                            9,565                 13,876
                   Joint ventures                                      364                 39,278
                   Associates                                       80,926                123,718
                   Non-controlling shareholder of
                     a subsidiary and its subsidiaries                     –                51,117


                                                                   866,851              1,506,464


                 Other payables and accrued liabilities:
                  Chinalco and its subsidiaries                    889,439                752,558
                  Associates of Chinalco                             4,837                  2,722
                  Associates                                         3,049                  3,558
                  Joint ventures                                     3,182                 20,606
                  Non-controlling shareholder of
                    a subsidiary and its subsidiaries                       –               40,518


                                                                   900,507                819,962


                 Contract liabilities:
                  Chinalco and its subsidiaries                      75,707                  6,089
                  Associates of Chinalco                                145                      –
                  Associates                                            897                    985
                  Joint ventures                                     80,056                 50,496
                  Non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary
                    and its subsidiaries                                  73                       –


                                                                   156,878                  57,570




108   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
For the six months ended 30 June 2024              NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM
(Amounts expressed in thousands of                    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
RMB unless otherwise stated)                 FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

21 SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND
   BALANCES (CONTINUED)

       (c) Balances with related parties (Continued)

              Apart from transactions with Chinalco and its fellow subsidiaries, associates and joint
              ventures of the Group, the Group’s transactions with other state-controlled entities
              include but is not limited to the following:


              •      Sales and purchases of goods and services;


              •      Purchases of assets;


              •      Lease of assets; and


              •      Bank deposits and borrowings.


              These transactions are conducted in the ordinary course of the Group’s business.


              The terms of all balances were unsecured.




                                                                                  2024 INTERIM REPORT   109
      NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2024
      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED                                                  (Amounts expressed in thousands of
      FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)                                               RMB unless otherwise stated)



      22 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

           22.1 Financial risk management

                 (a)   Financial risk factors

                       The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks, including market risk
                       (including foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and commodity price risk), credit
                       risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management program focuses
                       on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimize the potential
                       adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.


                       Risk management is carried out by the treasury management department (the
                       “Group Treasury”) under policies approved by the Board of Directors of the
                       Company. The Group Treasury identifies, evaluates and hedges financial risks
                       through close cooperation with the Group’s operating units.


                       The unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial information does not
                       include all financial risk management information and disclosures required in the
                       annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s
                       annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023.




110   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
For the six months ended 30 June 2024                                  NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM
(Amounts expressed in thousands of                                        CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
RMB unless otherwise stated)                                     FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

22 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

       22.1 Financial risk management (Continued)

              (b)    Liquidity risk

                     The table below analyses the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities
                     as at the end of the reporting period. The amounts disclosed in the table are the
                     contractual undiscounted cash flows.

                                                                        Within 1 year   1 to 2 years   2 to 5 years   Over 5 years         Total


                     As at 30 June 2024
                     Lease liabilities, including current portion          1,304,606      1,247,036      2,386,027     11,612,039     16,549,708
                     Long-term bank and other loans, including
                       current portion                                     6,813,361     11,911,419     17,732,955       5,675,523    42,133,258
                     Medium-term notes and bonds, including
                       current portion                                     7,652,621              –      5,063,400       2,000,000    14,716,021
                     Short-term bank and other loans                       3,874,075              –              –               –     3,874,075
                     Interest payables for loans and borrowings            1,867,884      1,357,315      1,705,868         208,621     5,139,688
                     Financial liabilities included in other payables
                       and accrued liabilities, excluding accrued
                       interest                                            8,575,412              –              –               –     8,575,412
                     Financial liabilities included in other
                       non-current liabilities                                72,885         87,885        254,656        823,650      1,239,076
                     Trade and notes payables                             20,249,295              –              –              –     20,249,295


                                                                          50,410,139     14,603,655     27,142,906     20,319,833    112,476,533




                                                                                                                        2024 INTERIM REPORT        111
      NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM                                                                      For the six months ended 30 June 2024
      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED                                                                            (Amounts expressed in thousands of
      FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)                                                                         RMB unless otherwise stated)



      22 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

           22.1 Financial risk management (Continued)

                 (b)   Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                                                       Within 1 year   1 to 2 years    2 to 5 years   Over 5 years         Total


                       As at 31 December 2023
                       Lease liabilities, including current portion       1,380,471     1,293,892        2,654,699     11,928,822     17,257,884
                       Long-term bank and other loans, including
                         current portion                                  9,077,825     6,609,550       20,245,634      6,582,503     42,515,512
                       Medium-term notes and bonds, including
                         current portion                                  6,712,761     2,900,000        3,210,823      2,000,000     14,823,584
                       Short-term bonds                                   2,000,000             –                –              –      2,000,000
                       Short-term bank and other loans                    7,969,568             –                –              –      7,969,568
                       Interest payables for loans and borrowings         1,684,636     1,395,227        1,238,930        476,107      4,794,900
                       Financial liabilities at fair value through
                         profit or loss                                      24,426              –               –              –        24,426
                       Financial liabilities included other payables
                         and accrued liabilities, excluding accrued
                         interest                                         5,839,060              –               –              –      5,839,060
                       Financial liabilities included in other non-
                         current liabilities                                 82,862         87,885        274,559         858,010      1,303,316
                       Trade and notes payables                          21,111,718              –              –               –     21,111,718


                                                                         55,883,327    12,286,554       27,624,645     21,845,442    117,639,968




112   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
For the six months ended 30 June 2024                NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM
(Amounts expressed in thousands of                      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
RMB unless otherwise stated)                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

22 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

       22.2 Financial instruments

              Fair value

              Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted
              cash and time deposits, trade and notes receivables, other current assets, trade and
              notes payables, financial liabilities included in other payables and accrued liabilities,
              short-term and the current portion of interest-bearing loans and borrowings, interest
              payable and the current portion of long-term payables approximate to their carrying
              amounts largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments.


              Fair values of financial liabilities (other than those with carrying amounts that reasonably
              approximate to fair values and those carried at fair value) are as follows:

                                                   Carrying amounts                   Fair values
                                                  30 June    31 December          30 June    31 December
                                                     2024           2023             2024           2023


              Financial liabilities included
                 in other non-current
                 liabilities                      758,519         776,681        677,618            692,175
              Long-term interest-bearing
                 loans and borrowings,
                 excluding lease liability     42,369,040     41,839,649      40,336,461      40,011,734


                                               43,127,559     42,616,330      41,014,079      40,703,909


              The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are determined as the amount at
              which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing
              parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale.


              The fair values of the financial assets included in other non-current assets and financial
              liabilities included in other non-current liabilities and long-term interest-bearing loans
              and borrowings have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows
              using rates currently available for instruments on with similar terms, credit risk and
              remaining maturities.

                                                                                      2024 INTERIM REPORT     113
      NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM                                                For the six months ended 30 June 2024
      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED                                                      (Amounts expressed in thousands of
      FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)                                                   RMB unless otherwise stated)



      22 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

           22.2 Financial instruments (Continued)

                 Fair value hierarchy

                 The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s
                 financial instruments:

                 Assets measured at fair value

                 As at 30 June 2024                              Fair value measurement using
                                                                   Significant        Significant
                                              Quoted prices in     observable       unobservable
                                               active markets           inputs             inputs
                                                     (Level 1)        (Level 2)          (Level 3)              Total


                 FVPL – Futures contracts              83,053               –                    –             83,053
                 FVOCI – Notes receivable                   –               –            3,632,426          3,632,426
                 Listed equity investments             34,892               –                    –             34,892
                 Other unlisted investment                  –               –            2,137,111          2,137,111


                                                      117,945               –            5,769,537          5,887,482


                 As at 31 December 2023                          Fair value measurement using
                                                                   Significant          Significant
                                              Quoted prices in     observable        unobservable
                                               active markets           inputs              inputs
                                                     (Level 1)        (Level 2)           (Level 3)             Total


                 FVPL – Structured deposit                  –       5,011,969                    –          5,011,969
                 FVPL – Futures contracts                 810               –                    –                810
                 FVOCI – Notes receivable                   –               –            2,579,110          2,579,110
                 Listed equity investments             31,336               –                    –             31,336
                 Other unlisted investment                  –               –            2,127,082          2,127,082


                                                       32,146       5,011,969            4,706,192          9,750,307




114   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
For the six months ended 30 June 2024                        NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM
(Amounts expressed in thousands of                              CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
RMB unless otherwise stated)                           FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

22 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

       22.2 Financial instruments (Continued)

              Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

             Liabilities measured at fair value

              As at 30 June 2024                                       Fair value measurement using
                                                                         Significant        Significant
                                                    Quoted prices in     observable       unobservable
                                                     active markets           inputs             inputs
                                                           (Level 1)        (Level 2)          (Level 3)          Total


              Financial liabilities at fair value
                 through profit or loss:
                 Futures contracts                                 –              –                    –              –


                                                                   –              –                    –              –


              As at 31 December 2023                                   Fair value measurement using
                                                                         Significant          Significant
                                                    Quoted prices in     observable        unobservable
                                                     active markets           inputs              inputs
                                                           (Level 1)        (Level 2)           (Level 3)          Total


              Financial liabilities at fair value
                 through profit or loss:
                 Futures contracts                           24,426               –                    –         24,426


                                                             24,426               –                    –         24,426


              During the six-month period ended 30 June 2024, there was no transfer among level 1,
              level 2 and level 3 fair value measurement.




                                                                                                     2024 INTERIM REPORT   115
      NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2024
      CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED                                                  (Amounts expressed in thousands of
      FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)                                               RMB unless otherwise stated)



      22 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

           22.2 Financial instruments (Continued)

                 Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

                 Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of financial
                 instruments as at 30 June 2024:

                                                                           Significant
                                               Valuation Technique         unobservable inputs


                 Notes receivable              Discounted cashflow         Discount rate
                  30 June 2024                   model

                 Unlisted investments          Discounted cashflow         Discount rate, gross margin,
                  30 June 2024                   model                       sales growth rate


      23 CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
           The Group is a defendant in a number of lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of business.
           While the outcomes of such lawsuits cannot be determined at present, management believes
           that any resulting liabilities will not have a material adverse effect on the financial position or
           operating results the Group.


      24 EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
           The Board of Directors proposed an interim dividend to all shareholders detailed in Note 18.


           On 29 July 2024, the Group repaid three-year senior bonds of USD500 million issued by
           Chalco Hong Kong Investment Company Limited in 2021.


           On 30 July 2024, 41 incentive grantees no longer meet the service condition and 1,882,319
           restricted shares granted under the Incentive Scheme will be repurchased.


           As of the date of this interim report, with the exceptions of the above, no significant
           subsequent event happened.



116   ALUMINUM CORPORATION OF CHINA LIMITED
No. 62 North Xizhimen Street, Haidian District, Beijing, the People's Republic of China (100082)
Tel:   8610 - 8229 8322
Fax: 8610 - 8229 8158
Web: www.chalco.com.cn
