                            Luye Pharma Group Ltd. 綠葉制藥集團有限公司



                                                                2021
                                                                ANNUAL
                                                                REPORT




                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021 年 報
Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
     www.luye.cn

                                                                Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                                                                綠葉制藥集團有限公司
                                                                (incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

                                                                Stock Code: 2186
CONTENTS
02   Company Overview

03   Corporate Information

05   Financial Highlights

06   Chairman’s Statement

08   Management Discussion and Analysis

26   Directors and Senior Management

32   Report of Directors

49   Corporate Governance Report

60   Independent Auditor’s Report

65   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

66   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

67   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

69   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

71   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

74   Notes to the Financial Statements
                           Company Overview


The Group focuses on developing, producing, marketing and selling innovative pharmaceutical products in four of the largest
and fastest growing therapeutic areas in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC” or “China”), the United States (“the U.S.”),
Europe, Japan and other emerging countries or regions, namely oncology, central nervous system (“CNS”), cardiovascular
system, alimentary tract and metabolism. The Group has a portfolio of over 30 products, covering over 80 countries and
regions around the world, including large pharmaceutical markets — China, the U.S., Europe and Japan, as well as fast
growing emerging markets.

The Group has established an extensive nationwide sales and distribution network and sold its products to 30 provinces,
autonomous regions and municipalities throughout the PRC in the year of 2021. The Group’s sales, marketing and
distribution functions are conducted through around 1,000 sales and marketing personnel, a network of approximately 1,780
distributors that collectively enabled the Group to sell its products to over 19,330 hospitals, which comprised approximately
2,230 or approximately 87.0% of all Class III hospitals, approximately 5,600 or approximately 66.0% of all Class II hospitals
and approximately 11,500 or approximately 57.0% of all Class I and other hospitals and medical institutions, in the PRC in
the year of 2021. For international markets, the business of the Group covers 80 countries or regions including the U.S.,
countries in the European Union (“EU”), Japan, Association of Southeast Asian Nations (“ASEAN”), Latin America, Gulf
Cooperation Council (“GCC”) region and other emerging countries or regions. The Group also has strong sales partnerships
with more than 50 partners throughout the world.

The Group’s R&D activities are organised around four platforms in the chemical drug sector — long acting and extended
release technology, liposome and targeted drug delivery, transdermal drug delivery systems and new compounds. The
Group has expanded its R&D capability to biological sector supported by Boan Biotech’s three cutting-edge platforms,
namely Human Antibody Transgenic Mouse and Phage Display Technology, Bispecific T-cell Engager Technology and ADC
Technology Platform. The Group balances clinical development risks by strategically allocating its resources between
proprietary formulations of proven compounds and new chemical entities as well as biosimilars and novel antibodies. The
Group believes that its R&D capabilities will be the driving force behind the Group’s long-term competitiveness, as well as
the Group’s future growth and development.

As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s R&D team consisted of 824 employees, including 73 Ph.D. degree holders and 438
master’s degree holders in medical, pharmaceutical and other related areas. As at 31 December 2021, the Group had been
granted 239 patents and had 90 pending patent applications in the PRC, as well as 612 patents and 126 pending patent
applications overseas.

As at 31 December 2021, the Group had 30 pipeline product candidates in the PRC in various stages of development.
These candidates included 12 oncology products, 12 CNS products and 6 other products.

The Group had 12 pipeline product candidates in the U.S., Europe and Japan in various stages of development.




                                                            02
                                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                 Corporate Information


Board of Directors                                             Nomination Committee

Executive Directors                                            Professor LO Yuk Lam (Chairman)
                                                               Mr. ZHANG Hua Qiao
Mr. LIU Dian Bo
                                                               Mr. CHOY Sze Chung Jojo
  (Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. YANG Rong Bing (Vice Executive Chairman)
Mr. YUAN Hui Xian
                                                               Registered Office
Ms. ZHU Yuan Yuan

                                                               Clarendon House
Non-executive Directors
                                                               2 Church Street
Mr. SONG Rui Lin                                               Hamilton HM 11
Mr. SUN Xin                                                    Bermuda

Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                               Head Office and Principal Places of
Mr. ZHANG Hua Qiao
                                                               Business in the People’s Republic of
Professor LO Yuk Lam
                                                               China
Mr. LEUNG Man Kit
Mr. CHOY Sze Chung Jojo
                                                               No. 15 Chuang Ye Road
                                                               High-tech Industrial Development Zone
                                                               Yantai, Shandong
Company Secretary
                                                               264003
                                                               People’s Republic of China
Ms. LEE Mei Yi

                                                               22/F, Gubei International Fortune Center II
                                                               Hongqiao Road 1438
Authorized Representatives
                                                               Changning District Shanghai
                                                               People’s Republic of China
Mr. YANG Rong Bing
Ms. ZHU Yuan Yuan

                                                               Principal Place of Business
                                                               in Hong Kong
Audit Committee
                                                               Unit 3207, 32/F, Champion Tower
Mr. LEUNG Man Kit (Chairman)
                                                               3 Garden Road
Mr. ZHANG Hua Qiao
                                                               Central
Professor LO Yuk Lam
                                                               Hong Kong


Remuneration Committee

Mr. CHOY Sze Chung Jojo (Chairman)
Mr. ZHANG Hua Qiao
Professor LO Yuk Lam




                                                            03
                                                     Annual Report 2021
                          Corporate Information



Principal Share Registrar and Transfer                   Auditor
Office
                                                         Ernst & Young
Codan Services Limited                                   Certified Public Accountants
Clarendon House                                          Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
2 Church Street                                          27/F, One Taikoo Place
Hamilton HM 11                                           979 King’s Road
Bermuda                                                  Quarry Bay
                                                         Hong Kong

Hong Kong Share Registrar
                                                         Stock Code
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712–1716                                          2186
17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wanchai                                                  Company’s Website
Hong Kong
                                                         www.luye.cn

Legal Advisers
                                                         Principal Bankers
Allen & Overy
9/F, Three Exchange Square                               Bank of China Limited
Central                                                  China Everbright Bank
Hong Kong                                                Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited
                                                         Citibank (China) Limited
Conyers Dill & Pearman
2901 One Exchange Square
8 Connaught Place
Central
Hong Kong




                                                      04
                                             Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                          FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


•      Revenue decreased by RMB339.4 million or 6.1% to RMB5,200.2 million, as compared to the year ended 31
       December 2020.

•      EBITDA decreased by RMB970.2 million or 51.7% to RMB906.9 million, as compared to the year ended 31 December 2020.

•      Gross profit decreased by RMB593.9 million or 14.9% to RMB3,396.7 million, as compared to the year ended 31
       December 2020, and gross profit margin was 65.3%.

•      Net profit decreased by RMB848.1 million or 120.6% to RMB–144.8 million, as compared to the year ended 31
       December 2020.

•      Profit attributable to shareholders decreased by RMB841.0 million or 119.0% to RMB–134.4 million, as compared to
       the year ended 31 December 2020.

•      Research and development expenses decreased by RMB106.7 million or 13.5% to RMB683.2 million, as compared to
       the year ended 31 December 2020. Total research and development costs were RMB1,476.4 million (2020:
       RMB1,258.1 million) of which RMB793.3 million (2020: RMB468.3 million) was capitalised.

•      Earnings per share was RMB–3.90 cents compared to RMB22.17 cents for the year ended 31 December 2020.

•      No dividend was proposed by the Board for the year ended 31 December 2021.

                                                      2017          2018            2019             2020            2021
                                                 RMB Million   RMB Million     RMB Million      RMB Million     RMB Million
                                                   Restated      Restated        Restated


Revenue                                             3,814.8          5,172.5         6,357.9       5,539.6          5,200.2
Gross profit                                        2,963.4          4,049.4         4,879.2       3,990.6          3,396.7
EBITDA                                              1,273.0          1,893.1         2,385.1       1,877.1            906.9
Net profit                                            827.5          1,204.9         1,354.1         703.3           (144.8)
Profit attributable to owners of the Parent           909.6          1,202.2         1,396.2         706.6           (134.4)

Total assets                                       10,876.3         17,702.9        19,407.7      20,630.6         22,582.1
Total liabilities                                   4,191.1         10,082.6        10,487.3      12,531.6         13,468.2
Equity                                              6,685.2          7,620.3         8,920.4       8,099.0          9,113.9


                2020                                                           2021
               4%                                                              3%
                                         Oncology                                                      Oncology
    25%                                                                                   27%
                                         Cardio                     26%                                Cardio
                            40%
                                         Alimentary tract                                              Alimentary tract
                                         and metabolism                                                and metabolism
                                         CNS                                                           CNS
    13%                                                               17%
                                         Other                                          27%            Other
                    18%

                                                               05
                                                       Annual Report 2021
                     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear shareholders,

I would like to report the annual performance of Luye Pharma as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021, as well as
present a brief outlook of the Group in 2022.

As an international pharmaceutical enterprise, Luye Pharma is committed to the research, production and marketing of
innovative drugs. Its business covers more than 80 countries and regions worldwide. The Group focuses on its core strength
therapeutic areas of CNS, oncology and cardio-vascular, and is committed to providing high-quality innovative drugs to
patients worldwide.

In 2021, in spite of the resistance to the growth of the Group’s performance brought by severe pandemic, industry
environment and business challenges, we have been sticking to creating value for our customers, keeping to innovation
strategy, improving the management quality and constantly investing in the future. In actively facing the internal and external
challenges, the Group’s businesses developed steadily, with an operating income of RMB5.2 billion during the reporting
period. Also, the Group has accumulated steadily, and gained many significant achievements in terms of independent
innovation and commercialization.

R&D of New Drugs: Focusing on the three technical platforms of “novel formulations”, “biological antibodies” and “new
therapeutic entity/new chemical entity”, the Group has achieved breakthroughs in various key technologies, and the
transformation of independent innovation achievements has gained remarkable results: Three new products-Rykindo®,
Boyounuo® and Rivastigmine Transdermal Patch were approved; Seven projects-LY03005, goserelin acetate sustained-
release microspheres for injection (LY01005), Prolia (LY06006/BA6101), etc. are in the stage of listing review; Nine projects
are in phase III clinical/critical trials. The Group continues to increase investment in innovative R&D and efficiently promotes
the R&D process of key projects. The total R&D investment was nearly RMB1.5 billion during the reporting period, which was
a substantial increase over the previous year.

Commercialization: During the reporting period, the successive listing of various new products invigorated the Group’s
performance growth. By virtue of the commercial advantages and resources accumulated by the Group for many years, the
Group has rapidly promoted these new products to achieve a number of business milestones in a short period of time, and
accelerated the value transformation of innovation achievements via domestic and overseas authorized cooperation. In
addition, the existing core products keep showing great vitality, and continue to exert their strength in market coverage and
medical insurance access.

Along with the continuous advancement of R&D and commercialization, the Group’s value ecological chain building has
entered a positive cycle, and its ability to cope with uncertainty has been constantly improved. We believe that the
accumulation and efforts in the past years will lay a solid foundation for future breakthrough growth in all respects. We are
very confident that the Group will achieve a new round of rapid growth in the next three years.

As the Group officially enters the “harvest period” of self-developed products, it is expected that 10 new products will be
listed successively in the next two years. Our established strong R&D system, R&D platform and R&D pipeline, and
constantly improving global commercialization system will be our long-term and sustainable core competitiveness, which will
make sufficient preparations for the realization of the value of our upcoming more innovative achievements and the rapid
growth in China and the international dual-cycle market system.




                                                             06
                                                   Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                              CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



The year of 2022 will be a crucial period for the Group to break through. We will adhere to the strategy of “innovation” and
“internationalization”, focus on the core therapeutic areas, accelerate the clinical and listing progress of key research
projects, and take multiple measures to constantly deepen the global commercialization system and operational capacity.
With more innovative products to be listed gradually, the Group will usher a new level of high-quality growth in Chinese and
international markets, and make more value for patients, shareholders and society.

Finally, on behalf of Luye Pharma Group Ltd., I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all shareholders for their
support.




LIU Dian Bo
Executive Chairman
Luye Pharma Group Ltd.

29 March 2022




                                                           07
                                                   Annual Report 2021
                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                    AND ANALYSIS


Business Overview

The Group focuses on developing, producing, marketing and selling innovative pharmaceutical products in four of the largest
and fastest growing therapeutic areas in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC” or “China”), the United States (“the U.S.”),
Europe, Japan and other emerging countries or regions, namely oncology, central nervous system (“CNS”), cardiovascular
system, alimentary tract and metabolism. The Group has a portfolio of over 30 products, covering over 80 countries and
regions around the world, including large pharmaceutical markets — China, the U.S., Europe and Japan, as well as fast
growing emerging markets. During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s business was influenced by the
pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 (“COVID-19”) and global economic fluctuations but still maintained stability. The
Group recorded a decrease in revenue of 6.1% in the year of 2021 as compared to that of 2020. The Group continually
invests in research and development (“R&D”) to maintain its competitiveness, and has a robust product pipeline including 30
pipeline product candidates in the PRC and 12 pipeline product candidates in the U.S., Europe and Japan as at 31
December 2021.



Market Positioning

In China, the Group’s key products are competitively positioned in four key therapeutic areas and have gained top-ranking
market shares measured by revenue. According to IQVIA, oncology-related pharmaceutical products constituted the largest
market in China for pharmaceutical products in the year of 2021. The Group’s portfolio of oncology products includes
Lipusu, CMNa and Boyounuo. Lipusu is the first and only paclitaxel liposome product approved for sale globally as of 31
December 2021. CMNa is a Class I New Chemical Drug and the only China National Medical Products Administration
(“NMPA”, formerly known as the China Food and Drug Administration) approved sensitiser for cancer radiotherapy in China.
Boyounuo is an anti-VEGF humanized monoclonal antibody injection and a biosimilar to Avastin independently developed by
Shandong Boan Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (“Boan Biotech”), a subsidiary of the Company. IQVIA data showed that
cardiovascular system-related pharmaceutical products constituted the fourth largest market for pharmaceutical products in
the PRC in the year of 2021. According to IQVIA, the Group’s key cardiovascular system products, Xuezhikang and
Maitongna, were the most popular natural medicine for the treatment of hypercholesterolaemia and the fourth largest
vasoprotective pharmaceutical product in China in the year of 2021, respectively. According to IQVIA, alimentary tract and
metabolism-related pharmaceutical products constituted the second largest market for pharmaceutical products in the PRC
in the year of 2021. According to IQVIA, the Group was the second largest domestic pharmaceutical manufacturer of oral
diabetic medications in China in the year of 2021. IQVIA data showed that central nervous system-related pharmaceutical
products constituted the fifth largest market for pharmaceutical products in the PRC in the year of 2021. The Group’s
portfolio of CNS products includes Seroquel and Rykindo. The Group’s key product Seroquel was the sixth largest product
in schizophrenia therapeutic area and the largest quetiapine product in terms of sales in the PRC in the year of 2021.
Rykindo was the only Risperidone Microspheres for Injection for sale in China as of 31 December 2021.

For international markets, the Group’s products are mainly positioned in CNS therapeutic area, including Seroquel, Seroquel
XR, Rivastigmine once-daily transdermal patch, Rivastigmine Multi-Day Transdermal Patch (“Rivastigmine MD” or “LY30410”),
Fentanyl patches and Buprenorphine patches.

For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s revenue from cardiovascular system products increased by 42.1% to
RMB1,427.3 million. Revenue from alimentary tract and metabolism products increased by 22.5% to RMB898.5 million.
Revenue from CNS products decreased by 5.5% to RMB1,323.8 million. Revenue from oncology products decreased by
36.7% to RMB1,414.1 million.




                                                           08
                                                 Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Key Products

The Company believes that the Group’s nine key products are competitively positioned for high prevalence medical
conditions that are expected to grow or maintain stably globally.

Lipusu® (力撲素®)
Lipusu is the Group’s proprietary formulation of paclitaxel using an innovative liposome injection delivery vehicle and a
chemotherapy treatment of certain types of cancer. As of 31 December 2021, Lipusu was the first and only paclitaxel
liposome product approved for sale globally. In December 2020, Lipusu has been included in the category B of the new
Catalogue of National Reimbursement Drug List (“NRDL”). All indications of Lipusu, including non-small cell lungs cancer,
ovarian and breast cancer, are reimbursed under the NRDL. The 2020 edition of the NRDL has come into effect in March
2021.

CMNa® (希美納®)
CMNa is sodium glycididazole, a proprietary compound that the Group prepares in injectable form and is indicated for use in
connection with radiotherapy for certain solid tumours. It is a Class I New Chemical Drug and the only NMPA approved
sensitiser for cancer radiotherapy in China. According to NMPA, CMNa was the only glycididazole product available for sale
in China in the year of 2021. An study conducted by an independent third party in 2009 concluded that the use of CMNa for
the treatment of certain cancers increased the probability of complete or partial remission and reduced overall treatment
costs.

Boyounuo® (博優諾®)
Boyounuo was approved to the market by NMPA in April 2021. It is an anti-VEGF humanized monoclonal antibody injection
and a biosimilar to Avastin® independently developed by Boan Biotech. Avastin® has been approved worldwide for the
treatment of non-small cell lung cancer, metastatic colorectal cancer, glioblastoma, renal cell carcinoma, cervical cancer,
ovarian cancer and other solid tumors. Its significant efficacy and safety have been widely recognized. According to the data
from IQVIA, the sales of Bevacizumab injection in China reached RMB6.22 billion in the year of 2021.

Xuezhikang® (血脂康®)
Xuezhikang is the Group’s proprietary natural medicine derived from red yeast rice indicated for hypercholesterolaemia.
According to NMPA, the Group was the only Xuezhikang manufacturer in China as of 31 December 2021. According to
IQVIA, the market for lipid-regulating drugs in China was estimated to be approximately RMB4.6 billion in the year of 2021.
According to IQVIA, Xuezhikang ranked as the most popular natural medicine for the treatment of hypercholesterolaemia and
the fourth most-used lipid-regulating drug in China in the year of 2021.

Maitongna® (麥通納®)
Maitongna is sodium aescinate in injectable form and is indicated for the treatment of cerebral edema and edema caused by
trauma or surgery as well as for the treatment of venous reflux disorder. According to IQVIA, the market for vasoprotective
pharmaceutical products in China was estimated to be approximately RMB3.6 billion in the year of 2021. Maitongna was the
best-selling domestically manufactured sodium aescinate product in China in the year of 2021 and ranked as the third most-
used vasoprotective pharmaceutical product domestically manufactured in China in the year of 2021.

Bei Xi® (貝希®)
Bei Xi is acarbose in capsule form and is indicated for lowering blood glucose in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
According to NMPA, the Group was the only manufacturer of acarbose in capsule form in the year of 2021. According to
IQVIA, the market for acarbose products in China was estimated to be approximately RMB1.3 billion in the year of 2021 and
Bei Xi ranked as the second most popular oral diabetic medication domestically manufactured in China in the year of 2021.
                                                            09
                                                    Annual Report 2021
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Rivastigmine Transdermal Patches (the “Rivastigmine Patch”)
The Rivastigmine Patch is rivastigmine in transdermal patches form approved in China, the U.S., Europe and other emerging
countries or regions, indicated for mild to moderate dementia of the Alzheimer’s type and dementia due to Parkinson’s
disease.

Seroquel® (思瑞康®) and Seroquel XR® (思瑞康緩釋片®)
Seroquel (quetiapine fumarate, immediate release, IR) and Seroquel XR (extended release formulation) are atypical
antipsychotic medicines with antidepressant properties. The main indications for Seroquel are the treatment of schizophrenia
and bipolar disorder. Seroquel XR is also approved in some markets for major depressive disorder and generalised anxiety
disorder. According to IQVIA, Seroquel was the sixth most-used product in schizophrenia therapeutic area and the most-
used quetiapine product in the PRC in the year of 2021. In addition to China, Seroquel and Seroquel XR are also marketed
by the Group in other 50 developed and emerging countries or regions.

Rykindo® (瑞欣妥®)
Rykindo was approved to the market by NMPA in January 2021. It is the first innovative formulation developed under the
Group’s long acting and extended technology platform that received marketing approval. Rykindo is an extended-release
microspheres for injection administered bi-weekly for the treatment of schizophrenia and is the only Risperidone
Microspheres for Injection for sale in China as of 31 December 2021. Rykindo can significantly improve the medication
compliance issues which are common among patients with schizophrenia in relation to oral antipsychotic drugs, and simplify
the treatment regimen. Patients using Rykindo are also expected to have stable clinically effective plasma drug level and can
benefit from more convenient clinical treatment. In December 2021, Rykindo has been included in the 2021 edition of the
NRDL in China.



Research and Development

The Group’s R&D activities are organised around four platforms in the chemical drug sector — long acting and extended
release technology, liposome and targeted drug delivery, transdermal drug delivery systems and new compounds. The
Group has expanded its R&D capability to biological sector supported by Boan Biotech’s three cutting-edge platforms,
namely Human Antibody Transgenic Mouse and Phage Display Technology, Bispecific T-cell Engager Technology and ADC
Technology Platform. The Group balances clinical development risks by strategically allocating its resources between
proprietary formulations of proven compounds and new chemical entities as well as biosimilars and novel antibodies. The
Group believes that its R&D capabilities will be the driving force behind the Group’s long-term competitiveness, as well as
the Group’s future growth and development. As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s R&D team consisted of 824 employees,
including 73 Ph.D. degree holders and 438 master’s degree holders in medical, pharmaceutical and other related areas. As
at 31 December 2021, the Group had been granted 239 patents and had 90 pending patent applications in the PRC, as well
as 612 patents and 126 pending patent applications overseas.

The Group will continue to invest the products in four strategic therapeutic areas — oncology, CNS, cardiovascular and
alimentary tract and metabolism. As at 31 December 2021, the Group had 30 PRC pipeline product candidates in various
stages of development. These candidates included 12 oncology products, 12 CNS products and 6 other products. Also, the
Group had 12 pipeline product candidates in the U.S., Europe and Japan in various stages of development.

Since January 2021, the Group had 3 new drugs approved to the market including Rykindo (approved in China), Boyounuo
(approved in China) and Rivastigmine MD (approved in several European countries). The Group also had 5 new drugs
entering New Drug Application (“NDA”) stage in China including LY03005, BA6101, LY01005, LY021702 and LY01017 (Hong
Kong).

                                                            10
                                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



For global R&D progress:

In January 2021, the Group’s monthly microspheres injection LY03009 commenced phase I clinical trial in Australia.
LY03009 is one of the Group’s key CNS product candidates developed on a long acting and extended-release formulation
platform, indicated for Parkinson’s Disease (PD) and moderate to severe restless legs syndrome (RLS). In January 2022,
LY03009 has been approved to initiate clinical trial in the U.S..

In January 2021, the phase I clinical trial of the Rotigotine Extended Release Microspheres for injection (LY03003) has been
completed in Japan. LY03003 is one of the Group’s key innovative product candidates of CNS developed on a long acting
and extended-release formulation platform. The drug is being developed concurrently in the markets of China, the U.S.,
Europe, Japan and several other countries or regions. It is under phase III clinical trial in China and the U.S.. LY03003
delivers medication by weekly intramuscular injection. This is the first product worldwide to produce long-term Continuous
Dopamine Stimulation (CDS).

In May 2021, the Decentralised Registration Procedures (“DCPs”) in the EU in relation to the Marketing Authorization
Applications (“MAA”) for Rivastigmine MD have been completed. Rivastigmine MD is an innovative delivery system drug
being developed by the Group for the treatment of mild to moderate dementia associated with Alzheimer’s disease. Since
the DCPs has been completed on 21 May 2021, the Rivastigmine MD is now eligible for Marketing Authorizations (“MA”) by
individual member states of the EU involved in the DCPs. In September 2021, the Rivastigmine MD received marketing
authorization in the United Kingdom (“UK”).

In August 2021, the Group has submitted the investigational new drug (“IND”) application for its new CNS drug LY03015 to
the Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) of the U.S. LY03015 is an innovative small molecule compound product indicated
for the treatment of tardive dyskinesia (“TD”) and Huntington’s disease (“HD”), developed by the Group. LY03015 is a new
generation VMAT2 inhibitor, and can reduce the symptoms of TD and HD by inhibiting the release of presynaptic dopamine
(“DA”), preventing the stimulation of supersensitive D2 receptors by DA without blocking D2 receptors in the postsynaptic
membrane.

For China R&D progress:

In January 2021, the marketing registration of Risperidone Microspheres for Injection (II) (“LY03004”, Rykindo) was approved
by NMPA. It was the first innovative formulation developed under the Group’s long acting and extended technology platform
that received marketing approval. Rykindo/LY03004 is an extended-release microspheres for injection administered bi-
weekly for the treatment of schizophrenia.

In March 2021, the clinical trial application of the Group’s Class 2 new drug, Ropivacaine Hydrochloride Liposome
Suspension Injection (“LY09606”), has received formal acceptance from the CDE. LY09606 is a multivesicular liposome
formulation containing Ropivacaine. Its unique multivesicular structure facilitates the sustained release of the encapsulated
drug. LY09606, which can be indicated for postoperative analgesia, is the first Ropivacaine multivesicular liposome injection
product which has applied for clinical trial approval in China. The high technical barriers and complex processes of
multivesicular liposome manufacturing attest to the Group’s strengths in key technologies for liposome research,
development and manufacturing. In May 2021, LY09606 has obtained approval from CDE to initiate clinical trials.

In March 2021, the Group’s Class 1 new drug LPM3480392 injection (“LY03014”) commenced enrolment of subjects in
phase I clinical trial in China. LY03014 is a small molecule Gi protein biased at mu-opioid receptor agonist, indicated for the
treatment of postoperative moderate-to-severe acute pain and breakthrough cancer pain.




                                                             11
                                                     Annual Report 2021
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



In March 2021, a phase III clinical trial of the Group’s Class 1 new chemical entity (NCE) product Anshufaxine Hydrochloride
Extended-release Tablets (“LY03005”) in the treatment of Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) in China met the predefined
endpoints. LY03005 is a new antidepressant agent developed by the new therapeutic entity/new chemical entity (NTE/NCE)
technology platform of the Group. Studies reveal that Anshufaxine is a serotonin (5-HT)-norepinephrine (NE)-dopamine (DA)
reuptake inhibitor (SNDRIs). In June 2021, the marketing authorization application of LY03005 has been accepted by CDE.
In March 2022, LY03005 has been approved by the CDE to initiate phase III clinical trial for the treatment of generalized
anxiety disorder.

In September 2021, the innovative formulation Goserelin Acetate Extended-release Microspheres for Injection (“LY01005”)
completed phase III clinical trial for the treatment of prostate cancer in China. LY01005 is the Group’s monthly extended
release microspheres for intramuscular formulation of goserelin acetate, a gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist, using
the Group’s microspheres technology platform. As a first-line drug for the treatment of prostate cancer, the only dosage form
of goserelin currently on the market is a subcutaneous implant. LY01005, through innovative microsphere technology, can
effectively reduce the adverse reactions at the injection site, improve the patient’s medication experience, reduce the difficulty
of nursing, and improve the patient’s tolerance and compliance, which is more beneficial for the therapeutic effect of the
drug and has obvious clinical advantages. In December 2021, the marketing authorization application for LY01005 has been
accepted by CDE for the treatment of prostate cancer in China. Concurrently with this application, the Group is also
undertaking phase III clinical trials for LY01005 for treatment of breast cancer in China.

In September 2021, LY03015 has obtained the approval from CDE to initiate clinical trial in China.

In October 2021, LY03009 has obtained the approval from CDE to initiate clinical trial in China.

In January 2022, the marketing authorization application for the Group’s analgesic product under development, oxycodone
and naloxone extended-release tablets (“LY021702”), has been accepted by CDE in China. LY021702 is the first oxycodone
and naloxone extended release tablet product that has high technical barriers developed by a Chinese company. It consists
of oxycodone hydrochloride, a strong opioid receptor agonist, and naloxone hydrochloride, an opioid antagonist, for the
treatment of moderate to severe chronic pain that cannot be effectively controlled by non-opioids, with pain relief lasting up
to 12 hours. It has a deterrent feature regarding opioid abuse and can relieve gastrointestinal adverse effects such as opioid-
induced constipation.

In March 2022, the Group has submitted a NDA for Lurbinectedin (LY01017) for injection, a product of the Group licensed in
from Pharma Mar, S.A. (“PharmaMar”) in Hong Kong, China, for the treatment of adult patients with metastatic small cell lung
cancer (“SCLC”) with disease progression on or after receiving platinum-based chemotherapy. To date, Lurbinectedin has
received the accelerated approval in the U.S., and provisional marketing approval in Australia, the United Arab Emirates,
Canada, and Singapore.

For Boan Biotech:

In January 2021, all subjects under the phase I clinical trial in China for LY-CovMab completed enrolment with LY-CovMab.
LY-CovMab is an innovative biological antibody product indicated for COVID-19, developed by Boan Biotech. Severe acute
respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV2) is the virus that causes COVID-19. LY-CovMab is a fully human
monoclonal neutralizing antibody, which showed good effects for both therapeutic and prophylactic venues against SARS-
CoV-2 infection. In May 2021, LY-CovMab completed phase I clinical trial in China. The results indicated that LY-CovMab
has a good safety and tolerability profile. According to the results of in vitro virus neutralization activity and human serum
drug concentration at different blood collection time points in phase I clinical trials, preliminary results showed that LY-
CobMab is able to inhibit infections of Alpha, Delta, Gamma and Lambda strains. In August 2021, LY-CovMab has been
approved by the CDE to initiate phase II clinical trial in China.


                                                              12
                                                    Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



In January 2021, the last dosing for all subjects in phase III clinical of Boan Biotech’s recombinant anti-RANKL fully human
monoclonal antibody injection (Denosumab injection, Prolia® biosimilar, “LY06006/BA6101”) in China has been completed. In
October 2021, the marketing authorization application for BA6101 has been accepted by CDE in China. In the meanwhile,
the Denosumab Injections (Prolia® biosimilar, BA6101/Xgeva® biosimilar, BA1102) are undergoing phase I clinical trials in
Europe.

In February 2021, the recombinant human vascular endothelial growth factor receptor antibody fusion protein ophthalmic
injection (Aflibercept intraocular injection solution, Eylea® biosimilar, “LY09004”) of Boan Biotech completed the first patient
dosing in phase III clinical trial in China.

In February 2021, the clinical trial application of Nivolumab injection (“BA1104”) of Boan Biotech has been formally accepted
by the CDE in China. BA1104 is the first applied biosimilar to OPDIVO® according to Registration Classification 3.3 of
Biological Product. In May 2021, BA1104 has obtained the approval from NMPA to initiate clinical trials.

In May 2021, the marketing registration in relation to the Bevacizumab injection (Boyounuo) product of Boan Biotech has
been approved by NMPA for the treatment of advanced, metastatic or recurrent non-small cell lung cancer and metastatic
colorectal cancer. It is the first antibody drug developed by Boan Biotech which received marketing approval. In July 2021,
Boyounuo has been approved by NMPA for the treatment of recurrent glioblastoma. In February 2022, Boyounuo has been
approved by NMPA for the treatment of epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer, and cervical cancer.

In September 2021, the Dulaglutide injection (“BA5101”) of Boan Biotech has obtained the approval from CDE to initiate
clinical trial in China. As the biosimilar to Trulicity®, BA5101 injection is indicated for glycemic control in adults with type 2
diabetes mellitus.

In October 2021, BA1105, an innovative antibody discovered and developed by Boan Biotech, has obtained the approval
from CDE to initiate clinical trial in China. BA1105 is a recombinant antiClaudin 18.2 fully human IgG1 monoclonal antibody,
which introduces amino acid site-directed mutations through the Fc region to enhance the ADCC effect. Enhanced ADCC
effect can improve the tumor-killing efficacy of BA1105, so this product has potential to become the best targeted drug for
the similar treatment of metastatic pancreatic cancer, advanced gastric cancer and adenocarcinoma of the esophagogastric
junction and other potentially beneficial cancers.

In December 2021, BA1201, an innovative antibody discovered and developed by Boan Biotech, has obtained the approval
from CDE to initiate clinical trial in China. BA1201 is an anti-PD-L1/TGF-β bispecific antibody fusion protein for the treatment
of advanced solid tumors and other indications. BA1201 can not only inhibit PD-L1/PD-1 signaling pathway but also inhibit
TGF-β/TGF-βRII signaling pathway, which can eliminate immunosuppression and restore the immune system to target tumor
cells for killing, making it more potent than anti-PD-L1 monoclonal antibodies.




                                                              13
                                                      Annual Report 2021
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Third parties’ investment in Boan Biotech
As disclosed in the Company’s announcements dated 28 December 2020, 4 January 2021, 18 January 2021, 26 January
2021, 26 August 2021, 13 September 2021 and 30 September 2021, Boan Biotech received a total of RMB1,087.5 million
from more than 20 reputable Chinese and international investors during the year ended 31 December 2021, demonstrating
their belief in the company’s research and innovation strength and their confidence in its potentials. Such investments will
help Boan Biotech accelerate the clinical development of its innovative antibody and biosimilar products, enhancing
competitive strengths and facilitating rapid, stable growth. Upon completion of these third parties’ investments, the Group
held approximately 72.3% equity interest in Boan Biotech. The capital raised has been allocated or utilised to finance Boan
Biotech’s principal business, including but not limited to its R&D activities and to fund its daily operations.



Sales, Marketing and Distribution

For global market:

The business of the Group covers 80 countries or regions including the U.S., countries in the EU, Japan, ASEAN, Latin
America, GCC region and other emerging countries or regions. The Group also has strong sales partnerships with more than
50 partners throughout the world.

In March 2021, the Group has granted Italfarmaco Group (“Italfarmaco”) the exclusive rights to commercialize Rivastigmine
MD in Germany, Italy, Portugal and Greece. Italfarmaco will also have a preferential right to market Rivastigmine MD in Chile
and Vietnam. Italfarmaco is required to make an upfront payment to the Group upon the signing of the relevant agreement
as well as additional payments when certain sales milestones are achieved. The Group is also eligible to receive royalties
from Italfarmaco.

In August 2021, the Group has entered into an agreement with Zuellig Pharma, a leading healthcare service group in Asia,
under which the Company has agreed to grant Zuellig Pharma exclusive rights to distribute Seroquel (quetiapine fumarate,
immediate release) and Seroquel XR (extended release formulation) in Malaysia and Brunei.

In September 2021, the Group has granted ESTEVE Pharmaceuticals S.A. (“ESTEVE”) the exclusive rights to commercialize
Rivastigemine MD in Spain.

In November 2021, the Group has granted Zambon Switzerland (“Zambon”) the exclusive rights to commercialize
Rivastigmine MD in Switzerland.




                                                            14
                                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



For China market:

The Group has established an extensive nationwide sales and distribution network and sold its products to 30 provinces,
autonomous regions and municipalities throughout the PRC in the year of 2021. The Group’s sales, marketing and
distribution functions are conducted through around 1,000 sales and marketing personnel, a network of approximately 1,780
distributors that collectively enabled the Group to sell its products to over 19,330 hospitals, which comprised approximately
2,230 or approximately 87.0% of all Class III hospitals, approximately 5,600 or approximately 66.0% of all Class II hospitals
and approximately 11,500 or approximately 57.0% of all Class I and other hospitals and medical institutions, in the PRC in
the year of 2021. The Group believes that its sales and marketing model and extensive coverage of hospitals and other
medical institutions represent a significant competitive advantage and a culmination of both academic promotions by the
Group’s in-house personnel in different regions and partnerships with high-quality distributors across China. The Group also
believes that its sales and marketing model provides a solid foundation for the Group to continue to enhance market
awareness of its brand and expand the market reach of its products.

In December 2020, Lipusu, being the Group’s paclitaxel formulation with innovative liposome delivery system, has been
included in the category B of the new Catalogue of NRDL. All indication of Lipusu, including non-small cell lungs Cancer,
ovarian and breast cancer, are reimbursed under the NRDL. The 2020 edition of the NRDL has come into effect in March
2021.

In May 2021, Boan Biotech granted AstraZeneca the exclusive promotion rights in relation to Boyounuo (“LY01008”,
Bevacizumab injection) in the county markets of several provinces, cities and autonomous regions in mainland China. Under
the abovementioned partnership, Boan Biotech and AstraZeneca will work closely together, playing to the strengths of each
other, to consolidate and expand the business and market coverage of Boyounuo and enable more patients to benefit from
the drug in China.

In December 2021, Rykindo has been included in the 2021 edition of the NRDL. This drug, an intramuscular injection
administered once every two weeks, is used to treat clear positive or negative symptoms of acute and chronic schizophrenia
as well as various other psychotic disorders. It can alleviate the affective symptoms associated with schizophrenia.



Business Collaborations

In February 2021, the Group granted Towa Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Towa”) the exclusive right to develop and
commercialize a new drug, Rivastigmine MD in Japan. Towa will make an upfront payment to the Group upon signing of the
relevant agreement, and will make further payments to the Group upon achievement of certain development, regulatory and
sales milestones in relation to Rivastigmine MD. Towa will also make royalty payments on the sales Rivastigmine MD to the
Group. In addition, Rivastigmine MD, as a new drug, is expected to enter into phase III clinical trials in Japan and Towa will
bear all costs and expenses related to clinical studies and registration purposes in Japan.

As mentioned above, the Group has granted Italfarmaco the exclusive rights to commercialize Rivastigmine MD in Germany,
Italy, Portugal and Greece in March 2021. Italfarmaco will also have a preferential right to market Rivastigmine MD in Chile
and Vietnam. The Group has granted Esteve the exclusive rights to commercialize the Rivastigmin MD in Spain in September
2021. The Group has also granted Zambon the exclusive rights to commercialize the Rivastigmin MD in Switzerland in
November 2021. Boan Biotech has granted AstraZeneca the exclusive promotion rights of Boyounuo in the county markets
of several provinces, cities and autonomous regions in mainland China in May 2021.




                                                            15
                                                    Annual Report 2021
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



In December 2021, the Group has granted Changchun GeneScience Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. exclusive commercialization
rights of Rivastigmine Transdermal Patches in mainland China. The Group will receive an upfront payment of RMB70 million,
and the total payment of this agreement is up to RMB216 million.

In February 2022, the Group has entered into an agreement with Chengdu Biostar Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Beijing Biostar Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Biostar”) in relation to their collaboration in the promotion of natural
microbial small molecule anti-tumor drug and national class 1 new drug 優替帝® (generic name: Utidelone injection) in 26
provinces in mainland China. Utidelone injection, the first epothilone antitumor innovative drug in China independently
developed by Biostar, was approved by NMPA in 2021 for the treatment of recurrent or metastatic advanced breast cancer,
and has been included in the “Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology (中國臨床腫瘤學會) (“CSCO”) Guidelines for the
Diagnosis and Treatment of Breast Cancer (2021 Edition)” (“CSCO Guidelines”) and “Guidelines for Clinical Diagnosis and
Treatment of Advanced Breast Cancer in China (2020 Edition)”. In addition, clinical studies related to multiple new indications
of Utidelone injection are also in progress, involving the treatment of various advanced solid tumors such as non-small cell
lung cancer, digestive tract tumors, gynecological tumors, and head and neck tumors.



Manufacturing

For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group has been working on establishing a global quality control and quality
assurance system as well as information platform to ensure the successful integration of the Group’s global manufacturing
facility system. The manufacturing facility of LY01008 (Boyounuo) has successfully passed the inspection by NMPA. The
manufacturing site for transdermal patches in Miesbach, Germany, maintained full capacity and met all customer demands in
2021 despite the COVID-19 related constraints on supply chain & logistics in many countries around where customers or
suppliers reside. Customer audits during 2021 were performed with very few exceptions remotely and underlined the
compliance with GMP standards. Several new customers were on-boarded during the reporting period and their products
were launched in accordance with the timelines required by the customers.



Industry Policy Risk

Volume-based Procurement (“VBP”)
In the past two years, Chinese medical insurance policy had undergone substantial changes. The National Healthcare
Security Administration (“NHSA”) of China has organised several rounds of VBP. In the round of “4+7” VBP, 25 drugs won
the bid with an average price cut of 51.0%. In the first round of national VBP in the “Alliance area”, the 25 products cut price
24.0% on average compared with the first round of “4+7” VBP. While in the second round of national VBP in 31 provinces
and cities in January 2020, another 32 drugs won the bid with an average price cut of 55.0%.

The Group’s major product Bei Xi was included in the second round of national VBP with a price cut of approximately
60.0%. Even if the sales volume will significantly increase, there would still be an uncertainty in relation to its sales value
growth.

In the third round of national VBP organised in August 2020, there are 56 products on the procurement list. Quetiapine
fumarate, immediate release was included in the list and the Group’s product Seroquel, as the originator, did not win the
bidding. Three generic products won the bidding with a price cut of approximately 60.0%.




                                                              16
                                                   Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



In the fourth round of national VBP in February 2021, there are 45 products on the procurement list. Quetiapine extended
release formulation was included in the list and the Group’s product Seroquel XR, as the originator, did not win the bidding.
Three generic products won the bidding with a price cut of approximately 60.0%.

In the fifth round of national VBP in June 2021, there are 62 products on the procurement list. The Group’s products were
not included in this round of procurement.

With the further advancement of medical reform, VBP is expected to become the core task of NHSA. It is generally believed
that the drug VBP is expected to be fully implemented and become the standard practice in China.

National Reimbursement Drug List Adjustment
For the NRDL, a yearly dynamic adjustment has becoming the new normal. Hundreds of exclusive products have been
included in the NRDL by the negotiation with NHSA in the past two years. In 2019, exclusive products successfully included
in the NRDL by the negotiation had an average price cut of 60.7%. In 2020, exclusive products successfully included in the
NRDL by the negotiation had an average price cut of 50.6%. Lipusu has been included in the 2020 edition of the NRDL with
a price cut of 67%. Even if the sales volume will significantly increase, there would still be an uncertainty in relation to its sales
value growth. In 2021, exclusive products successfully included in the NRDL by the negotiation had an average price cut of
61.7%.



Outlook

In the year of 2021, the Group’s business was influenced by the Chinese medical insurance policy, market factors as well as
the pandemic of COVID-19, and has recorded a decrease in revenue of 6.1% according to the IQVIA.

Since it is a highly competitive industry, inevitably all the pharmaceutical companies are facing intense competition from other
market participants. Furthermore, the industry is highly constrained by the government policy, which may cause great
uncertainty during the pharmaceutical companies’ developments. In recent years, policies such as VBP and NRDL have
been creating significant impacts to the industry.

However, the Group continued to introduce measures to enhance efficiency in key aspects of its operations. With respect to
its sales and marketing activities, the Group will continue to undertake a series of changes and initiatives to enable it to focus
its marketing and promotion resources on the regions and products where marketing and promotion expenditure yields
higher returns, thereby increasing its overall sales efficiency. The Group also intends to increase its profitability through
production efficiency. In addition, the Group intends to further strengthen its R&D capabilities and develop its pipeline
product candidates.

In December 2020, Lipusu, being the Group’s paclitaxel formulation with innovative liposome delivery system, has been
included in the category B of the new Catalogue of NRDL. All indications of Lipusu, including non-small cell lungs Cancer,
ovarian and breast cancer, are reimbursed under the NRDL. The inclusion of Lipusu in the NRDL demonstrates that NHSA
recognizes, among other factors, the clinical value, patients benefit and novelty of Lipusu. This will also allow more patients
to be able to afford Lipusu, increase its penetration into the relevant indications, and provide momentum to its long-term
growth.




                                                                17
                                                        Annual Report 2021
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



The Group has also made significant efforts on the academic studies of the marketed products. The Group’s major product
Lipusu has been recommended under the CSCO Guidelines on diagnosis and treatment of breast cancer for first-line rescue
chemotherapy for Her2-negative advanced breast cancer and also as a first-line drug on diagnosis and treatment of primary
lung cancer. The Group believes that the inclusion of Lipusu in the CSCO Guidelines represents a high recognition of its
clinical value, which will significantly increase its penetration into the relevant indications.

In January 2021, the marketing registration of Risperidone Microspheres for Injection (II) (“LY03004”, Rykindo) has been
approved by NMPA. It is the first innovative formulation developed under the Group’s long acting and extended technology
platform that received marketing approval. Rykindo is an extended-release microspheres for injection administered bi-weekly
for the treatment of schizophrenia.

Compared to orally administered antipsychotics, long-acting formulations do not require daily administration, and are thus
better received by patients and could lower the sense of self-stigmatization associated with their diseases. Patients are also
less unlikely to skip drug administration, and face a lower risk of drug overdose with long-acting drugs. Patients using long-
acting injectables have steady plasma drug levels and will not suffer an immediate relapse when drugs are not administered
in a timely manner due to a slower drop of plasma drug level. Rykindo can significantly improve the medication compliance
issues which are common among patients with schizophrenia in relation to oral antipsychotic drugs, and simplify the
treatment regimen.

Rykindo also has several advantages over another marketed long-acting injectable drug. For example, unlike the reference
drug, there is no need for administration of the oral formulation following the first injection of Rykindo. Furthermore, steady
plasma drug levels can be reached much faster with Rykindo than with the reference product. Thus, patients at acute phase
who are less compliant and cooperative can benefit from the fast symptom control afforded by Rykindo. After the
discontinuation of use, the concentration of Rykindo in human body drops markedly faster than that of the reference drug,
making it convenient for doctors to adjust dosage according to patients’ conditions. Patients using Rykindo also have stable
clinically effective plasma drug level and can benefit from more convenient clinical treatment as a result.

In December 2021, Rykindo has been included in the 2021 edition of the NRDL, which will bring new hope to about 10
million schizophrenia patients in China.

In May 2021, the marketing registration in relation to the Bevacizumab injection (“LY01008”, Boyounuo) product of Boan
Biotech has been approved by NMPA for the treatment of advanced, metastatic or recurrent non-small cell lung cancer and
metastatic colorectal cancer. It is the first antibody drug developed by Boan Biotech which received marketing approval. In
July 2021, LY01008 has been approved by NMPA for the treatment of recurrent glioblastoma. In February 2022, Boyounuo
has been approved by NMPA for the treatment of epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer, and cervical
cancer. Boyounuo is an anti-VEGF humanized monoclonal antibody injection and a biosimilar to Avastin independently
developed by Boan Biotech. The significant efficacy and safety of Bevacizumab injection have been widely recognized in the
world. According to the data from IQVIA, global sales of Bevacizumab injection were USD6.09 billion, and sales in China
were RMB3.63 billion in 2020.

In May 2021, Rivastigmine MD is eligible for marketing authorization by individual member states in the EU. In September
2021, the Rivastigmine MD received marketing authorization in the UK.

Rivastigmine MD is a twice-weekly innovative patch formulation of Rivastigmine for the treatment of mild to moderate
dementia associated with Alzheimer’s disease. The product was developed by the Group on its proprietary transdermal
patch platform and is one of the Group’s core products in the central nervous system therapeutic field.




                                                             18
                                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Rivastigmine is in a class of medicines called cholinesterase inhibitors. Such medicines can improve cognitive functions, such
as memory and thinking, by increasing the amount of a certain natural substance in the brain and amplifying the
communication channels between nerve cells, which are less active in individuals with mild to moderate Alzheimer’s disease.
The drug is currently available in the form of tablets and patches.

Rivastigmine MD requires lower frequency of application than the Rivastigmine once-daily patches generally available in the
market, enabling it to improve patients’ medication adherence. Due to its transdermal route of administration, Rivastigmine
MD is convenient for patients who have difficulty in swallowing, and it might have the potential to lower the incidence of
gastrointestinal adverse reactions such as nausea and vomiting compared with the oral form. The Group has filed, and has
been granted, a portfolio of international patents protecting Rivastigmine MD.

In addition to Rykindo, Boyounuo and Rivastigmine MD, for the past year, the Group has made remarkable progresses in
R&D fields. In China, the marketing authorization application of LY03005, BA6101, LY01005 and LY021702 has been
accepted by CDE; marketing authorization application of LY01017 has submitted in Hong Kong, China; LY09004 entered
into phase III clinical trial; LYCovMab entered into phase II clinical trial; LY03014, LY09606, BA1104, BA5101, BA1105,
LY03009 and BA1201 entered into phase I clinical trial. Internationally, LY03003 completed phase I clinical trial in Japan;
LY03009 commenced phase I clinical trial in Australia; LY03009 has been approved to initiate clinical trial in the U.S.;
LY03015 has submitted the IND application in the U.S.

For sales and distribution of oncology products, with the Lipusu included in the NRDL, the Group will deepen the penetration
of market coverage into lower-tier hospitals. In addition, Utidelone injection will synergize with the Group’s existing resources
and advantages in the field of oncology to benefit more patients, and is also expected to enhance the Group’s product
portfolio in complement with its anti-tumor products, accelerating the Group’s layout and development in this field. For sales
and distribution of CNS products, the Group has built a CNS sales team of over 110 representatives. With the market
synergy of Seroquel and Seroquel XR, Rykindo approved to be marketed and included in the latest NRDL in China will
become the Group’s new growth points. For global markets, the Group will continuously search regional partners. The
Group’s Rivastigmine MD has been approved in EU and UK market, it will contribute to the growth of the Group’s global
sales.

Boan Biotech has also established a sales and marketing team to commercialize Boyounuo in the principal markets of China.
In the meanwhile, Boan Biotech granted AstraZeneca the exclusive promotion rights of Boyounuo in the county markets of
several provinces, cities and autonomous regions in mainland China in May 2021. Boan Biotech and AstraZeneca will work
closely together, playing to the strengths of each other, to consolidate and expand the business and market coverage of
Boyounuo and enable more patients to benefit from the drug in China. Additionally, Boan Biotech has developed more than
10 innovative antibody products with international intellectual property protection and biosimilar products. Its diversified
products will also contribute to the long term growth of the Group.

Looking forward to the whole year, significant changes have taken place for the macro-economic environment. The
resurgence of COVID-19, the global economic fluctuations and policy changes have brought new challenges to the daily
operation of the industry. Facing these challenges, the Group needs to further improve the management efficiency and place
additional efforts to the R&D of key products, speeding up the launch of the pipeline product candidates. Externally, the
Group will keep penetrating into the domestic and international markets and actively seek for cooperation opportunities with
third parties to ensure the business maintains high-quality and healthy growth.




                                                              19
                                                      Annual Report 2021
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Financial Review

Revenue
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB5,200.2 million, as compared
to RMB5,539.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing a decrease of approximately RMB339.4 million,
or 6.1%. The decrease was mainly attributable to a decrease of sales from certain products as further elaborated below.

For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s revenue from sales of oncology products decreased to RMB1,414.1
million, as compared to RMB2,235.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing a decrease of
approximately RMB821.1 million, or 36.7%, primarily attributable to the decrease in average selling price of various key
oncology products of the Group.

For the year ended 31 December 2021, revenue from sales of cardiovascular system products increased to RMB1,427.3
million, as compared to RMB1,004.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing an increase of
approximately RMB422.8 million, or 42.1%, primarily attributable to the increase in sales volume of various cardiovascular
system products of the Group.

For the year ended 31 December 2021, revenue from sales of alimentary tract and metabolism products increased to
RMB898.5 million, as compared to RMB733.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing an increase of
approximately RMB165.1 million, or 22.5%, primarily attributable to the increase in sales volume of various other alimentary
tract and metabolism products of the Group.

For the year ended 31 December 2021, revenue from CNS products decreased to RMB1,323.8 million, as compared to
RMB1,401.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing a decrease of approximately RMB77.7 million or 5.5%.

For the year ended 31 December 2021, revenue from sales of other products decreased to RMB136.6 million, as compared
to RMB165.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing a decrease of approximately RMB28.5 million, or
17.3%, primarily attributable to the decrease in sales volume of various other products of the Group.

Cost of Sales
The Group’s cost of sales increased from RMB1,549.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 to approximately
RMB1,803.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2021, which accounted for approximately 34.7% of the Group’s total
revenue for the same year. The Group’s increase in cost of sales margin was mainly attributable to the decrease in average
selling price of few of the Group’s key products for the year ended 31 December 2021, as compared to year 2020.

Gross Profit
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s gross profit decreased to RMB3,396.7 million, as compared to
RMB3,990.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing a decrease of approximately RMB593.9 million, or
14.9%. The gross profit margin of 65.3%, decreased from 72.0% for the year ended 31 December 2020, mainly due to
decrease in average selling price of few key products of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021, as compared to
year 2020.




                                                           20
                                                 Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Other Income and Gains
The Group’s other income and gains mainly comprised of government grants, interest income and investment income. For
the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s other income and gains decreased to RMB330.7 million, as compared to
RMB403.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing a decrease of approximately RMB72.6 million, or
18.0%. The decrease was mainly attributable to lower government grant recognised during the year.

Selling and Distribution Expenses
The Group’s selling and distribution expenses consisted of expenses that were directly related to the Group’s marketing,
promotion and distribution activities. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s selling and distribution expenses
amounted to RMB1,704.8 million, as compared to RMB1,663.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing
an increase of RMB40.9 million, or 2.5%. The increase was mainly attributable to staff cost and conference expenses. On
the other hand, as a percentage of revenue, the Group’s selling and distribution expenses increased to 32.8% as compared
to 30.0% for the year ended 31 December 2020.

Administrative Expenses
The Group’s administrative expenses primarily consisted of staff cost, general operating expense, conference and
entertainment expense, travel and transportation expense, depreciation, amortisation and impairment loss, auditor’s
remuneration, consulting expenses, bank charges, taxation and other administrative expenses. For the year ended 31
December 2021, the Group’s administrative expenses amounted to approximately RMB570.8 million, as compared to
RMB521.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing an increase of approximately RMB49.3 million, or 9.5%.
The increase was mainly due to higher staff cost during the year.

Other Expenses
The Group’s other expenses primarily consisted of R&D costs, foreign exchange losses, donations, loss on disposals of
property, plant and equipment and miscellaneous expenses. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s other
expenses amounted to approximately RMB1,127.6 million, as compared to RMB844.1 million for the year ended 31
December 2020, representing an increase of approximately RMB283.5 million, or 33.6%. The increase was mainly due to
one-off provision for legal claim and offset by slightly lower R&D costs during the year. As disclosed in the announcement of
the Company dated 22 October 2021, the Group received an arbitration award in favour of the former distributor of Seroquel
for its claim against a subsidiary of the Company. In December 2021, the final amount of the arbitration award was
determined to be approximately RMB253.2 million, and considering related interests and arbitration fees, the total provision
was approximately RMB273.5 million and the Company accordingly made the aforesaid provision in respect of such amount
in its financial statements. The subsidiary has applied to the High Court of Hong Kong for the revocation of such award and
as at the date of this annual report, the application has not been heard.

Finance Costs
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s finance costs amounted to RMB399.5 million, as compared to
RMB424.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing a decrease of approximately RMB24.5 million, or 5.8%.
The decrease was mainly due to the lower level of the Group’s outstanding bank borrowings for the year ended 31
December 2021 as compared to the corresponding year ended 31 December 2020.




                                                            21
                                                    Annual Report 2021
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Income Tax Expense
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s income tax expense amounted to RMB70.2 million, as compared to
RMB238.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing a decrease of RMB168.7 million, or 70.6%. The
effective tax rate for the year ended 31 December 2021 is –94.2% as compared to 25.4% for the year ended 31 December
2020.

Net Profit
The Group’s net profit for the year ended 31 December 2021 was approximately RMB–144.8 million, as compared to
RMB703.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing a decrease of approximately RMB848.1 million, or
120.6%.

The Group’s normalised EBITDA (defined as the EBITDA for the year excluding the equity-settled share award expense, fair
value change on contingent consideration payable, fair value adjustment of redemption liabilities on non-controlling interests
and provision for legal claim) decreased by RMB596.4 million or 30.6% to RMB1,355.3 million as compared to the year
ended 31 December 2020. The Group’s normalised net profit decreased by RMB475.8 million or 52.2% to RMB435.0
million as compared to the year ended 31 December 2020. Normalised profit attributable to shareholders decreased by
RMB473.8 million or 51.9% to RMB439.0 million as compared to the year ended 31 December 2020. Normalised net profit
and profit attributable to shareholders is defined as the net profit and profit attributable to shareholders for the year excluding
the equity-settled share award expense, fair value changes on contingent consideration payable, fair value adjustment of
redemption liabilities on non-controlling interests, convertible bond interest expense and provision for legal claim.

To supplement our financial information presented in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”),
we also use the aforementioned normalised items as an additional financial measures, which are not required by, or
presented in accordance with, IFRS. We believe that these non-IFRS measures facilitates comparisons of operating
performance from period to period and company to company by adjusting for potential impacts of non-recurring and certain
non-cash items and our management considers these non-IFRS measures to be indicative of our operating performance.
We believe that this measure provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our
consolidated results of operations in the same manner as they help our management. These normalised items do not have
standardised meanings prescribed by IFRS and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other
companies. The use of these non-IFRS measure has limitations as an analytical tool, and the shareholders of the Company
should not consider it in isolation from, or as substitute for analysis of, or our results of operations as reported under IFRS.



Liquidity, Financial and Capital Resources

As at 31 December 2021, the Group had net current assets of approximately RMB3,066.5 million, as compared to
approximately RMB2,736.3 million as at 31 December 2020. The current ratio of the Group increased slightly to
approximately 1.42 as at 31 December 2021 from approximately 1.38 as at 31 December 2020. The increase in net current
assets was mainly attributable to higher receivables and slightly lower level of loans and borrowings under the Group’s
current liabilities.




                                                               22
                                                    Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Borrowings and Pledge of Assets
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had an aggregate interest-bearing loans and borrowings of approximately RMB7,620.1
million, as compared to approximately RMB8,170.6 million as at 31 December 2020. Amongst the loans and borrowings,
approximately RMB5,263.2 million are repayable within one year, and approximately RMB2,356.9 million are repayable after
one year. RMB4,363.9 million of the loans and borrowings of the Group carried interest at fixed interest rate. As at 31
December 2021, the Group’s borrowings were primarily denominated in RMB, Euro and U.S. dollars, and the cash and cash
equivalents were primarily denominated in RMB, Euro and U.S. dollars.

Loan Agreement with Covenants Relating to Specific Performance Obligations of the Controlling
Shareholder
As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 2 August 2018, pursuant to the term of the facility agreement
dated 2 August 2018 (“August Facility Agreement”) entered into between Luye Pharma Europe AG (formerly known as Luye
Pharma Switzerland AG) (“LPEU”) and a bank (the “Bank”), the Bank has agreed to grant to LPEU a term loan facility of up to
EUR120 million for a term of 60 months from the date of initial utilisation under the August Facility Agreement. Under the
August Facility Agreement, in the event that LuYe Pharmaceutical Investment Co., Ltd., a controlling shareholder of the
Company, ceases to be (i) the actual controller; or (ii) the first majority/single largest shareholder of the Company, all or any
part of the commitments under the August Facility Agreement may be cancelled and all amounts outstanding under the
August Facility Agreement may become immediately due and payable. Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2021,
there were no existing loan agreements entered into by the Group with covenants relating to specific performance of the
controlling shareholders of the Company discloseable under Rule 13.21 of the Listing Rules.

Gearing Ratio
As at 31 December 2021, the gearing ratio of the Group, which is calculated by dividing total borrowings by total equity,
decreased to 83.6% from 100.9% as at 31 December 2020. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in the Group’s
total borrowings taken during the reporting period.

Foreign Exchange and Exchange Rate Risk
The Group primarily operates in the PRC and is exposed to foreign currency risk arising from fluctuations in exchange rate
between RMB and other currencies in which the Group conducts its business. The Group is subject to foreign currency risk
attributable to the bank balances, trade and other receivables and payables as well as bank loans that are denominated in
currencies other than RMB. The Group seeks to limit the exposure to foreign currency risk by minimising its net foreign
currency position. The Group did not enter into any hedging transactions in respect of foreign currency risk as at 31
December 2021. The Directors expect that the fluctuation of the RMB exchange rate will not have a material adverse effect
on the operation of the Group.




                                                              23
                                                      Annual Report 2021
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Convertible Bonds
On 9 July 2019, the Company issued 1.50% convertible bonds with an aggregate principal amount of US$300,000,000.
There was no movement in the number of these convertible bonds during the year. The bonds are convertible at the option
of the bondholders into ordinary shares with the initial conversion price of HK$8.15 per share at any time on or after 19
August 2019 and up to the close of business on the date falling ten days prior to 9 July 2024. The bonds are redeemable at
the option of the bondholders at a 3.75% gross yield upon early redemption. Any convertible bonds not converted will be
redeemed on 9 July 2024 at 112.25% of its principal amount together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon. The bonds
carry interest at a rate of 1.50% per annum, which is payable semiannually in arrears on 9 January and 9 July. For further
details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 24 June 2019 and 9 July 2019, and the announcements
on adjustment to conversion price dated 5 September 2019 and 29 June 2020. As of 31 December 2021, all of the net
proceeds of the bonds were allocated or applied to repay loans of the Group and other general corporate purposes.

Use of Proceeds of Issue of New Shares
On 29 January 2021, the Company and Hillhouse NEV Holdings Limited (“Hillhouse NEV”, a company formed under the laws
of British Virgin Islands to which Hillhouse Capital Management, Ltd., a global firm of investment professionals and operating
executives focused on building and investing in high quality business franchises that achieve sustainable growth, is the sole
investment manager) entered into a subscription agreement, pursuant to which Hillhouse NEV subscribed for 292,406,881
new ordinary shares issued by the Company, representing approximately 8.26% of the issued share capital of the Company
as enlarged by the issue of such new shares. The subscription price for such new shares was HK$4.28 per share which
represents a premium of approximately 10.03% over the closing price of HK$3.89 per share as quoted on The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on 29 January 2021, being the date of the subscription agreement.
For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 31 January 2021 and 8 February 2021.

The net proceeds from the issue of new shares are approximately RMB1,044,477,000 (equivalent to approximately
US$161,411,163, representing a net price of approximately RMB3.57 per share). As of 31 December 2021, the entire
amount of the net proceeds from such issuance has been allocated or applied to refinance the Group’s indebtedness.

The subscription and issue represented an opportunity to raise capital for the Company while having Hillhouse NEV as a
strategic investor will strengthen the Company’s shareholder base. Further, the subscription and issue would strengthen the
financial position of the Group and provide working capital to the Group.

Share Award Scheme (the “Scheme”)
The Company adopted the Scheme on 10 January 2017. The purpose of the Scheme is to recognise contributions by
certain employees, including any executive director of any member of the Group except for the current executive directors
and to provide them with incentives in order to retain them for the continuing operation and development of the Group and
to attract suitable personnel for the further development of the Group. As at 31 December 2021, the Board has not granted
any share to the Group’s employees (2020: Nil) under the Scheme.

Hedging Activities
As at 31 December 2021, the Group did not use any financial instruments for hedging purposes and did not enter into any
hedging transactions in respect of foreign currency risk or interest rate risk.




                                                            24
                                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Employees and Remuneration Policy

As at 31 December 2021, the Group employed a total of 4,845 employees, as compared to a total of 4,963 employees as at
31 December 2020. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the staff costs, (including Directors’ emoluments but excluding
any contributions to pension scheme), were approximately RMB830.0 million as compared to RMB743.2 million for the year
ended 31 December 2020. The objective of the Group’s remuneration policy is to motivate and retain talented employees to
achieve the Group’s long term corporate goals and objectives. The Group’s employee remuneration policy is determined by
taking into account factors such as remuneration in respect of the overall remuneration standard in the industry and
employee’s performance. The management reviews the Group’s employee remuneration policy and arrangements on a
regular basis. Moreover, the social insurance contributions are made by the Group for its PRC employees in accordance with
the relevant PRC regulations.



Significant Investments and Future Plans for Material Investments or Capital Assets

The Group did not hold any significant investment with a value greater than 5% of its total assets as at 31 December 2021.
The Group does not have plans for material investments or capital assets.



Subsequent Events After the Reporting Period

After 31 December 2021 and up to the date of this annual report, there was no event occurred that has significantly affected
the Group.



Final Dividend

No dividends were declared for the year ended 31 December 2021 (2020: Nil).




                                                           25
                                                   Annual Report 2021
                     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR
                         MANAGEMENT


Set forth below is the composition of the board of directors and senior management of the Company as at 31 December
2021.



Directors

Executive Directors
Mr. Liu Dian Bo, aged 56, Executive Chairman, is a founding member of our Group. He was appointed as a director of the
Company (“Director”) in July 2003. As our Executive Chairman, Mr. Liu is responsible for the overall management, operations
and the charting and reviewing of corporate directions and strategies of our Group. Prior to founding our Group, Mr. Liu was
a teacher at Yantai Teacher’s College from 1985 to 1989. From 1989 to 1993, Mr. Liu was the general manager of Penglai
Huatai Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. From 1994 to 1999, Mr. Liu was the chairman cum general manager of 山東綠葉製藥有限公
司 (Shandong Luye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.) (“Shandong Luye”). From 1999 to the incorporation of our Company in 2003,
Mr. Liu was the chairman cum president of Shandong Luye. Mr. Liu obtained a Medical Diploma from Yishui Special Medical
College (now known as Shandong Medical College) in July 1985. Mr. Liu is the executive chairman of Shandong Luye and
Beijing WBL Peking University Biotech Co., Ltd. (“Beijing WPU”), and a director of the following main subsidiaries of our
Company: Yantai Luye Drugs Trading Co., Ltd. (“Luye Trading”), Sichuan Luye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., AsiaPharm
Investments Limited, AsiaPharm Biotech Pte. Ltd., Luye Biotech (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. and A-Bio Pharma Pte. Ltd.. Mr. Liu is
a director of each of Luye Life Sciences Group Ltd. (“Luye Group”), Luye Pharma Holdings Ltd. (“Luye Pharma Holdings”),
LuYe Pharmaceutical International Co., Ltd. (“Luye Pharma Intl”), LuYe Investment, Shorea LBG, Ginkgo (PTC) Limited (formerly
known as Ginkgo Trust Limited), and Nelumbo Investment Limited.

Mr. Yang Rong Bing, aged 56, holds the office of Vice Executive Chairman and is also a founding member of our Group.
Mr. Yang was appointed as an Executive Director on 1 March 2007 and was previously a Non-Executive Director from July
2003. Mr. Yang was appointed as a vice executive chairman of the Board with effect from 30 March 2015. Mr. Yang has
also been a non-executive director of Shandong Luye since 2000. Prior to that, Mr. Yang was with Jiangsu Xuzhou Bio-
Chemical Pharmaceutical Factory from 1988 to 1994 where he worked as an assistant factory head. In 1994, Mr. Yang
joined Shandong Luye as a deputy general manager and from 1999 to 2000, he was the chief sales executive and executive
director of Shandong Luye. Mr. Yang obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Science from Beijing Normal University in July 1988.
Mr. Yang is the executive chairman of Nanjing Luye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Luye”) and a director of the following
main subsidiaries of our Company: Shandong Luye, Luye Trading and Nanjing Luye. Mr. Yang is a director of each of Luye
Group, Luye Pharma Holdings, Luye Pharma Intl and LuYe Investment.

Mr. Yuan Hui Xian, aged 63, holds the office of Executive Director and is also a founding member of our Group. Mr. Yuan
was appointed as a Director in July 2003 and is in charge of our Group’s public relations. Prior to joining our Group in 1994,
Mr. Yuan was a doctor with Shengli Petroleum Administrative Bureau Yantai Sanatorium from 1980 to 1994, where he was
in charge of radiation diagnosis. From 1994 to 1999, Mr. Yuan was a deputy general manager with Shandong Luye. From
1999 to the incorporation of our Company in 2003, Mr. Yuan was the vice-president and executive director of Shandong
Luye. He has also received a Post-graduate Certificate in National Economics from the China People’s University in February
2003. Mr. Yuan is the executive chairman of Luye Trading and a director of the following main subsidiaries of our Company:
Shandong Luye, Nanjing Luye, Shandong Luye Natural Drug R&D Co. Ltd.. Mr. Yuan is a director of each of Luye Group,
Luye Pharma Holdings, Luye Pharma Intl and LuYe Investment.




                                                            26
                                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
               DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Ms. Zhu Yuan Yuan, aged 41, has been our Executive Director since March 2014. She joined our Group in August 2009
and has 11 years of experience in corporate finance. Before joining our Group, she worked for New Asia Partners Investment
Holdings Limited, a Shanghai and Hong Kong-based investment firm focused on assisting Chinese companies in accessing
the international capital markets, principally by providing equity capital and corporate finance advisory services. She obtained
her Master’s degree in Corporate Strategy and Governance from the University of Nottingham in December 2004 and a
Bachelor’s degree in Finance from Southeast University, the PRC in June 2003. Ms. Zhu is a director of the following
subsidiaries of our Company: Luye Pharma Hong Kong Limited, Solid Success Holdings Limited, Apex Group Holdings
Limited and Kang Hai Pharmaceutical Technology Development Limited. She is a supervisor of our subsidiary, Beijing WPU.
Ms. Zhu is a director of each of Luye Pharma Holdings, Luye Pharma Intl and LuYe Investment.

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Song Rui Lin, aged 60, has been our non-executive Director since March 2017. Mr. Song is the executive chairman of
China Pharmaceutical Industry Research and Development Association* (中國醫藥創新促進會) and the executive deputy
director of the Research Centre for Drug Policy and Industrial Development at China Pharmaceutical University* (中國藥科大
學藥物政策與產業經濟研究中心). He also is the executive chairman of China Pharmaceutical Industry Research and
Development Association* (中國醫藥創新促進會), specially-invited expert of Talent Pool Participating in and Discussing State
Affairs of the CPPCC, consultant expert of Participating in and Discussing State Affairs of the Chinese Peasants and Workers
Democratic Party, a member of the Biotech Advisory Panel of the Stock Exchange, vice chairman of China Alliance of Rare
Diseases (CARD), honorary director of Chinese Pharmaceutical Association (CPA), standing director of Chinese Pharmacist
Association, council member of the Bethune Charitable Foundation and guest researcher in Shanghai Jiao Tong University.
Mr. Song has extensive experience in the research of the PRC healthcare and drugs laws and policies, and was involved in
the drafting and review of a number of the current PRC laws and regulations on healthcare and drugs. From 1985 to 2007,
Mr. Song served as deputy director (副處長), director (處長) and deputy head (副司長) at the PRC State Council Legislative
Office* (中國國務院法制辦公室). Subsequent to 2008, Mr. Song served as deputy director of the Chinese Pharmaceutical
Association* (中國藥學會) (the “Association”) and executive director of the Research Centre for Drug Policies (醫藥政策研究
中心) at the Association. He served as the chairman and executive editor of Chinese Journal of New Drugs* (中國新藥雜誌).
Since 2011, Mr. Song has been serving as an expert at the Capital Healthcare Policy Reform Expert Group* (首都醫療衛生
體制改革專家組). Mr. Song obtained a Bachelor of Laws degree from China University of Political Science and Law in 1985
and a Master in Business Administration degree from China Europe International Business School in 2004, and obtained a
Doctorate in Social and Administrative Pharmacy from China Pharmaceutical University in 2018.

Mr. Song currently serves as an independent non-executive director at Shanghai Henlius Biotech, Inc. (上海復宏漢霖生物技
術股份有限公司) (stock code: 2696), Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited (先聲藥業集團有限公司) (stock code: 2096),
Mediwelcome Healthcare Management & Technology Inc. (麥迪衛康健康醫療服務科技有限公司) (stock code: 2159) and
Jacobio Pharmaceuticals Group Co., Ltd. (加科思藥業集團有限公司) (stock code: 1167), all companies are listed on the
Main Board of Stock Exchange.

Mr. Song currently serves as an independent director of a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, Shenzhen
Chipscreen Biosciences Co., Ltd. (深圳微芯生物科技股份有限公司) (stock code: 688321). From March 2017 to March
2021, Mr. Song served as an independent director of Jiangxi Boya Bio-pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (江西博雅生物製藥股份有
限公司) (stock code: 300294); from August 2015 to August 2021, he served as an independent director of Tibet Aim Pharm.
Inc.* (西藏易明西雅醫藥科技股份有限公司) (stock code: 002826.SZ); from June 2015 to June 2021, he served as an
independent director of Shanxi Zhendong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (山西振東製藥股份有限公司) (stock code: 300158.SZ).

*     denotes English translation of the name of a Chinese company, entity or organisation, and is provided for identification purposes only.




                                                                            27
                                                                  Annual Report 2021
             DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Mr. SUN Xin, aged 41, is currently a Managing Director at Hillhouse Capital and has been a member of the healthcare
private equity team since 2017. He has more than 10 years of experience in financial services and healthcare industries. Prior
to joining Hillhouse Capital, he was a vice president of Affinity Equity Partners, an Asia-focused private equity fund based in
Hong Kong. Prior to that, he worked at the Investment Banking Division of Goldman Sachs in New York, focusing on
healthcare M&A and financing. He started his career in pharmaceutical and biotech industry as a research scientist at
Boehringer Ingelheim and Genentech, respectively. Mr. Sun obtained his Master of Business Administration from Columbia
Business School, his Master of Science from Duke University and Bachelor of Science from Peking University.

Mr. Sun currently serves as a non-executive director at Shanghai MicroPort MedBot (Group) Co., Ltd. (上海微創醫療機器人(集
團)股份有限公司) (stock code: 2252), a company listed on the Main Board of Stock Exchange.

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Zhang Hua Qiao, aged 58, has been our Independent Non-Executive Director since June 2014. Mr. Zhang has 17
years of experience in working in the investment banking industry since 1994. He served as managing director and the co-
head of China research team from June 1999 to April 2006 and the deputy head of China investment banking division of
UBS AG, Hong Kong Branch from September 2008 to June 2011. He graduated from the Graduate School of the People’s
Bank of China (中國人民銀行研究生部) with a Master’s degree in Economics in 1986, and from the Australian National
University with a Master’s degree in Economics in January 1991.

As at the date of this annual report, Mr. Zhang holds or held directorships in the following listed companies in the past three
years:

Name of the listed company                                         Term                            Position


Radiance Holdings (Group) Company Limited, a company listed        October 2020 to present         Independent non-executive
  on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange                                                            director
  (stock code: 9993)

Logan Group Company Limited, a company listed on the Main          November 2013 to present        Independent non-executive
  Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 3380)                                                     director

China Huirong Financial Holdings Limited, a company                October 2013 to May 2021        Independent non-executive
 listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange                                                      director
 (stock code: 1290)

Zhong An Group Limited, a company listed on the Main Board         January 2013 to present         Independent non-executive
  of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 672)                                                            director

China Smartpay Group Holdings Limited, a company listed             September 2017 to January      Non-executive director
 on the Growth Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange             2020
 (stock code: 8325)

Fosun International Limited, a company listed on the               March 2012 to present           Independent non-executive
  Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 656)                                                 director

Boer Power Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Main          November 2011 to May 2019 Non-executive director
  Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1685)

Haitong International Securities Group Limited , a company         May 2021 to present             Independent non-executive
 listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange                                                      director
 (stock code: 665)

                                                             28
                                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
             DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Professor Lo Yuk Lam, aged 73, has been our Independent Non-executive Director since June 2014. Professor Lo has
extensive experience in biotechnology industry, corporate management, academic research and community service.

Currently Professor Lo is serving as the Founding President of HK Bio-Med Innotech Association, and the Honorary Founding
Chairman of Hong Kong Biotechnology Organization. In the educational area, Professor Lo has been elected an Honorary
Fellow of the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. He is also the Honorary Professor of several universities in
China.

Professor Lo was heavily involved in several committees of the HKSAR Government. He had been served as the Chairman of
the Advisory Council for Food Safety of the Food and Health Bureau HKSAR, Director of the Hong Kong Applied R&D Fund
Co. Ltd., Chairman of the Biotechnology Committee of the Hong Kong Industry & Technology Development Council, and
Chairman of Biotechnology Projects Vetting Committee of the Innovation and Technology Fund, HKSAR.

In mainland China, Professor Lo is a member of Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference in Jilin Province. He was
also a consultant of the Centre for Disease Control and Prevention of China. In recognition of his leadership in the community
and dedication to his field, Professor Lo has received many awards, such as the “Pericles International Prize” in 2019. He is
the second Asian and the first person from Hong Kong to be awarded the Prize since it was founded in 1986. In 2020,
Professor Lo was awarded the Bronze Bauhinia Star by the HKSAR government for his outstanding services over the past
decades.

In the business sector, Professor Lo had served as the Managing Director of Asia Pacific of Bio-Rad Laboratories (NYSE:
BIO) and PerkinElmer (NYSE: PKI). He is the Chairman of GT Healthcare Capital Partners, and Partner & Investment
Committee Member of Hongsen Investment Management Limited. As at the date of this annual report, Professor Lo holds
directorships in the following listed companies in the past three years:

Name of the listed company                                        Term                            Position


Sinovac Biotech Ltd. (SVA: NASDAQ)                                March 2006 to present           Independent Director

CSPC Pharmaceutical Group Limited, a company listed on            June 2014 to August 2020        Independent non-executive
 the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1093)                                            director

Zhaoke Ophthalmology Limited, a company listed on the Main        April 2021 to present           Independent non-executive
  Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 6622)                                                    director

Mr. Leung Man Kit, aged 68, has been the Independent Non-executive Director since June 2014. Mr. Leung has over 42
years of experience in project finance and corporate finance. Mr. Leung was a Responsible Officer of Grand Moore Capital
Limited from 18 September 2019 to 31 October 2021. Previously, he was a director of Emerging Markets Partnership (Hong
Kong) Limited (the principal adviser to the AIG Infrastructure Fund L.P.) in 1999. He also held senior positions in the Hong
Kong Branch of the Swiss Bank Corporation, SG Securities (HK) Limited (formerly known as Crosby Securities (Hong Kong)
Limited) and Peregrine Capital Limited.




                                                            29
                                                    Annual Report 2021
             DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



As at the date of this annual report, Mr. Leung holds or held directorships in the following listed companies in the past three
years:

Name of the listed company                                                     Term                       Position


China Electronics Optics Valley Union Holding Company                          March 2014 to May 2020     Independent non-
 Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock                                                   executive director
 Exchange (stock code: 798)*

Orange Sky Golden Harvest Entertainment (Holdings) Limited, a                  February 2008 to present   Independent non-executive
  company listed on the Main Board of                                                                       director
  the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1132)*

China Ting Group Holdings Limited, a company listed on the                     November 2005 to present   Independent non-executive
 Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 3398)                                                        director

Netease, Inc., a company listed on NASDAQ and Main Board of July 2002 to present                          Independent non-executive
 the Stock Exchange (stock code: NTES, 9999)*                                                               director

*    Mr. Leung is/was also the chairman of the audit committee of these companies.


Mr. Leung obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Social Sciences from University of Hong Kong in October 1977.

Mr. Choy Sze Chung Jojo, aged 63, has been the Independent Non-executive Director since June 2014. Mr. Choy has
extensive experience in the securities industry and business management. He is currently the vice chairman of National
Resources Securities Limited and the permanent honourable president and vice chairman of the Institute of Securities
Dealers Ltd.

Mr. Choy is a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Directors, the Institute of Financial Accountants, the Institute of
Public Accountants and the Institute of Compliance Officers. Mr. Choy is also a member of the Election Council for Hong
Kong Deputies to the 12th and the 13th National People’s Congress of the People’s Republic of China, a member of the 4th,
the 5th and 6th term Chief Executive Election Committee of Hong Kong and a member of Chinese People’s Political
Consultative Conference, Shantou.




                                                                        30
                                                           Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
             DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



As at the date of this annual report, Mr. Choy holds or held directorships in the following listed companies in the past three
years:

Name of the listed company                                          Term                            Position


First Credit Finance Group Limited, a company listed on             November 2017 to present        Independent non-executive
   the Growth Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange                                                 director
   (stock code: 8215)

New Sparkle Roll International Group Limited, a company listed      October 2007 to present         Independent non-executive
 on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 970)                                            director

Zhaojin Mining Industry Company Limited, a company                  May 2007 to present             Independent non-executive
  listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange                                                      director
  (stock code: 1818)

Mr. Choy obtained a Master’s degree in Business Administration from University of Wales, Newport in October 2004 and a
Master’s degree in Business Law from Monash University in April 2007, a Honorary doctorate of Management from Lincoln
University in August 2018 and a Fellowship from Canadian Chartered Institute of Business Administration.



Senior Management

Our senior management comprises Executive Directors and the following persons:

Mr. Liu Yuan Chong, aged 58, joined our Group in March 1997 and is currently our Chief Financial Officer. He started as the
accountant-in-charge at our finance department, and was promoted to chief of the finance department in 2005 and to our
Chief Financial Officer in 2012. Prior to joining our Group, he was the head of accounting of Yantai Alternator Plant (煙台家電
交電總公司). He also taught at Yantai Business Vocational Secondary School (煙台商業中專) from September 1983 until
September 1986. From 1980 to 1983, he was employed by Shandong Laiyang Biochemical Pharmaceutical Factory. Mr. Liu
received a Post-Graduate Certificate in Financial Management from Peking University in October 2006.

Dr. Li You Xin, aged 60, joined our Group in October 2007 and is currently our Senior Vice President and head of R&D. Dr.
Li has extensive experience in drug design. He is responsible for a number of our R&D platforms including our long-acting
and extended release technology and targeted drug delivery platforms. Under Dr. Li’s leadership, the Company was awarded
the State Key Laboratory of Long-acting and Targeting Drug Delivery System (長效和靶向製劑國家重點實驗室). Dr. Li is also
a professor at the College of Life Sciences of Jilin University. Prior to joining our Group, he was a senior scientist officer at
Schwarz Pharma AG. He was also a Research Fellow of Alexandar von Humboldt Foundation of University of Marburg from
1991 to 1993. Dr. Li obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Chemistry in July 1982, a Master of Science degree in July 1985 and a
Ph.D. in Science in July 1988 from Peking University.

Ms. Xue Yun Li, aged 58, joined our Group in 1994 and is currently our Senior Vice President and the general manager of
Shandong Luye and responsible for manufacturing and quality management of subsidiaries. From 1999 to 2009, she was
the director of the R&D centre and then vice president of R&D of Shandong Luye. Prior to joining our Group, she was a
technician and the chief of scientific research at Shenyang Liaohe Pharmaceutical Factory from 1988 to 1994. Ms. Xue
obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering from Jiamusi University in July 1988 and a Master’s degree in Integrated
Traditional Chinese and Western Clinical Medicine from Shandong University of Traditional Chinese Medicine in July 2011.


                                                              31
                                                      Annual Report 2021
                       REPORT OF DIRECTORS


The directors of the Company (the “Directors”) are pleased to present their report together with the audited consolidated
financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021.



Corporate Information

The Company was incorporated in the Bermuda on 2 July 2003 as an exempted company with limited liability under the laws
of Bermuda (the “Companies Law”). The Company’s shares (the “Shares”) were listed on the Main Board of the Stock
Exchange on 9 July 2014.



Principal Activities

The principal activity of the Company is investment holding and the Group focuses on developing, producing, marketing and
selling innovative pharmaceutical products in three of the largest and fastest growing therapeutic areas in the PRC. Details of
the principal activities of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements of this
annual report.



Business Review and Performance

A fair review of the Group’s business during the year, including an analysis of which using financial key performance
indicators, and the outlook of the Group’s business are provided in the section headed “Management Discussion and
Analysis” of this annual report, which discussion forms part of this “Report of Directors”.



Results

The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss on
page 65 of this annual report.



Dividend Policy and Final Dividend

No dividends were declared for the year ended 31 December 2021.

It is the policy of the Board, in considering payment of dividends, to allow Shareholders to share the Company’s profits whilst
retaining adequate reserves for the Group’s future growth.

The Board shall consider the following factors before declaring or recommending dividends:

•    the Company’s actual and expected financial performance;

•    retained earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and each of the subsidiaries of the Group;

•    the Group’s working capital requirements, capital expenditure requirements and future expansion plans;




                                                             32
                                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                                  REPORT OF DIRECTORS



•     the Group’s liquidity position;

•     general economic condition, business cycle of the Group’s business and other internal or external factors that may
      affect the business or financial performance and position of the Company; and

•     other factors that the Board considers relevant.

The payment of dividends is also subject to applicable laws and regulations including the laws and regulations of Bermuda
and the articles of association of the Company. The Board will continually review the dividend policy from time to time and
there is no assurance that dividends will be paid in any particular amount for any given period.



Financial Summary

A summary of the Group’s results, assets, liabilities for the last five financial years are set out on page 5 of this annual report.
This summary does not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.



Risks and Uncertainties Relating to the Group’s Business

The Group’s financial condition, results of operations, and business prospects may be affected by a number of risks and
uncertainties directly or indirectly pertaining to the Group’s businesses. The following are the key risks and uncertainties
identified by the Group. There may be other risks and uncertainties in addition to those shown below which are not known to
the Group or which may not be material now but could turn out to be material in the future.

Market Risk
Market risk is the risk that deteriorates profitability or affects ability to meet business objectives arising from the movement in
market prices. The management of the Group manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are
implemented on a timely and effective manner.

Operational Risk
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external
events. Responsibility for managing operational risks basically rests with every function at divisional and departmental levels.
Key functions in the Group are guided by their standard operating procedures, limits of authority and reporting framework.
Our management will identify and assess key operational exposures regularly so that appropriate risk response can be taken.

Investment Risk
Investment risk can be defined as the likelihood of occurrence of losses relative to the expected return on any particular
investment. Key concern of investment framework will be balancing risk and return across different investments, and thus
risk assessment is a core aspect of the investment decision process. Proper authorisation system has been set up and
detailed analysis will be made before approving investments. Regular updates on the progress of the investments of the
Group would be submitted to the Board.

Manpower and Retention Risk
The Group may face the risk of not being able to attract and retain key personnel and talents with appropriate and required
skills, experience and competence which would meet the business objectives of the Group. The Group will provide attractive
remuneration package to suitable candidates and personnel.



                                                               33
                                                       Annual Report 2021
                                  REPORT OF DIRECTORS



Financial Risk
The Group also faces financial risks including interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. Details of
these financial risks are set out in note 45 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

In light of the above risks relevant to and potentially affecting the Group’s business, the Group has certain risk management
procedures with a view to minimise the risks and to manage, but not eliminate, the risk of failure to fulfil business objectives.
Please refer to the section headed “Risk Management and Internal Control” in the Corporate Governance Report for policies
concerning the Group’s risk management system.

Legal Proceedings
As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 22 October 2021, the Group received an arbitration award in
favour of the former distributor of Seroquel for its claim against Luye Pharma Hong Kong Limited, a subsidiary of the
Company. In December 2021, the final amount of the arbitration award was determined to be approximately RMB253.2
million, and considering related interests and arbitration fees, the Company accordingly made a total provision of RMB273.5
million in its financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021. Luye Pharma Hong Kong Limited has applied to the
High Court of Hong Kong for the revocation of such award and as at the date of this report, the application has not been
heard.



Environmental Policies and Performance

Our Group is committed to achieving environmental sustainability. Our commitment to protect the environment is well
reflected by our continuous efforts in promoting green measures and awareness in our daily business operations. Our
Group’s business is subject to national, provincial and local environmental laws and regulations of the PRC. During the year
ended 31 December 2021, so far as our Directors are aware, there were no material breach of applicable environmental laws
and regulations of the PRC that have a significant adverse impact on the business and operations of our Group.

Our Group also encourages environmental protection and promote awareness towards environmental protection to the
employees. Our Group adheres to the principle of recycling and reducing. It implements green office practices such as
double-sided printing and copying, setting up recycling bins, promoting using recycled paper and reducing energy
consumption by switching off idle lightings and electrical appliance.

Our Group endeavours to comply with the relevant laws and regulations regarding environmental protection and adopt
effective measures to achieve efficient use of resources, waste reduction and energy saving. Our Group will review its
environmental practices from time to time and will consider implementing further eco-friendly measures and practices in the
operation of our Group’s businesses to move towards adhering the 3Rs — reduce, recycle and reuse and enhance
environmental sustainability.

In accordance with Rule 13.91 and the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide contained in Appendix 27 of
the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”), the
Company’s Environmental, Social and Governance Report will be available on its website within three months from the
publication of this annual report.




                                                               34
                                                    Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                                 REPORT OF DIRECTORS



Compliance with Laws and Regulations

Our Group recognises the importance of compliance with regulatory requirements and the risk of non-compliance with such
requirements could lead to the termination of operating licences. Our Group has been allocating system and staff resources
to ensure ongoing compliance with rules and regulations and to maintain cordial working relationships with regulators
effectively through effective communications. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group has complied, to the best of
our knowledge, in all material respects, with all relevant rules and regulations that have a significant impact on the Company.



Key Relationships with Employees, Customers and Suppliers

Being people-oriented, our Group ensures all staff are reasonably remunerated and also continues to improve and regularly
review and update its policies on remuneration and benefits, training, occupational health and safety.

Our Group maintains a good relationship with its customers. A customer complaint handling mechanism is in place to
receive, analyse and study complaints and make recommendations on remedies with the aim of improving service quality.

Our Group is in good relationship with its suppliers and conducts a fair and strict appraisal of its suppliers on an annual
basis.



Major Customers and Suppliers

Sales to the Group’s five largest customers accounted for approximately 17.5% of the total sales for the year ended 31
December 2021 and sales to the largest customer included therein amounted to 9.2% of the total sales for the year.
Purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for approximately 46.8% of the total purchase for the year
ended 31 December 2021 and purchase from the Group’s largest supplier included therein amounted to 13.7% of the total
purchase for the year.

None of the Directors or any of their close associates or any Shareholders (which, to the best knowledge of the Directors,
own more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital) had any interest in the Group’s five largest customers and
suppliers.



Property, Plant and Equipment

Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2021 are set
out in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.



Share Capital

Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2021 are set out in note 33
to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.




                                                             35
                                                     Annual Report 2021
                                 REPORT OF DIRECTORS



Reserves

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group during the year are set out on pages 69 to 70 in the consolidated
statement of changes in equity of this annual report and in note 34 to the consolidated financial statements.



Distributable Reserves

As at 31 December 2021, the Company’s and the Group’s reserves available for distribution, calculated in accordance with
the provisions of the Companies Law, amounted to approximately RMB-969.5 million (as at 31 December 2020: RMB-724.9
million) and RMB5.0 billion (as at 31 December 2020: RMB5.2 billion), respectively.



Bank Loans and Other Borrowings

Particulars of bank loans and other borrowings of the Group as at 31 December 2021 are set out in note 27 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report.



Directors

The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2021 and up to the date of this annual report were:

Executive Directors:
Mr. LIU Dian Bo (Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. YANG Rong Bing (Vice Executive Chairman)
Mr. YUAN Hui Xian
Ms. ZHU Yuan Yuan

Non-executive Directors:
Mr. SONG Rui Lin
Mr. SUN Xin (appointed on 8 February 2021)

Independent non-executive Directors:
Mr. ZHANG Hua Qiao
Professor LO Yuk Lam
Mr. LEUNG Man Kit
Mr. CHOY Sze Chung Jojo

In accordance with the bye-laws of the Company (the “Bye-laws”), all Directors are subject to retirement by rotation at least
once every three years and any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office until the first general
meeting of the Shareholders after his appointment and be subject to re-election at such meeting and any Director appointed
by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the next following annual general meeting of the
Company and shall then be eligible for re-election.




                                                              36
                                                   Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                                 REPORT OF DIRECTORS



In accordance with bye-law 84(1) of the Bye-laws, Mr. Liu Dian Bo, Mr. Yuan Hui Xian, Mr. Zhang Hua Qiao and Mr. Choy
Sze Chung Jojo will retire by rotation and being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election as the Directors at the
forthcoming annual general meeting (the “AGM”).

Details of the Directors to be re-elected at the AGM are set out in the circular to the Shareholders.



Board of Directors and Senior Management

Biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Group are set out on pages 26 to 31 of this annual
report.



Confirmation of Independence of Independent Non-executive Directors

Each of the independent non-executive Directors has confirmed their independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing
Rules. The Company considers all of the independent non-executive Directors to be independent in accordance with Rule 3.13
of the Listing Rules.



Directors’ Service Contracts

Each of the executive Directors has entered into an appointment letter with the Company for a term of three years
commencing from 9 July 2020 and may be terminated in accordance with the respective terms of the appointment letters.

Mr. Song Rui Lin and Mr. Sun Xin, the non-executive Directors, each entered into an appointment letter with the Company
for a term of two years commencing from 29 March 2021 and 8 February 2021 respectively, which may be terminated in
accordance with the terms of the appointment letter.

Each of the independent non-executive Directors has entered into an appointment letter with the Company for a term of two
years commencing from 9 July 2020 and may be terminated in accordance with the respective terms of the appointment
letters.

None of the Directors has a service contract which is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of
compensation (other than statutory compensation).



Interests in Transactions, Arrangements and Contracts

At the end of the year or at any time during the year, other than those transactions disclosed in note 39 to the consolidated
financial statements and under the section headed “Connected Transaction” in this annual report, (a) no transactions,
arrangements and contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company, Company’s
subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or its parent companies was a party and in which a Director or his or her connected entity
had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted; and (b) there is no contract of significance (i) between the
Company or its subsidiaries and Company’s controlling shareholder or its subsidiaries; and (ii) for the provision of services to
the Company or any of its subsidiaries by Company’s controlling shareholder or its subsidiaries.




                                                              37
                                                      Annual Report 2021
                                REPORT OF DIRECTORS



Management Contracts

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company were entered into or existed during the year ended 31 December 2021.



Equity-Linked Agreements

Save as disclosed in this annual report, no equity-linked agreement that will or may result in the Company issuing Shares nor
require the Company to enter into an agreement that will or may result in the Company issuing Shares was entered into by
the Company during the year or subsisted at the end of the year under review.



Emolument Policy

The objective of the Group’s remuneration policy is to motivate and retain talented employees to achieve the Group’s long
term corporate goals and objectives. The Group’s employee remuneration policy is determined by taking into account factors
such as remuneration in respect of the overall remuneration standard in the industry and employee’s performance. The
management reviews the Group’s employee remuneration policy and arrangements on a regular basis. In addition, social
insurance contributions are made by the Group for its PRC employees in accordance with the relevant PRC regulations. For
employee retirement benefits, please refer to note 2.4 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report. A
remuneration committee of the Board was set up for reviewing the Group’s emolument policy and structure for all
remuneration of the Directors and senior management of the Group, having regard to the Group’s operating results,
individual performance of the Directors and senior management and comparable market practices. Our Group participates in
the national pension schemes as defined by the laws of the countries in which it has operations and our Group makes
contributions to the Central Provident Fund Scheme in Singapore, a defined contribution pension scheme, for its employees
in Singapore. The Company’s subsidiaries established and operating in mainland China are required to provide certain staff
pension benefits to their employees under existing regulations of the PRC.



Remuneration of Directors and Five Individuals with Highest Emoluments

Details of the emoluments of the Directors and the five highest paid individuals are set out in notes 8 and 9 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report.



Share Option Scheme

During the year ended 31 December 2021 and up to the date of this annual report, the Group has no share option scheme.




                                                            38
                                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                                  REPORT OF DIRECTORS



Luye Pharma Share Award Scheme

The Company adopted a share award scheme on 10 January 2017 (the “Scheme”). The purpose of the Scheme is to
recognise contributions by certain employees, including any executive director of any member of the Group except for the
current executive Directors and to provide them with incentives in order to retain them for the continuing operation and
development of the Group and to attract suitable personnel for the further development of the Group. During the year ended
31 December 2021, the Board has not granted any share to employees (2020: Nil) under the Scheme.

The Scheme does not constitute a share option scheme or an arrangement analogous to a share option scheme for the
purpose of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. No Shareholders’ approval is required to adopt the Scheme. Please refer to the
Company’s announcement dated 10 January 2017 for information.

A summary of terms of the Scheme is set out below:

i.     Purpose
       The purpose of the Scheme is to recognise contributions by certain employee, including any executive director of any
       member of the Group except for the current executive Directors (“Employee”) and to provide them with incentives in
       order to retain them for the continuing operation and development of the Group and to attract suitable personnel for
       the further development of the Group.

ii.    Duration
       Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board in accordance with the rules of the Scheme, the
       Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of 10 years commencing on the 10 January 2017 (the “Adoption Date”).
       As at the date of this annual report, the Scheme has a remaining life of around 4 years and 8 months.

iii.   Administration
       The Scheme shall be administered by the board of directors and Bank of Communications Trustee Limited (the “Trustee”)
       in accordance with the rules of the Scheme and the trust deed in respect of the Scheme to be entered into between
       the Company and the Trustee (the “Trust Deed”). The decision of the Board with respect to any matter arising under
       the Scheme (including the interpretation of any provision) shall be final and binding. The Trustee will hold the Shares in
       accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed. The Trustee may not exercise the voting rights in respect of any shares
       held under the Trust.

iv.    Contribution of funds to the Trust
       The Board may from time to time cause to be paid an amount to the Trustee by way of settlement or otherwise
       contributed by the Company or other member of the Group as directed by the Board. The committee appointed and
       authorised by the Board to administer the Scheme, which shall consist of three members of the senior management of
       the Company to be appointed by the Board (“EBT Committee”), may from time to time instruct the Trustee in writing to
       purchase Shares on the Stock Exchange specifying the timing of purchase, maximum amount of funds to be used and
       the range of prices within which such Shares are to be purchased.




                                                              39
                                                      Annual Report 2021
                                 REPORT OF DIRECTORS



v.    Eligible persons for the Scheme and grant of Awarded Shares
      The Board may from time to time select any Employee (excluding any Employee who is resident in a place where the
      award of, in respect of a Selected Employee, such number of Shares awarded by the Board (“Awarded Shares”) and/
      or the vesting and transfer of the Awarded Shares pursuant to the terms of the Scheme is not permitted under the laws
      or regulations of such place or where in the view of the Board or the trustee of the Scheme, compliance with applicable
      laws or regulations in such place makes it necessary or expedient to exclude such Employee (“Excluded Employee”))
      for participation in the Scheme as a Selected Employee and grant to such Selected Employee Awarded Shares in such
      number at a stated price at which an Award Share is granted to a Selected Employee (“Grant Price”) and on and
      subject to such terms and conditions as it may in its discretion determine.

vi.   Vesting of Awarded Shares
      The Board is entitled to impose any conditions as it deems appropriate in its discretion with respect to the vesting of
      the Awarded Shares on the Selected Employee. Upon the vesting of the Awarded Shares, the Selected Employee may
      elect to have the Awarded Shares transferred to him or effect the sale of the Awarded Shares and receive the net
      proceeds from such sale. In either case, the Selected Employee shall pay the Company the Grant Price for the
      Awarded Shares.

vii. Rights attached to the Awarded Shares
      A Selected Employee will not have any interest or rights (including the right to vote at general meetings of the Company
      or the right to receive dividends) in the Awarded Shares prior to, in respect of a Selected Employee, the date on which
      his entitlement to the Awarded Shares is vested in such Selected Employee pursuant to the terms of the Scheme
      (“Vesting Date”).

viii. Non-transferrable
      Prior to the Vesting Date, any award of Awarded Shares is personal to the Selected Employee to whom it is made and
      is not assignable and no Selected Employee may in any way sell, transfer, charge, mortgage, encumber or create any
      interest in favour of any other person over or in relation to the Awarded Shares referable to him pursuant to such
      award.

ix.   Lapse of Awarded Shares
      In the event that a Selected Employee has ceased to be an Employee, the relevant award made to such Selected
      Employee will automatically lapse and the relevant Awarded Shares will remain part of the funds under the Trust.

x.    Voting rights of the Trustee
      The Trustee may not exercise the voting rights in respect of any Shares held under the Trust.

xi.   Restrictions
      The Trustee may not acquire or sell any Shares at any time when dealings in the Shares are prohibited under any code
      or requirements of the Listing Rules and all applicable laws.

xii. Scheme Limit
      The maximum number of Shares and Awarded Shares which may be held under the Trust and managed by the
      Trustee may not exceed 2% of issued share capital of the Company at any single point in time during the life of the
      Trust.

                                                            40
                                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                                 REPORT OF DIRECTORS



xiii. Alteration of the Scheme
     The Scheme may be altered in any respect by a resolution of the Board provided that no such amendment shall
     operate to affect materially and adversely any subsisting rights of any Selected Employee.

xiv. Termination
     The Scheme will terminate on the earlier of (i) the 10th anniversary date of the Adoption Date; and (ii) such date of early
     termination as determined by the Board provided that such termination shall not materially and adversely affect any
     subsisting rights of any Selected Employee.

The fair value of services received in return for Shares granted is measured by reference to the fair value of Shares granted.
The fair value of the Shares granted is measured based on the general accepted valuation procedures and practices that rely
substantially on the use of numerous assumptions and the consideration of many uncertainties.

Pursuant to share award notices issued on 15 May 2017 to those selected employees, an aggregate of 17,724,000 Shares (the
“2017 Awarded Shares”) were granted at the consideration of HK$4 for each share and the earliest vesting date of the 2017
Awarded Shares is 15 May 2020. There is no other performance target required except the eligible participant remains as an
employee of the Group during the vesting period and meet the expectation of the Company on daily performance.

Pursuant to share award notices issued on 15 May 2018 to those selected employees, an aggregate of 20,098,000 shares (the
“2018 Awarded Shares”) were granted at the consideration of HK$4 for each share and the earliest vesting date of the 2018
Awarded Shares is 15 May 2021. There is no other performance target required except the eligible participant remains as an
employee of the Group during the vesting period and meets the expectation of the Company on daily performance.

Pursuant to share award notices issued on 15 May 2019 to those selected employees, an aggregate of 25,206,000 shares (the
“2019 Awarded Shares”) were granted at the consideration of HK$4 for each share and the earliest vesting date of the 2019
Awarded Shares is 15 May 2022. There is no other performance target required except the eligible participant remains as an
employee of the Group during the vesting period and meets the expectation of the Company on daily performance.

As at 31 December 2021, the Board has not granted any share to employees nor any share being cancelled or lapsed under
the Scheme.

Changes to Information in respect of Directors

Save as disclosed in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” in this annual report, there was no change to
any of the information required to be disclosed in relation to any Director pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (e) and (g) of rule
13.51(2) of the Listing Rules for the year ended 31 December 2021.




                                                             41
                                                     Annual Report 2021
                                            REPORT OF DIRECTORS



Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Position in Shares, Underlying
Shares and Debentures

As at 31 December 2021, the interests or short positions of the Directors or chief executive of the Company in the Shares,
underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interest or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under
such provisions of the SFO), or which would be required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register
referred to therein, or which would be required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Model
Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules (the “Model
Code”), are as follows:

(i)      Interest in the Company
                                                                                                                                                    Approximate
                                                                                                                                                   percentage of
         Name of Director                                Nature of interest                              Number of securities                       shareholding


         Liu Dian Bo(1)(2)                               Founder of a discretionary trust                      1,257,196,703(L)                             35.50%
                                                                                                                  72,701,950(S)                              2.05%
         Zhang Hua Qiao(3)                               Beneficial owner                                            250,000(L)                              0.01%
         Lo Yuk Lam(3)                                   Beneficial owner                                            250,000(L)                              0.01%
         Leung Man Kit(3)                                Beneficial owner                                            250,000(L)                              0.01%
         Choy Sze Chung Jojo(3)                          Beneficial owner                                            250,000(L)                              0.01%
         Song Rui Lin(3)                                 Beneficial owner                                            250,000(L)                              0.01%

Remark:     The Letter “L” denotes long position in such securities and “S” denotes short position in such securities.

Notes:

1.       Mr. Liu Dian Bo through his controlled corporations, namely Shorea LBG, Ginkgo (PTC) Limited, Nelumbo Investments Limited, Luye Life Sciences
         Group Ltd., Luye Pharma Holdings Ltd., LuYe Pharmaceutical International Co., Ltd. and LuYe Pharmaceutical Investment Co., Ltd., is deemed to be
         interested in 1,257,196,703 ordinary shares and 72,701,950 short position in the Company held by LuYe Pharmaceutical Investment Co., Ltd. Nelumbo
         Investments Limited holds 70% of the issued share capital of Luye Life Sciences Group Ltd.

2.       The entire issued share capital of Nelumbo Investments Limited is held by Ginkgo (PTC) Limited as trustee of the family trust of Mr. Liu Dian Bo. Ginkgo (PTC)
         Limited is wholly-owned by Shorea LBG whose sole shareholder is Mr. Liu Dian Bo.

3.       These represent the interests in underlying Shares in respect of the awarded shares granted by the Company under Luye Pharma Share Award Scheme.




                                                                                 42
                                                                   Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                                           REPORT OF DIRECTORS



(ii)   Interest in associated corporations
                                                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                                                 percentage in
                                                                                                                                                 the registered
                                                                                                                                                  capital of the
                                                                                                                              Number of             associated
       Name of Director           Associated Corporation                        Nature of interest                             securities          corporation


       Liu Dian Bo                Luye Life Sciences Group Ltd.(2)              Founder of a discretionary trust                8,400(L)                     70%
       Liu Dian Bo                Ginkgo (PTC) Limited(1)                       Founder of a discretionary trust                    1(L)                    100%
       Liu Dian Bo                Luye Pharma Holdings Ltd.(2)                  Founder of a discretionary trust            1,136,852(L)                    100%
       Liu Dian Bo                LuYe Pharmaceutical International             Founder of a discretionary trust          202,180,988(L)                    100%
                                    Co., Ltd.(2)
       Liu Dian Bo                LuYe Pharmaceutical Investment                Founder of a discretionary trust                       1(L)                 100%
                                    Co., Ltd.(2)
       Liu Dian Bo                Nelumbo Investments Limited(1)                Founder of a discretionary trust                      1(L)                  100%
       Yang Rong Bing             Luye Life Sciences Group Ltd.(2)              Beneficial interest                               1,800(L)                   15%
       Yuan Hui Xian              Luye Life Sciences Group Ltd.(2)              Beneficial interest                               1,800(L)                   15%

       Remark: The Letter “L” denotes long position in such securities.


       Notes:


       1.       The entire issued share capital of Nelumbo Investments Limited is held by Ginkgo (PTC) Limited as trustee of the family trust of Mr. Liu Dian Bo.


       2.       Luye Life Sciences Group Ltd. holds the entire issued ordinary share capital of Luye Pharma Holdings Ltd. LuYe Pharmaceutical International
                Co.,Ltd. is wholly-owned by Luye Pharma Holdings Ltd. and LuYe Pharmaceutical Investment Co., Ltd. is wholly-owned by LuYe Pharmaceutical
                International Co., Ltd.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2021, none of our Directors and chief executive of the Company has any
interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations
(within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were (i) recorded in the register required to be kept under section 352 of
the SFO, or (ii) otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.



Directors’ Rights to Acquire Shares or Debentures

Save as otherwise disclosed in this annual report, no rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in or
debentures of the Company were granted to any Director or their respective spouse or children under 18 years of age, or
were any such rights exercised by them; or was the Company and any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to
enable the Directors, or their respective spouse or children under 18 years of age, to acquire such rights in any other body
corporate for the year ended 31 December 2021.




                                                                               43
                                                                    Annual Report 2021
                                           REPORT OF DIRECTORS



Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares and Underlying
Shares

As at 31 December 2021, to the best of the Directors’ knowledge, the following persons (other than the Directors and chief
executives of the Company) had or deemed or taken to have an interests and/or short position in the Shares or the
underlying Shares which fall to be disclosed under the provisions of Division 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in
the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                                                            Approximate
                                                                                                                         Number of         percentage of
Name                                                            Capacity/Nature of interest                               securities        shareholding


LuYe Pharmaceutical Investment Co., Ltd.(1)                     Beneficial owner                                  1,257,196,703(L)                  35.50%
                                                                                                                     72,701,950(S)                   2.05%
LuYe Pharmaceutical International Co., Ltd.(1)                  Interest in controlled corporation                1,257,196,703(L)                  35.50%
                                                                                                                     72,701,950(S)                   2.05%
Luye Pharma Holdings Limited(1)                                 Interest in controlled corporation                1,257,196,703(L)                  35.50%
                                                                                                                     72,701,950(S)                   2.05%
Luye Life Sciences Group Ltd.(2)                                Interest in controlled corporation                1,257,196,703(L)                  35.50%
                                                                                                                     72,701,950(S)                   2.05%
Nelumbo Investments Limited(2)                                  Interest in controlled corporation                1,257,196,703(L)                  35.50%
                                                                                                                     72,701,950(S)                   2.05%
Ginkgo (PTC) Limited(2)                                         Trustee                                           1,257,196,703(L)                  35.50%
                                                                                                                     72,701,950(S)                   2.05%
Shorea LBG(2)                                                   Interest in controlled corporation                1,257,196,703(L)                  35.50%
                                                                                                                     72,701,950(S)                   2.05%
Hillhouse Capital Management, Ltd.(3)                           Investment manager                                  552,324,108(L)                  15.60%
Hillhouse Fund V, LP.(3)                                        Interest in controlled corporation                  552,324,108(L)                  15.60%
Hillhouse NEV Holdings Limited(3)                               Beneficial owner                                    552,324,108(L)                  15.60%

Remark:     The Letter “L” denotes long position in such securities and “S” denotes short position in such securities.


Notes:


1.       LuYe Pharmaceutical Investment Co., Ltd. is wholly-owned by LuYe Pharmaceutical International Co., Ltd., which is in turn wholly-owned by Luye
         Pharma Holdings Ltd..


2.       Nelumbo Investments Limited holds 70% of the issued share capital of Luye Life Sciences Group Ltd. The entire issued share capital of Nelumbo
         Investments Limited is held by Ginkgo (PTC) Limited as trustee of the family trust of Mr. Liu Dian Bo. Ginkgo (PTC) Limited is wholly-owned by Shorea
         LBG whose sole shareholder is Mr. Liu Dian Bo.


3.       Hillhouse NEV Holdings Limited is wholly-owned by Hillhouse Fund V, L.P. and Hillhouse Capital Management, Ltd. is the sole investment manager of
         Hillhouse NEV Holdings Limited.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2021, the Directors have not been aware of any person who had interests or
short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company which would be required to be disclosed to the Company
under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to
Section 336 of the SFO.



                                                                               44
                                                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                                 REPORT OF DIRECTORS



Purchase, Sale or Redemption of Listed Securities

On 8 February 2021, the Company allotted and issued 292,406,881 new shares of the Company at HK$4.28 per Share in
cash to Hillhouse NEV pursuant to the subscription agreement dated 29 January 2021. Please refer to the section headed “Use
of Proceeds of Issue of New Shares” above for further details. Save as disclosed above, there was no purchase, sale and
redemption of any listed securities of the Company by the Company or any of its subsidiaries for the year ended 31
December 2021.



Tax Relief

The Company is not aware of any relief from taxation available to shareholders of the Company by reason of their holding of
Company’s shares.



Pre-Emptive Rights

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Bye-laws or the Companies Law that would oblige the
Company to offer new Shares on a pro rata basis to the existing Shareholders.



Permitted Indemnity Provision

According to the Bye-laws of the Company, among others, the Directors acting in relation to any of the affairs of the
Company may be entitled to be indemnified and secured harmless out of assets and profits of the Company from and
against all, among others, actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which they or any of them shall or may
incur or sustain. The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover in respect of legal action against its Directors.



Director’s and Controlling Shareholder’s Interest in Competing Business

A deed of non-compete undertaking dated 19 June 2014 (the “Deed of Non-compete Undertaking”) was entered into
between the Company and the controlling shareholder and the executive chairman of the Company, Mr. Liu Dian Bo, who
has undertaken to our Company that conditional upon Listing, he will not carry on, engage, invest, participate or otherwise
be interested in any business which competes or is likely to compete with any of the existing and/or future businesses
carried on by any shareholder of our Group in relation to developing, producing, marketing and selling innovative
pharmaceutical products.

As disclosed in the Prospectus, except for Mr. Liu Dian Bo’s interest in our Group, he is interested in the equity interest of
蕪湖綠葉製藥有限公司 (Wuhu Luye Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd.) (“Wuhu Luye”), which is owned as to 90% by 綠葉投資集團有
限公司 (Luye Investment Group Co. Ltd.) (“Luye Investment Group”) and 10% by 蕪湖長榮醫藥科技資訊諮詢有限責任公司
(Wuhu Changrong Pharmaceutical Technology Information Consulting Co. Ltd.), an independent third party. Luye Investment
Group is owned by the founding shareholders (namely, Messrs. Liu Dian Bo, Yuan Hui Xian (“Mr. Yuan”) and Yang Rong Bing
(“Mr. Yang”)) as to 70% by Mr. Liu Dian Bo and 15% by each of Mr. Yang and Mr. Yuan (each an executive Director). Wuhu
Luye is primarily engaged in the production and sale of Chinese medicine covering a number of therapeutic areas including
cardiocerebral vascular, neurology, neuropsychiatry and hepatology, which competes or is likely to compete, either directly
or indirectly, with our Group’s business.



                                                            45
                                                    Annual Report 2021
                                REPORT OF DIRECTORS



By reasons of the fact that Wuhu Luye and our Group have (i) different management teams; (ii) separate production facilities
and respective procurement teams to source raw materials and suppliers; (iii) independent sales and marketing activities;
and (iv) independent financial and accounting systems, and that Mr. Liu Dian Bo has already given an undertaking pursuant
to the Deed of Non-compete Undertaking, our Group is therefore capable of carrying on its business independently of, and
at arms length from, the excluded business as described above.

The Company has received an annual written confirmation from the controlling shareholder, Mr. Liu Dian Bo, in respect of his
compliance with the Deed of Non-compete Undertaking.

The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the Deed of Non-compete Undertaking and assessed whether the
controlling shareholder has abided by the non-competition undertaking. The independent non-executive Directors confirmed
that the controlling shareholder has not been in breach of the non-competition undertaking during the year ended 31
December 2021.

Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors held any interests in any business that compete directly against the Company
or any of its jointly controlled entities and subsidiaries during the year ended 31 December 2021.



Connected Transaction

The Company has complied with the disclosure requirements, to the extent they are not waived by the Stock Exchange, in
accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules with respect to the connected transaction entered into by the Group
during the year ended 31 December 2021.

A summary of the related party transactions entered into by the Group during the year ended 31 December 2021 is
contained in note 39 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report. The transactions summarised in such
note do not fall under the definition of “connected transactions” or “continuing connected transactions” under Chapter 14A
of the Listing Rules.



Charitable Donations

During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group made charitable and other donations in a total amount of RMB1.1
million.



Post Balance Sheet Events

After 31 December 2021 and up to the date of this annual report, to the best of the Directors’ knowledge, there was no
event occurred that has significantly affected the Group.



Audit Committee

The audit committee has reviewed together with the management the accounting principles and policies adopted by the
Group and the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021.




                                                           46
                                                 Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                                 REPORT OF DIRECTORS



Code of Conduct regarding Directors’ Securities Transactions

The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding Directors’ securities transactions on terms no less exacting than
the required standard set out in the Model Code. Specific enquiry has been made of all the Directors and the Directors have
confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code for the year ended 31 December 2021.



Corporate Governance

The Company is committed to maintaining the highest standard of corporate governance practices. Information on the
corporate governance practices adopted by the Company is set out in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 49 to 59
of this annual report.



Closure of Register of Shareholders

The Company’s AGM will be held on Monday, 20 June 2022. For determining the entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM,
the register of shareholders of the Company will be closed from Wednesday, 15 June 2022 to Monday, 20 June 2022, both
days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered. In order to be eligible to attend
and vote at the AGM, all transfer of shares of the Company, accompanied by the relevant share certificates, must be lodged
with the Company’s Hong Kong share registrars, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712–
1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for registration not later than 4:30 p.m.
on Tuesday, 14 June 2022.



Sufficiency of Public Float

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and to the knowledge of the Directors at the latest
practicable date in relation to this annual report, there was a sufficient public float of the issued shares of the Company under
the Listing Rules.




                                                              47
                                                      Annual Report 2021
                                REPORT OF DIRECTORS



Auditor

Ernst & Young has been appointed as auditor of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2021.

Ernst & Young shall retire at the AGM and, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-appointment. A resolution for the re-
appointment of Ernst & Young as independent auditor of the Company will be proposed at the AGM.




On behalf of the Board
Liu Dian Bo
Chairman

Hong Kong, 29 March 2022




                                                            48
                                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Corporate Governance Practices

The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests of shareholders
and to enhance corporate value and accountability. The Company has adopted the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG
Code”) contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules as its own code of corporate governance.

Save for the deviation disclosed in this annual report, in the opinion of the Directors, the Company has complied with all the
code provisions as set out in the CG Code in force during the year during the year ended 31 December 2021.



The Board

Responsibilities
The Board is responsible for the overall leadership of the Group, oversees the Group’s strategic decisions and monitors
business and performance. The Board has delegated the authority and responsibility for day-to-day management and
operation of the Group to the senior management of the Group. To oversee particular aspects of the Company’s affairs, the
Board has established three Board committees including the audit committee (the “Audit Committee”), the remuneration
committee (the “Remuneration Committee”) and the nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”) (together, the “Board
Committees”). The Board has delegated to the Board Committees responsibilities as set out in their respective terms of
reference.

All Directors shall ensure that they carry out duties in good faith, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and in
the interests of the Company and its shareholders at all times.

Board Composition
As at the date of this annual report, the Board comprises 10 members, consisting of 4 executive Directors, 2 non-executive
Directors and 4 independent non-executive Directors as set out below:

Executive Directors
Mr. LIU Dian Bo (Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. YANG Rong Bing (Vice Executive Chairman)
Mr. YUAN Hui Xian
Ms. ZHU Yuan Yuan

Non-executive Directors
Mr. SONG Rui Lin
Mr. SUN Xin (appointed on 8 February 2021)

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. ZHANG Hua Qiao
Professor LO Yuk Lam
Mr. LEUNG Man Kit
Mr. CHOY Sze Chung Jojo




                                                             49
                                                     Annual Report 2021
                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The biographies of the Directors are set out under the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of this annual
report.

During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Board at all times met the requirements of the Rules 3.10(1) and 3.10(2) of
the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors with at least one
independent non-executive Director possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial
management expertise.

The Company also complied Rule 3.10A of the Listing Rules, which relates to the appointment of independent non-
executive Directors representing at least one-third of the Board.

Each of the independent non-executive Directors has confirmed his independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules
and the Company considers each of them to be independent.

All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business experience,
knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning. Independent non-executive Directors
are invited to serve on the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee.

None of the Directors has any personal relationship (including financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship)
with any other Director.

As regards the CG Code provision requiring directors to disclose the number and nature of offices held in public companies
or organisations and other significant commitments as well as their identity and the time involved to the issuer, Directors have
agreed to disclose their commitments to the Company in a timely manner.

Induction and Continuous Professional Development
Each newly appointed Director is provided with necessary induction and information to ensure that he/she has a proper
understanding of the Company’s operations and businesses as well as his/her responsibilities under relevant status, laws,
rules and regulations. The Company also arranges regular seminars to provide Directors with updates on latest development
and changes in the Listing Rules and other relevant legal and regulatory requirements from time to time. The Directors are
also provided with regular updates on the Company’s performance, position and prospects to enable the Board as a whole
and each Director to discharge their duties.

According to A.6.5 of the CG Code, Directors should participate in appropriate continuous professional development to
develop and refresh their knowledge and skills to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.
According to the records kept by the Company, each of the Directors during the reporting period, namely, Mr. LIU Dian Bo,
Mr. YANG Rong Bing, Mr. YUAN Hui Xian, Ms. ZHU Yuan Yuan, Mr. SONG Rui Lin, Mr. SUN Xin, Mr. ZHANG Hua Qiao,
Professor LO Yuk Lam, Mr. LEUNG Man Kit and Mr. CHOY Sze Chung Jojo (a) attended seminars and/or trainings that are
relevant to the Directors’ professional knowledge and skills and in performing their duties and responsibilities as Directors;
and (b) read materials that are relevant to the Directors’ professional knowledge and skills and in performing their duties and
responsibilities as Directors during the year ended 31 December 2021.




                                                               50
                                                    Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
As required by code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be separate
and performed by different individuals.

Under the current organization structure of the Company, Mr. Liu Dian Bo is our Executive Chairman of the Board and the
Chief Executive Officer. Although the dual roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is a deviation from the CG Code, the
Board believes that with extensive experience in the pharmaceutical industry, vesting the roles of chairman and chief
executive officer in the same person is beneficial to the business prospects and management of the Group. The balance of
power and authority is ensured by the operation of the senior management and the Board, which comprise experienced and
high caliber individuals.

Appointment and Re-Election of Directors
Each of the executive Directors has entered into an appointment letter with the Company for a term of three years
commencing from 9 July 2020 and may be terminated in accordance with the respective terms of the appointment letters.

Mr. Song Rui Lin, the non-executive Director, has entered into an appointment letter with the Company for a term of two
years commencing from 29 March 2021 and may be terminated in accordance with the terms of the appointment letter.

Mr. Sun Xin, the non-executive Director, has entered into an appointment letter with the Company for a term of two years
commencing from 8 February 2021, which may be terminated in accordance with the terms of the appointment letter.

Each of the independent non-executive Directors has entered into an appointment letter with the Company for a term of two
years commencing from 9 July 2020 and may be terminated in accordance with the respective terms of the appointment
letters.

None of the Directors has a service agreement which is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of
compensation (other than statutory compensation).

In accordance with the Bye-laws, all Directors are subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years and any
new Director appointed to fill a casual vacancy shall submit himself/herself for re-election by the Shareholders at the first
general meeting of the Company after appointment and new Directors appointed as an addition to the Board shall submit
himself/herself for re-election by the Shareholders at the next following annual general meeting of the Company after
appointment.

The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of directors are set out in the Bye-laws. The
Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the Board composition, monitoring the appointment, re-election and
succession planning of Directors.




                                                            51
                                                    Annual Report 2021
                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Board Meetings
The Company has adopted the practice of holding board meetings regularly, at least four times a year, and at approximately
quarterly intervals. Notices of not less than 14 days will be given for all regular board meetings to provide all Directors with an
opportunity to attend and include matters in the agenda for a regular meeting.

For other Board and committee meetings, reasonable notice will generally be given. The agenda and accompanying board
papers are dispatched to the Directors or committee members at least three days before the meetings to ensure that they
have sufficient time to review the papers and be adequately prepared for the meetings. When directors or committee
members are unable to attend a meeting, they will be advised of the matters to be discussed and given an opportunity to
make their views known to the Chairman prior to the meeting.

Minutes of the board meetings and committee meetings will be recorded in sufficient detail the matters considered by the
Board and the committees and the decisions reached, including any concerns raised by the Directors. Draft minutes of each
board meeting and committee meeting are/will be sent to the Directors for comments within a reasonable time after the date
on which the meeting is held.

During the year ended 31 December 2021, seven board meetings, and one annual general meeting (“AGM”) were held and
the attendance of the individual Directors at these meetings is set out in the table below:

                                                                                         Attended/Eligible to
Name of Director                                                                       attend Board meeting                  AGM


Mr. LIU Dian Bo                                                                                             7/7                1/1
Mr. YANG Rong Bing                                                                                          6/7                0/1
Mr. YUAN Hui Xian                                                                                           2/7                0/1
Ms. ZHU Yuan Yuan                                                                                           7/7                1/1
Mr. SONG Rui Lin                                                                                            6/7                0/1
Mr. SUN Xin (appointed on 8 February 2021)                                                                  6/6                0/1
Mr. ZHANG Hua Qiao                                                                                          5/7                0/1
Professor LO Yuk Lam                                                                                        6/7                0/1
Mr. LEUNG Man Kit                                                                                           7/7                0/1
Mr. CHOY Sze Chung Jojo                                                                                     7/7                0/1

Model Code for Securities Transactions
The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding Directors’ securities transactions on terms no less exacting than
the required standard set out in the Model Code. Specific enquiry has been made of all the Directors and the Directors have
confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code for the year ended 31 December 2021.

The Company has also adopted its own code of conduct regarding employees’ securities transactions on terms no less
exacting than the standard set out in the Model Code for the compliance by its relevant employees who are likely to be in
possession of unpublished inside information of the Company in respect of their dealings in the Company’s securities.




                                                               52
                                                    Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Delegation by the Board
The Board reserves for its decision all major matters of the Company, including: approval and monitoring of all policy matters,
overall strategies and budgets, internal control and risk management systems, material transactions (in particular those that
may involve conflict of interests), financial information, appointment of Directors and other significant financial and operational
matters. Directors could have recourse to seek independent professional advice in performing their duties at the Company’s
expense and are encouraged to access and to consult with the Company’s senior management independently.

The daily management, administration and operation of the Group are delegated to the senior management. The delegated
functions and responsibilities are periodically reviewed by the Board. Approval has to be obtained from the Board prior to
any significant transactions entered into by the management.

Corporate Governance Function
The Board recognizes that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of Directors which include:

(a)   to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;

(b)   to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management of
      the Company;

(c)   to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;

(d)   to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and
      directors; and

(e)   to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

Remuneration of Directors and Senior Management
The Company has established a formal and transparent procedure for formulating policies on remuneration of Directors and
senior management of the Group. Details of the remuneration of each of the Directors for the year ended 31 December 2021
are set out in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

The biographies of the senior management are disclosed in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” in this
annual report. Remuneration paid to the top senior management (excluding the Directors) for the year ended 31 December
2021 fell within the following bands as follows:

Remuneration Band                                                                                              No. of employees


RMB3,000,001 to RMB3,500,000                                                                                                    1
RMB3,500,001 to RMB4,000,000                                                                                                    1
RMB4,000,001 to RMB4,500,000                                                                                                    —
RMB4,500,001 to RMB5,000,000                                                                                                    —
RMB5,000,001 to RMB5,500,000                                                                                                    1


                                                                                                                                 3


Directors’ Liability Insurance
The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover in respect of legal action against its Directors.



                                                               53
                                                      Annual Report 2021
                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Board Committees

Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee currently comprises three members, namely Professor Lo Yuk Lam (chairman), Mr. Zhang Hua
Qiao and Mr. Choy Sze Chung Jojo, all of them are independent non-executive Directors.

The principal duties of the Nomination Committee include reviewing the Board composition, making recommendation to the
Board on the appointment and succession planning of Directors, and assessing the independence of the independent non-
executive Directors. The Nomination Committee adopted certain criteria and procedure in the nomination of new directors.
The Nomination Committee will assess the candidate or incumbent on criteria such as integrity, experience, skill and ability to
commit time and effort to carry out the duties and responsibilities. The recommendations of the Nomination Committee will
then be put to the Board for decision.

In assessing the suitability of a proposed candidate before recommending to the Board for it to consider and make
recommendations to the Shareholders for election as Directors at general meetings or appoint as Directors to fill casual
vacancies, the Nomination Committee will consider factors including, without limitation, character and integrity of the
proposed candidates, qualifications of the proposed candidates including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and
experience, accomplishments and experience of the proposed candidates in the business from time to time, commitment of
the proposed candidates in respect of available time and relevant interest, diversity and balance of the Board and such other
perspectives appropriate to the Company’s business.

Nomination Policy
A director nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) adopted by the Board aims to enhancing transparency and accountability
of the nomination process of Directors and enabling the Company to ensure the Board has a balance of skills and experience
and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business.

The selection criteria for assessing the suitability of a proposed candidate which shall be taken as reference by the
Nomination Committee includes: character and integrity, professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience that
are relevant to the Company’s business and strategy, the potential contribution to the Board from the diversity aspects
(including but not limited to age, gender, international background, and professional experience), the candidate’s time
commitment to the Company, the candidate’s service on other boards of directors of the Group or of other companies (whether
they are listed or non-listed) and any other factors as the Nomination Committee may deem fit to consider in the best
interests of the Company and its shareholders. These above selection criteria are not exhaustive or conclusive. The
Nomination Committee would consider any other factors as the Nomination Committee may deem fit to consider in the best
interests of the Company and shareholders of the Company.

For those potential new director candidates who appear upon first consideration to meet the Board’s selection criteria, upon
obtaining the required information from the candidate, the Nomination Committee shall convene a meeting to discuss and
consider the recommendation of the candidate to the Board for appointment as a Director. The Nomination Committee shall
review whether the candidate is qualified to be appointed, elected or re-elected into the Board under the relevant Listing
Rules and the policies of the Company.

The Board and the Nomination Committee intend to review the Nomination Policy at least annually and anticipate that
modifications may be necessary from time to time as the Company’s needs and circumstances evolve, and as applicable if
and where the legal obligations or requirements in the Listing Rules or laws of Hong Kong or Bermuda, or other regulatory
change(s).




                                                             54
                                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The written terms of reference of Nomination Committee are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
Company.

During the year ended 31 December 2021, two meetings of the Nomination Committee was held and the attendance record
of the Nomination Committee members is set out in the table below:

Directors                                                                                     Attended/Eligible to attend


Professor LO Yuk Lam                                                                                                   1/2
Mr. ZHANG Hua Qiao                                                                                                     2/2
Mr. CHOY Sze Chung Jojo                                                                                                2/2

During the year 2021, the Nomination Committee reviewed the Board composition, recommended the appointment of a
non-executive Director to the Board and made recommendation to the Board on the re-election of retiring Directors.

Board Diversity Policy
The Company views diversity at the Board level as an essential element in supporting the attainment of its strategic
objectives and its sustainable development. To that end, the Company has adopted a Board Diversity Policy to set out the
approach to achieve diversity on the Board. In designing the Board’s composition, Board diversity has been considered from
a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional
experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. Ultimately, all Board appointments have been based on merit, and
candidates were considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board.

Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee comprises three members, namely Mr. Choy Sze Chung Jojo (chairman), Mr. Zhang Hua Qiao
and Professor LO Yuk Lam, all of them are independent non-executive Directors.

The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include making recommendations to the Board for approval on the
remuneration policy and structure and remuneration packages of the Directors and the senior management. The
Remuneration Committee is also responsible for ensuring that no Director or any of his/her associates will participate in
deciding his/her own remuneration.

The written terms of reference of Remuneration Committee are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
Company.

During the year ended 31 December 2021, two meetings of the Remuneration Committee were held and the attendance
record of the Remuneration Committee members is set out in the table below:

Directors                                                                                     Attended/Eligible to attend


Mr. CHOY Sze Chung Jojo                                                                                                2/2
Mr. ZHANG Hua Qiao                                                                                                     2/2
Professor LO Yuk Lam                                                                                                   2/2

During the year 2021, the Remuneration Committee assessed the performance of the Directors and reviewed the Company’s
policy and structure for all directors’ and senior management remuneration.


                                                           55
                                                   Annual Report 2021
                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Audit Committee
The Audit Committee comprises three members namely, Mr. Leung Man Kit (chairman), Mr. Zhang Hua Qiao and Professor
Lo Yuk Lam, all of them are independent non-executive Directors. The main duties of the Audit Committee include the
following:

—    To review the financial statements and reports before submission to the Board;

—    To review and monitor the external auditor’s independence and objectivity and effectiveness of the audit process in
     accordance with applicable standard and discuss with external auditor the nature and scope of the audit and reporting
     obligations before the audit commences;

—    To review the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s financial reporting system, internal control system and risk
     management system and associated procedures, including the adequacy of the resources, staff qualifications and
     experience, training programmes and budget of the Company’s accounting and financial reporting function; and

—    To oversee the risk management and internal control systems of the Group, report to the Board on any material issue,
     and make recommendations to the Board.

The written terms of reference of Audit Committee are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

During the year ended 31 December 2021, two meetings of the Audit Committee were held and the attendance record of
the Audit Committee members is set out in the table below:

Directors                                                                                      Attended/Eligible to attend


Mr. LEUNG Man Kit                                                                                                       2/2
Mr. ZHANG Hua Qiao                                                                                                      2/2
Professor LO Yuk Lam                                                                                                    2/2

During the year 2021, the Audit Committee had reviewed the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December
2020 and interim results of the Company and its subsidiaries for the period ended 30 June 2021, the risk management
systems and processes for the re-appointment of the external auditor. There are proper arrangements for employees, in
confidence, to raise concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control and other matters.

Directors’ Responsibilities for Financial Reporting in respect of Financial Statements
The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021
which give a true and fair view of the affairs of the Company and the Group and of the Group’s results and cash flows.

The management has provided to the Board such explanation and information as are necessary to enable the Board to carry
out an informed assessment of the Company’s financial statements, which are put to the Board for approval. The Company
provides all members of the Board with monthly updates on Company’s performance, positions and prospects.

The Directors were not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast significant doubt
upon the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.

The statement by the auditor of the Company regarding their reporting responsibilities on the consolidated financial
statements of the Company is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on page 63 of this annual report.




                                                           56
                                                 Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Risk Management and Internal Control
The Board acknowledges that it is the responsibility of the Board for maintaining an adequate internal control system to
safeguard shareholders investments and Company assets and reviewing the effectiveness of such system on an annual
basis. The Board also clarifies that the system is purported to manage, but not eliminate, the risk of failure to fulfil business
objectives, and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss

The Group has established an internal audit department to review the financial condition, operational condition, risk
management, compliance control and internal control of the Group. Management is responsible for performing risk
assessment, and owning the implementation and maintenance of internal control. Essential to this risk management and
internal control systems are well defined policies and procedures that are properly documented and communicated to
employees.

At least annually, the Board, through the Audit Committee, review the effectiveness of the risk management and the internal
control systems of the Company including the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience of staff of the
Company’s accounting and financial reporting function, and their training programmes and budget and considered the
internal control system is effective and adequate. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Board, through the Audit
Committee, conducted a review of the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control system of the Company
including the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience of staff of the Company’s accounting and financial
reporting function, and their training programmes and budget and considered the risk management and the internal control
systems are effective and adequate.

The Group’s risk management and internal control system is embedded within our business processes so that it functions as
an integral part of the overall operation of the Group. The system comprises a comprehensive organisation structure with
assignment of definite accountabilities and delegation of corresponding authorities to each post. Based on our organization
structure, a reporting system has been developed including reporting channels from division heads of business units to the
Board.

The risk management and internal control systems and accounting system of the Group are aimed at identifying and
evaluating the Group’s risk and formulate risk mitigation strategies, and to provide reasonable assurance that assets are
safeguarded against unauthorised use or disposition, transactions are executed in accordance with management’s
authorisation, and the accounting records are reliable for preparing financial information used within the business for
publication, maintaining accountability for assets and liabilities and ensuring the business operations are in accordance with
relevant legislation, regulations and internal guidelines.

The Group has a defined organisational structure with clear defined lines of responsibility and authority. Each department is
accountable for its daily operations and is required to report to Executive Directors on a regular basis. Policies and
procedures are set for each department, which includes establishing and maintaining effective policies to enhance risks
identification to which the Group are exposed and taking appropriate action to manage such risks, establishing a structure
with defined authorities and proper segregation of duties; monitoring the strategic plan and performance; designing an
effective accounting and information system; controlling price sensitive information; and ensuring swift actions and timely
communication with our stakeholders.




                                                              57
                                                      Annual Report 2021
                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Dissemination of Inside Information

With respect to the procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information, the Group has
internal policy and procedures which strictly prohibit unauthorised use of inside information and has communicated to all
staff; the Board is aware of its obligations to announce any inside information in accordance with the Listing Rules and
conducts the affairs with reference to the “Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information” issued by the Securities and
Futures Commission in June 2012. In addition, only Directors and delegated officers can act as the Group’s spokesperson
and respond to external enquiries about the Group’s affairs.



Auditor’s Remuneration

For the year ended 31 December 2021, the total remuneration paid or payable to the Company’s auditors, Ernst & Young,
for annual audit and other audit services totally RMB10.6 million.

An analysis of the remuneration paid or payable to Ernst & Young is set out below:

Items of auditors’ services                                                                             Amount (RMB’000)


Audit services                                                                                                       10,648
Non-audit services — transfer pricing advisory services                                                                 825


Total                                                                                                                11,473


The Audit Committee and the Board have agreed on the re-appointment of Ernst & Young as the independent auditor of the
Group for 2022 and the proposal will be submitted for approval at the AGM to be held on 20 June 2022.



Company Secretary

Ms. Lee Mei Yi (“Ms. Lee”) has been appointed as the company secretary of the Company since 1 December 2020. Ms. Lee
is an executive director of the Corporate Services Department of Tricor Services Limited, and she has closely communicated
with Ms. Zhu Yuan Yuan, an executive Director of the Company.

During the year 2021, Ms. Lee undertook not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training in compliance with Rule 3.29
of the Listing Rules.



Communication with Shareholders and Investor Relations

The Company considers that effective communication with shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations and
understanding of the Group’s business, performance and strategies. The Company also recognises the importance of timely
and non-selective disclosure of information, which will enable shareholders and investors to make the informed investment
decisions.




                                                            58
                                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The annual general meeting of the Company provides opportunity for shareholders to communicate directly with the
Directors. The Chairman of the Company, the chairman of each Board Committee of the Company will attend the AGMs to
answer shareholders’ questions. The external auditor of the Company will also attend the AGMs to answer questions about
the conduct of the audit, the preparation and contents of the auditor’s report, the accounting policies and auditor
independence.

To promote effective communication, the Company adopts a shareholders’ communication policy which aims at establishing
a two-way relationship and communication between the Company and its shareholders and maintains a website at www.
luye.cn, where up-to-date information on the Company’s business operations and developments, financial information,
corporate governance practices and other information are available for public access.



Shareholders’ Rights

To safeguard shareholders’ interests and rights, a separate resolution will be proposed for each issue at shareholder
meetings, including the election of individual directors. All resolutions put forward at shareholder meetings will be voted on by
poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll results will be posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange in
a timely manner after each shareholder meeting.

Convening of Special General Meeting and Putting Forward Proposals
In accordance with the Bye-laws, a special general meeting shall be convened on the requisition of one or more shareholders
of the Company holding, at the date of deposit of the requisition, not less than one tenth of the paid up capital of the
Company having the right of voting at general meetings.

Such requisition shall be made in writing to the Board or the Company Secretary for the purpose of requiring a special
general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition. Such meeting
shall be held within 2 months after the deposit of such requisition.

Shareholders may put forward proposals for consideration at an annual general meeting in accordance with the Companies
Act 1981 of Bermuda and the Bye-laws.

As regards proposing a person for election as a Director, the procedures are available on the website of the Company.

Enquiries to the Board or Proposals at Company’s General Meetings
Written enquiries to the Board and proposals at general meetings of the Company may be made at the Company’s principal
place of business in Hong Kong at Unit 3207, 32/F, Champion Tower, 3 Garden Road, Central, Hong Kong for the attention
to the Chairman of the Board. Other enquiries may be made by telephone at (852) 3523 0428 or by fax at (852) 3524 0430.



Change in Constitutional Documents

There was no change in the Bye-laws of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2021.




                                                              59
                                                      Annual Report 2021
    Independent auditor’s report




To the shareholders of Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)



Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Luye Pharma Group Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the
“Group”) set out on pages 65 to 180, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December
2021, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and
notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at 31 December 2021 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance.



Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group
in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other
ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.



Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of
procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide
the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.


                                                            60
                                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                   Independent auditor’s report



Key audit matter                                                   How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Impairment testing of goodwill

The carrying amount of goodwill at 31 December 2021 was            We reviewed and tested management’s future
RMB985,413,000. The Group performs its impairment test of          forecasted cash flows and key assumptions by
goodwill annually or more frequently if events or changes in       comparing to the Group’s development plan, budget
circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired.    and financial projections and analysis of the industry.
Management’s impairment test is important to our audit because     We involved our valuation specialist to assist us in
the assessment process is complex and requires significant         evaluating the key valuation parameters such as the
judgement and estimates on assumptions including growth rate,      discount rate, the growth rate applied and the valuation
gross margin and discount rate.                                    model with forecasted cash flows.

The Group’s disclosures about impairment testing of goodwill
are included in note 2.4 Summary of significant accounting
policies, note 3 Significant accounting judgements and estimates
and note 15 Goodwill, which specifically explain the accounting
policies and management’s assumptions and accounting
estimates.

Capitalisation of development costs

During the year ended 31 December 2021, expenditure incurred       We evaluated management judgement on the
on projects to develop new pharmaceutical products of              distinction between research and development phase
RMB793,250,000 was capitalised in other intangible assets in       and the satisfaction of capitalisation criteria in
the consolidated financial statements. The expenditure on          comparison to industry practice and the Group’s
development activities is capitalised when all the criteria        policy. We obtained an understanding of the Group’s
mentioned in note 2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies   internal approval process regarding the capitalisation
were satisfied. Significant management estimation and              of development costs by conducting interviews with
judgement were required in determining whether the capitalised     key management members in charge of research,
costs met the capitalisation criteria.                             development and commercialisation of various
                                                                   projects. We also examined technical feasibility reports
The Group’s disclosures about the capitalisation of development    and certifications related to different stages of
costs are included in note 2.4 Summary of significant accounting   development activities and reviewed the expenditure
policies, note 3 Significant accounting judgements and estimates   documents relevant to separately accounted
and note 16 Other intangible assets, which specifically explain    development costs.
the accounting policies and management’s assumptions and
accounting estimates.




                                                           61
                                                   Annual Report 2021
                    Independent auditor’s report



Key audit matter                                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Impairment testing of other intangible assets with indefinite life

As at 31 December 2021, other intangible assets with indefinite        We checked the key assumptions including the
lives amounted to RMB1,361,999,000. The Group performs its             product’s projected market share, expected selling
impairment test for indefinite-life intangible assets at least on an   price and associated costs to be incurred against
annual basis. The impairment reviews performed by the Group            industrial analyst commentaries, consensus forecasts
contained significant judgement and estimates on assumptions           of certain therapeutic area and benchmark data for
including growth rate, profit margin and discount rate.                comparable companies where available. We involved
                                                                       our internal valuation specialists to assist us in
The Group’s disclosures on other intangible assets with indefinite     evaluation of the methodologies used in the impairment
lives are included in note 2.4 Summary of significant accounting       analysis, in particular discount rate and growth rate.
policies, note 3 Significant accounting judgements and estimates
and note 16 Other intangible assets, which specifically explain
the accounting policies and management’s assumptions and
accounting estimates.



Other information included in the Annual Report

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the Management
Discussion and Analysis of the Annual Report (but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
report thereon), which we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report, and the Chairman’s Statement, the Report of
Directors and the Corporate Governance Report, which are expected to be made available to us after that date.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed
on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

When we read the Chairman’s Statement, the Report of Directors and the Corporate Governance Report, if we conclude
that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter to the Audit Committee.



Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial statements

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.




                                                                62
                                                     Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                   Independent auditor’s report



In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations
or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the
Group’s financial reporting process.



Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Our
report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 90 of the Bermuda Companies Act 1981, and for no
other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or
     error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
     appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
     higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
     misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s
     internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
     disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
     audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant
     doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are
     required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or,
     if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained
     up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue
     as a going concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
     disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
     manner that achieves fair presentation.


                                                             63
                                                     Annual Report 2021
                   Independent auditor’s report



•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
     within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction,
     supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in
the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in
extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Lai Chee Kong.




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
29 March 2022




                                                            64
                                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
         Consolidated Statement of
               Profit or Loss
                                    Year ended 31 December 2021




                                                                              2021            2020
                                                                  Notes    RMB’000         RMB’000


REVENUE                                                            5       5,200,226      5,539,641
Cost of sales                                                             (1,803,486)    (1,549,027)


Gross profit                                                               3,396,740      3,990,614

Other income and gains                                             5         330,690        403,290
Selling and distribution expenses                                         (1,704,780)    (1,663,893)
Administrative expenses                                                     (570,844)      (521,482)
Other expenses                                                            (1,127,606)      (844,079)
Finance costs                                                       7       (399,458)      (424,002)
Share of profit of an associate                                    17            701          1,726


(LOSS)/PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                           6         (74,557)       942,174

Income tax expense                                                 10        (70,226)      (238,909)


(LOSS)/PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                  (144,783)       703,265


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                      (134,392)       706,586
  Non-controlling interests                                                   (10,391)        (3,321)


                                                                            (144,783)       703,265


(LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
  ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT

Basic (RMB)                                                        12     (3.90 cents)   22.17 cents


Diluted (RMB)                                                      12     (3.90 cents)   22.12 cents




                                                65
                                         Annual Report 2021
         Consolidated Statement of
           Comprehensive Income
                                              Year ended 31 December 2021




                                                                                      2021         2020
                                                                            Note   RMB’000      RMB’000


(LOSS)/PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                         (144,783)    703,265


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified
  to profit or loss in subsequent periods:

Exchange differences:
  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                         (30,534)     54,985


Net other comprehensive income that may be reclassified
 to profit or loss in subsequent periods                                            (30,534)     54,985


Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified
  to profit or loss in subsequent periods:

Equity investments designated at fair value through
  other comprehensive income:
  Changes in fair value                                                               6,178       3,561
  Income tax effect                                                                    (491)         —


                                                                                      5,687       3,561

Remeasurement on defined benefit plan                                       41          788       1,370
Income tax effect                                                                        (68)        (66)


                                                                                        720       1,304
Net other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified
 to profit or loss in subsequent periods                                              6,407       4,865


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX                                 (24,127)     59,850


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                                            (168,910)    763,115


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                             (158,519)    766,436
  Non-controlling interests                                                          (10,391)     (3,321)


                                                                                   (168,910)    763,115




                                                               66
                                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
          Consolidated Statement of
              Financial Position
                                                    31 December 2021




                                                                                     2021         2020
                                                                         Notes    RMB’000      RMB’000


NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                                             13      3,858,491    3,677,698
Advance payments for property, plant and equipment and
  other intangible assets                                                           390,989      323,678
Right-of-use assets                                                      14(a)      344,990      337,960
Goodwill                                                                  15        985,413    1,056,583
Other intangible assets                                                   16      5,441,833    4,770,004
Investment in an associate                                                17          8,659        8,640
Long-term receivables                                                                 8,380        8,000
Equity investments designated at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                                              18        95,273       61,556
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                     22       478,263        1,263
Pledged time deposits                                                     23       440,000      300,000
Deferred tax assets                                                       32       133,106      114,743


Total non-current assets                                                         12,185,397   10,660,125


CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                               19        746,344      612,303
Trade and notes receivables                                               20      1,765,096    1,553,089
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                           21      1,039,538      470,508
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                     22      2,684,198    1,431,907
Restricted cash                                                           23         31,982       37,473
Pledged time deposits                                                     23      1,303,395    1,890,776
Time deposits with original maturity of over three months                 23        387,859      109,000
Cash and cash equivalents                                                 23      2,438,252    3,865,385


Total current assets                                                             10,396,664    9,970,441


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and notes payables                                                  24        570,890      485,262
Other payables and accruals                                               25      1,318,092      729,875
Derivative financial instruments                                          26             —        22,563
Interest-bearing loans and borrowings                                     27      5,263,216    5,642,855
Government grants                                                         31         31,353       45,193
Tax payable                                                                         141,142      308,346
Dividend payable                                                                      5,500           —


Total current liabilities                                                         7,330,193    7,234,094


NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                3,066,471    2,736,347


TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                            15,251,868   13,396,472


                                                            67
                                                    Annual Report 2021
                        Consolidated Statement of
                            Financial Position
                                                        31 December 2021




                                                                                             2021          2020
                                                                               Notes      RMB’000       RMB’000


TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                    15,251,868    13,396,472


NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Convertible bonds                                                               28        1,870,654     1,810,930
Interest-bearing loans and borrowings                                           27        2,356,923     2,527,715
Contingent consideration payables                                               29          334,378       638,556
Government grants                                                               31          209,387       185,657
Redemption liabilities on non-controlling interests                             36        1,202,818            —
Employee defined benefit obligation                                             41            6,793         8,080
Deferred tax liabilities                                                        32           57,874        74,320
Other non-current liabilities                                                   30           99,138        52,199


Total non-current liabilities                                                             6,137,965     5,297,457


Net assets                                                                                9,113,903     8,099,015


EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Issued capital                                                                  33          455,835       417,991
Treasury shares                                                                 33         (279,558)     (279,558)
Share premium                                                                             1,715,981     1,042,005
Equity component of convertible bonds                                           28          292,398       292,398
Reserves                                                                        34        6,303,467     6,418,395


                                                                                          8,488,123     7,891,231

Non-controlling interests                                                       35          625,780      207,784


Total equity                                                                              9,113,903     8,099,015




                         Mr. Liu Dianbo                                         Mr. Yang Rongbing
                             Director                                                 Director




                                                               68
                                                      Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                  Consolidated Statement of
                      Changes in Equity
                                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2021




                                                                                                               Attributable to owners of the parent

                                                                                                                                                                         Fair value
                                                                                                                                                                         reserve of
                                                                                                                                                                  financial assets
                                                                                                     Equity                          Share                             at fair value  Foreign
                                                                                         Share   component        Safety Statutory  award                            through other   currency              Non-
                                                                  Issued Treasury     premium of convertible production    surplus scheme Retained                comprehensive translation          controlling         Total
                                                                  capital   shares     account       bonds       reserve* reserve* reserve* earnings*                       income*   reserve* Total   interests        equity
                                                                RMB’000 RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000                                RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                (note 33) (note 33)                (note 28)   (note 34) (note 34)


At 1 January 2021                                                417,991 (279,558) 1,042,005        292,398     11,518    1,025,835    149,443    5,183,442              (3,771)    51,928     7,891,231    207,784 8,099,015
Loss for the year                                                     —        —          —              —          —            —          —      (134,392)                 —          —       (134,392)   (10,391) (144,783)
Other comprehensive income for the year:
    Change in fair value of equity investments at fair value
         through other comprehensive income, net of tax               —         —          —             —          —            —           —             —              5,687          —         5,687         —        5,687
    Exchange differences related to foreign operations                —         —          —             —          —            —           —             —                 —      (30,534)     (30,534)        —      (30,534)
    Remeasurement on defined benefit plan, net of tax                 —         —          —             —          —            —           —            720                —           —           720         —          720


Total comprehensive income for the year                               —         —          —             —          —            —          —         (133,672)           5,687     (30,534) (158,519)       (10,391) (168,910)
Equity-settled share award expense (note 40)                          —         —          —             —          —            —      43,591              —                —           —      43,591         6,385    49,976
Transfer to statutory reserves                                        —         —          —             —          —        56,192         —          (56,192)              —           —          —             —         —
Issue of shares                                                   37,844        — 1,006,633              —          —            —          —               —                —           — 1,044,477              — 1,044,477
Appropriation to safety production reserve                            —         —          —             —      23,781           —          —          (23,781)              —           —          —             —         —
Safety production reserve used                                        —         —          —             —     (10,005)          —          —           10,005               —           —          —             —         —
Capital contribution from non-controlling shareholders (note)         —         —    814,933             —          —            —          —               —                —           —    814,933       415,280 1,230,213
Exemption of payables                                                 —         —     (12,222)           —          —            —          —               —                —           —     (12,222)       12,222        —
Redemption rights on non-controlling interests (note 36)              —         — (1,135,368)            —          —            —          —               —                —           — (1,135,368)            — (1,135,368)
Dividend paid to a non-controlling shareholder                        —         —          —             —          —            —          —               —                —           —          —         (5,500)   (5,500)


At 31 December 2021                                              455,835 (279,558) 1,715,981        292,398     25,294    1,082,027    193,034    4,979,802               1,916     21,394     8,488,123    625,780   9,113,903



Note: During the year, non-controlling shareholders contributed RMB1,230,213,000 in a subsidiary, Shandong BoAn Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (“Boan Biotech”)
            and certain of the non-controlling shareholders have redemption rights. Further details are included in note 36 to the financial statements.




                                                                                                              69
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2021
                                              Consolidated Statement of
                                                  Changes in Equity
                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2021




                                                                                                                         Attributable to owners of the parent

                                                                                                                                                                                     Fair value
                                                                                                                                                                                    reserve of
                                                                                                                                                                              financial assets
                                                                                                             Equity                               Share                           at fair value      Foreign
                                                                                           Share       component           Safety    Statutory   award                          through other       currency                       Non-
                                                                  Issued Treasury       premium      of convertible   production       surplus scheme           Retained      comprehensive       translation                controlling      Total
                                                                  capital   shares       account             bonds        reserve*     reserve* reserve*         earnings*             income*       reserve*      Total       interests     equity
                                                                RMB’000 RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000 RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                (note 33) (note 33)                       (note 28)     (note 34)    (note 34)


At 1 January 2020                                               420,565     (279,558) 2,699,052           292,398             —       907,644      99,871       4,780,748              (7,332)       (3,057) 8,910,331          10,053 8,920,384
Profit/(loss) for the year                                           —            —          —                 —              —            —           —          706,586                  —             —     706,586           (3,321) 703,265
Other comprehensive income for the year:
     Change in fair value of equity investments at fair value
          through other comprehensive income, net of tax              —           —           —                 —             —            —            —              —               3,561             —         3,561             —        3,561
     Exchange differences related to foreign operations               —           —           —                 —             —            —            —              —                  —          54,985       54,985             —       54,985
     Remeasurement on defined benefit plan, net of tax                —           —           —                 —             —            —            —           1,304                 —              —         1,304             —        1,304


Total comprehensive income for the year                               —           —           —                 —             —            —           —         707,890               3,561         54,985      766,436         (3,321)    763,115
Cancellation of treasury shares                                   (2,574)     77,962     (75,388)               —             —            —           —              —                   —              —             —             —            —
Repurchase of shares                                                  —      (77,962)         —                 —             —            —           —              —                   —              —        (77,962)           —       (77,962)
Equity-settled share award expense (note 40)                          —           —           —                 —             —            —       49,572             —                   —              —         49,572         1,332       50,904
Business combination involving entities under
     common control (note)                                            —           — (1,338,161)                 —             —            —            —               —                  —             — (1,338,161)              — (1,338,161)
Transfer to statutory reserves                                        —           —          —                  —             —       118,191           —        (118,191)                 —             —          —               —           —
Appropriation to safety production reserve                            —           —          —                  —        17,513            —            —          (17,513)                —             —          —               —           —
Safety production reserve used                                        —           —          —                  —         (5,995)          —            —            5,995                 —             —          —               —           —
Final 2019 dividend                                                   —           —          —                  —             —            —            —        (175,487)                 —             — (175,487)                — (175,487)
Exemption of interest                                                 —           —       1,645                 —             —            —            —               —                  —             —       1,645              —        1,645
Capital contribution from non-controlling shareholders                —           —     (55,515)                —             —            —            —               —                  —             —     (55,515)        55,515           —
Acquisition of non-controlling interests                              —           — (189,628)                   —             —            —            —               —                  —             — (189,628)          149,205     (40,423)
Dividend paid to a non-controlling shareholder                        —           —          —                  —             —            —            —               —                  —             —          —           (5,000)     (5,000)


At 31 December 2020                                             417,991     (279,558) 1,042,005           292,398        11,518      1,025,835    149,443       5,183,442              (3,771)       51,928     7,891,231     207,784      8,099,015



Note: On 17 February 2020, the Group obtained control over Boan Biotech through a business combination involving entities under common control.


*           These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB6,303,467,000 (2020: RMB6,418,395,000) in the consolidated statement of financial
            position.




                                                                                                                       70
                                                                                                    Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
         Consolidated Statement of
                Cash Flows
                                                Year ended 31 December 2021




                                                                                              2021          2020
                                                                                   Notes   RMB’000       RMB’000


(Loss)/profit before tax                                                                     (74,557)     942,174
Adjustments for:
  Share of profit of an associate                                                   17           (701)        (1,726)
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                     13       309,211       268,223
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                              14(a)       33,516        27,480
  Amortisation of other intangible assets                                           16       239,255       215,196
  Gain on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                         5        (11,357)            (87)
  Bank interest income                                                               5      (101,996)     (109,170)
  Interest income on loans to a related party                                                      —          (1,235)
  Investment income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss      5         (78,117)      (40,646)
  Dividend income from equity investments at fair value through
     other comprehensive income                                                     5         (9,573)           —
  Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss             14,808          3,458
  Remeasurement of contingent considerations                                        29       57,505        23,761
  Changes in fair value of redemption liabilities on non-controlling interests      36       67,450             —
  Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors                                   14(b)          —         (1,675)
  Equity-settled share award expense                                                         49,976        50,904
  Finance costs                                                                     7       399,458       424,002
  Defined benefit plan                                                                           (41)        1,323
  Fair value losses on derivative financial instruments                             26            —        22,563
  Provision for a legal claim                                                       37      273,482             —


                                                                                           1,168,319     1,824,545

(Increase)/decrease in trade and notes receivables                                          (211,760)      144,998
Increase in prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                 (556,809)     (161,166)
(Increase)/decrease in inventories                                                          (134,041)          4,875
Decrease/(increase) in restricted cash                                                          5,491           (830)
Decrease/(increase) in pledged time deposits                                                 106,147      (402,000)
Decrease in government grants                                                                  (6,430)      (16,857)
Increase in trade and notes payables                                                          43,643       144,214
Increase/(decrease) in other payables and accruals                                           287,926          (5,562)
Increase in long-term receivables                                                                (380)        (8,000)
Increase in other non-current liabilities                                                     48,131              —


Cash generated from operations                                                               750,237     1,524,217
Interest paid                                                                               (297,123)     (330,355)
Income tax paid                                                                             (270,743)     (160,413)


Net cash flows from operating activities                                                    182,371      1,033,449




                                                               71
                                                       Annual Report 2021
                       Consolidated Statement of
                              Cash Flows
                                                Year ended 31 December 2021




                                                                                   2021          2020
                                                                                RMB’000       RMB’000


Net cash flows from operating activities                                         182,371     1,033,449


CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment and
   construction in progress                                                      (556,199)     (692,813)
Prepayments for right-of-use assets                                                    —         (95,045)
Increase in other intangible assets                                              (985,396)     (732,025)
Purchases of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss             (3,696,805)   (2,859,220)
Proceeds from sales of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    1,919,002     3,261,845
Receipts of investment income from financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss                                                                 68,467        64,151
Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                  13,770         2,310
Receipts of government grants for property, plant and equipment                   16,320        97,160
(Increase)/decrease in time deposits with original maturity of
   over three months                                                            (278,859)      892,000
Increase in pledged time deposits                                                 (30,977)      (14,942)
Receipts of repayments from a related party                                            —       112,185
Interest received                                                                  94,645      102,591


Net cash flows (used in)/from investing activities                             (3,436,032)     138,197




                                                               72
                                                     Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                      Consolidated Statement of
                             Cash Flows
                                            Year ended 31 December 2021




                                                                                          2021           2020
                                                                              Notes    RMB’000        RMB’000


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from loans                                                                    7,155,047      7,352,854
Repayment of loans                                                                    (7,536,692)    (5,896,686)
Principal portion of lease payments                                           42(b)       (24,676)       (16,124)
Decrease/(increase) in pledged time deposits                                             372,211       (158,825)
Dividends paid to equity holders of the parent                                                 —       (175,487)
Dividend paid to a non-controlling shareholder                                                 —         (10,000)
Issue of shares                                                                33      1,044,477              —
Repurchase of shares                                                                           —         (77,962)
Payments for a business combination involving entities under common control             (361,683)      (723,366)
Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                                       —         (40,423)
Capital contribution from non-controlling shareholders                                 1,230,213              —


Net cash flows from financing activities                                              1,878,897        253,981


NET (DECREASE)/INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                  (1,374,764)    1,425,627
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                             (52,369)      112,409
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                 23      3,865,385     2,327,349


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                                       23     2,438,252      3,865,385




                                                          73
                                                  Annual Report 2021
     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                         31 December 2021




1.   Corporate and group information

     The Company was incorporated in Bermuda as an exempted company with limited liability under the Bermuda
     Companies Act on 2 July 2003. It was listed on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX”) on 5
     May 2004 and has been delisted since 29 November 2012. On 9 July 2014, the Company succeeded in listing on the
     Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

     The Company is an investment holding company. The Company’s subsidiaries are principally engaged in the
     development, production, marketing and sale of pharmaceutical products.

     The registered office of the Company is located at Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda. The
     principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong is located at Suite 3207, Champion Tower, 3 Garden Road,
     Central, Hong Kong.

     In the opinion of the directors, the ultimate holding company of the Company is Luye Life Sciences Group Ltd., which
     is incorporated in Bermuda.

     Information about subsidiaries
     Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:

                                         Place and date of                            Percentage
                                         incorporation/          Issued ordinary/       of equity
                                         registration and        registered share    attributable to
     Company                             business                          capital   the Company       Principal activities
                                                                                     Direct Indirect


     Luye Pharma (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.   Singapore                  SG$1,700,000       100       —     Distribution and sale of
                                         23 April 1991                                                   pharmaceutical drugs

     Luye Pharma Investments Pte. Ltd.   Singapore                          SG$2       100       —     Investment holding
                                         26 August 2010

     Luye Pharma Venture Capital         Cayman Islands               US$50,000        100       —     Investment holding
                                         26 November 2015

     Luye Pharma (USA) Ltd.              United States of                   US$1       100       —     Research and development
                                           America (“USA”)                                               and manufacture and sale
                                         3 August 2015                                                   of pharmaceutical products

     Luye Pharma Hong Kong Limited       Hong Kong              HK$2,328,930,660        —       100    Distribution and sale of
                                         31 July 2007                                                    pharmaceutical products
                                                                                                         and investment holding

     Luye Pharma Europe AG (“LPEU”)      Switzerland                 CHF 100,000        —       100    Investment holding
                                         11 July 2016

     Luye Pharma (Germany) GmbH          Germany                      EUR 25,000        —       100    Investment holding
                                         17 July 2016

     Luye Pharma Switzerland AG          Switzerland                 CHF100,000         —       100    Manufacture and sale of
                                         23 January 2006                                                pharmaceutical products

     Luye Pharma AG (“LPAG”)             Germany                     EUR209,865         —       100    Distribution and sale of
                                         17 April 1997                                                   pharmaceutical products


                                                               74
                                                    Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                    31 December 2021




1.   Corporate and group information (Continued)

     Information about subsidiaries (Continued)
                                                   Place and date of                                   Percentage
                                                   incorporation/                 Issued ordinary/       of equity
                                                   registration and               registered share    attributable to
     Company                                       business                                 capital   the Company       Principal activities
                                                                                                      Direct Indirect


     Luye Pharma Ltd.                              United Kingdom                            GBP1        —       100    Investment holding
                                                     (“UK”)
                                                   13 September 2018

     Shandong Luye Pharmaceutical                  People’s Republic of        RMB2,031,800,000          —       100    Manufacture and sale of
       Co., Ltd. (“Shandong Luye”)(i)                China (“PRC”)/                                                      pharmaceutical products
                                                     Mainland China
                                                   8 June 1994

     Yantai Luye Drugs Trading Co., Ltd. PRC/Mainland China                       RMB900,000,000         —       100    Distribution and sale of
       (“Luye Trading”)(i)               27 March 1997                                                                    pharmaceutical products

     Nanjing Luye Pharmaceutical                   PRC/Mainland China          RMB1,167,170,000          —       100    Manufacture and sale of
       Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Luye”)(i)               22 February 2004                                                      pharmaceutical products

     Beijing WBL Peking University                 PRC/Mainland China              RMB80,000,000         —     69.55    Manufacture and sale of
       Biotech Co., Ltd. (“WPU”)(i)                1 September 1994                                                      pharmaceutical products

     Nanjing Kanghai Phospholipid                  PRC/Mainland China               RMB 1,500,000        —       100    Manufacture and sale of
       Biological Technology Co., Ltd.             13 September 2010                                                     pharmaceutical products
       (Nanjing Kanghai Phospholipid)(i)

     Sichuan Luye Pharmaceutical                   PRC/Mainland China              RMB36,100,000         —       100    Manufacture and sale of
       Co., Ltd. (“Sichuan Luye”)(i)               21 December 2000                                                      pharmaceutical products

     Yantai Luye Pharma Holdings                   PRC/Mainland China             US$585,929,100         —       100    Investment Holding
       Co., Ltd.(ii)                               15 May 2014

     Chengdu Luye WBL                              PRC/Mainland China             RMB100,000,000         —       100    Manufacture and sale of
       Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd.(i)              30 May 2019                                                           biopharmaceutical products

     Shandong BoAn Biotechnology                   PRC/Mainland China             RMB498,583,000         —     72.32    Research and development
       Co., Ltd.(i)                                13 December 2013                                                       and manufacture and sale
                                                                                                                          of pharmaceutical products

     Nanjing Jimai Biological                      PRC/Mainland China              RMB50,000,000         —       100    Research and development
       Technology Co., Ltd.(i)                     13 July 2020                                                           and manufacture and sale
                                                                                                                          of pharmaceutical products

     Notes:


     (i)      These entities are limited liability enterprises established under PRC law.


     (ii)     The entity is a wholly-foreign-owned enterprise established under PRC law.


     The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected the
     results for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries
     would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.

                                                                               75
                                                                    Annual Report 2021
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                      31 December 2021




2.1 Basis of preparation

   These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”)
   issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), accounting principles generally accepted in Hong
   Kong and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under the
   historical cost convention, except for equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income,
   financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, notes receivable, derivative financial instruments, redemption
   liabilities on non-controlling interests and contingent consideration payables, which have been measured at fair value.
   These financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand
   except when otherwise indicated.

   Basis of consolidation
   The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively
   referred to as the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2021. A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured
   entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights,
   to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power
   over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the
   investee).

   When the Company has, directly or indirectly, less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the
   Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:

   (a)   the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;

   (b)   rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

   (c)   the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.

   The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company, using
   consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group obtains
   control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

   Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the parent of the
   Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.
   All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between
   members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

   The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes
   to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary,
   without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.

   If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises (i) the assets (including goodwill) and liabilities of the
   subsidiary, (ii) the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest and (iii) the cumulative translation differences recorded
   in equity; and recognises (i) the fair value of the consideration received, (ii) the fair value of any investment retained and (iii)
   any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of components previously recognised in other
   comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on the same basis as would
   be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.


                                                               76
                                                   Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                   31 December 2021




2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures

   The Group has adopted the following revised IFRSs for the first time for the current year’s financial statements.

   Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4                  Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — Phase 2
    and IFRS 16
   Amendment to IFRS 16                                          Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions
                                                                  beyond 30 June 2021 (early adopted)

   The nature and the impact of the revised IFRSs are described below:

   (a)   Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16 address issues not dealt with in the previous
         amendments which affect financial reporting when an existing interest rate benchmark is replaced with an
         alternative risk-free rate (“RFR”). The amendments provide a practical expedient to allow the effective interest rate
         to be updated without adjusting the carrying amount of financial assets and liabilities when accounting for
         changes in the basis for determining the contractual cash flows of financial assets and liabilities, if the change is a
         direct consequence of the interest rate benchmark reform and the new basis for determining the contractual
         cash flows is economically equivalent to the previous basis immediately preceding the change. In addition, the
         amendments permit changes required by the interest rate benchmark reform to be made to hedge designations
         and hedge documentation without the hedging relationship being discontinued. Any gains or losses that could
         arise on transition are dealt with through the normal requirements of IFRS 9 to measure and recognise hedge
         ineffectiveness. The amendments also provide a temporary relief to entities from having to meet the separately
         identifiable requirement when an RFR is designated as a risk component. The relief allows an entity, upon
         designation of the hedge, to assume that the separately identifiable requirement is met, provided the entity
         reasonably expects the RFR risk component to become separately identifiable within the next 24 months.
         Furthermore, the amendments require an entity to disclose additional information to enable users of financial
         statements to understand the effect of interest rate benchmark reform on an entity’s financial instruments and
         risk management strategy.

         The Group had certain interest-bearing bank borrowings denominated in Renminbi based on the Loan Prime
         Rate (“LPR”), Euro based on the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and United States dollars based on
         the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) as at 31 December 2021. The Group expects that LPR will
         continue to exist and the interest rate benchmark reform has not had an impact on the Group’s LPR-based
         borrowings. For the EURIBOR-based borrowings and LIBOR-based borrowings, since the interest rates of these
         instruments were not replaced by RFRs during the year, the amendments did not have any impact on the
         financial position and performance of the Group. If the interest rates of these borrowings are replaced by RFRs in
         a future period, the Group will apply the above-mentioned practical expedient upon the modification of these
         instruments provided that the “economically equivalent” criterion is met.




                                                            77
                                                   Annual Report 2021
                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                              31 December 2021




2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (Continued)

    (b)   Amendments to IFRS 16 issued in March 2021 extends the availability of the practical expedient for lessees to
          elect not to apply lease modification accounting for rent concessions arising as a direct consequence of the
          covid-19 pandemic by 12 months. Accordingly, the practical expedient applies to rent concessions for which any
          reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before 30 June 2022, provided the other
          conditions for applying the practical expedient are met. The amendment is effective retrospectively for annual
          periods beginning on or after 1 April 2021 with any cumulative effect of initially applying the amendment
          recognised as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profits at the beginning of the current accounting
          period. Earlier application is permitted.

          The Group has early adopted the amendment on 1 January 2021. However, the Group has not received covid-
          19-related rent concessions and plans to apply the practical expedient when it becomes applicable within the
          allowed period of application.



2.3 Issued but not yet effective International Financial Reporting Standards

    The Group has not applied the following new and revised IFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet effective, in
    these financial statements.

    Amendments to IFRS 3                                         Reference to the Conceptual Framework1
    Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                             Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate
                                                                    or Joint Venture3
    IFRS 17                                                      Insurance Contracts2
    Amendments to IFRS 17                                        Insurance Contracts2, 5
    Amendments to IFRS 17                                        Initial Application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 – Comparative Information2
    Amendments to IAS 1                                          Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current2
    Amendments to IAS 1 and                                      Disclosure of Accounting Policies2
      IFRS Practice statement 2
    Amendments to IAS 8                                          Definition of Accounting Estimates2
    Amendments to IAS 12                                         Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single
                                                                   Transaction2
    Amendments to IAS 16                                         Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use1
    Amendments to IAS 37                                         Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract1
    Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards                        Amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 9, Illustrative Examples accompanying
      2018–2020                                                    IFRS 16, and IAS 411

    1
          Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022
    2
          Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023
    3
          No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
    4
          As a consequence of the amendments to IFRS 17 issued in June 2020, IFRS 4 was amended to extend the temporary exemption that permits
          insurers to apply IAS 39 rather than IFRS 9 for annual periods beginning before 1 January 2023




                                                                        78
                                                           Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                     31 December 2021




2.3 Issued but not yet effective International Financial Reporting Standards (Continued)

    Further information about those IFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is described below.

    Amendments to IFRS 3 are intended to replace a reference to the previous Framework for the Preparation and
    Presentation of Financial Statements with a reference to the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting issued in
    March 2018 without significantly changing its requirements. The amendments also add to IFRS 3 an exception to its
    recognition principle for an entity to refer to the Conceptual Framework to determine what constitutes an asset or a
    liability. The exception specifies that, for liabilities and contingent liabilities that would be within the scope of IAS 37 or
    IFRIC 21 if they were incurred separately rather than assumed in a business combination, an entity applying IFRS 3
    should refer to IAS 37 or IFRIC 21 respectively instead of the Conceptual Framework. Furthermore, the amendments
    clarify that contingent assets do not qualify for recognition at the acquisition date. The Group expects to adopt the
    amendments prospectively from 1 January 2022. Since the amendments apply prospectively to business combinations
    for which the acquisition date is on or after the date of first application, the Group will not be affected by these
    amendments on the date of transition.

    Amendments to IAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current clarify the requirements for classifying
    liabilities as current or non-current. The amendments specify that if an entity’s right to defer settlement of a liability is
    subject to the entity complying with specified conditions, the entity has a right to defer settlement of the liability at the
    end of the reporting period if it complies with those conditions at that date. Classification of a liability is unaffected by
    the likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to defer settlement of the liability. The amendments also clarify the
    situations that are considered a settlement of a liability. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on
    or after 1 January 2023 and shall be applied retrospectively. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not
    expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

    Amendments to IAS 1 Disclosure of Accounting Policies require entities to disclose their material accounting policy
    information rather than their significant accounting policies. Accounting policy information is material if, when
    considered together with other information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can reasonably be expected
    to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis of those
    financial statements. Amendments to IFRS Practice Statement 2 provide non-mandatory guidance on how to apply the
    concept of materiality to accounting policy disclosures. Amendments to IAS 1 are effective for annual periods beginning
    on or after 1 January 2023 and earlier application is permitted. Since the guidance provided in the amendments to
    IFRS Practice Statement 2 is non-mandatory, an effective date for these amendments is not necessary. The Group is
    currently assessing the impact of the amendments on the Group’s accounting policy disclosures.

    Amendments to IAS 8 clarify the distinction between changes in accounting estimates and changes in accounting
    policies. Accounting estimates are defined as monetary amounts in financial statements that are subject to
    measurement uncertainty. The amendments also clarify how entities use measurement techniques and inputs to
    develop accounting estimates. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1
    January 2023 and apply to changes in accounting policies and changes in accounting estimates that occur on or after
    the start of that period. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant
    impact on the Group’s financial statements.




                                                              79
                                                     Annual Report 2021
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                     31 December 2021




2.3 Issued but not yet effective International Financial Reporting Standards (Continued)

    Amendments to IAS 12 narrow the scope of the initial recognition exception so that it no longer applies to transactions
    that give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences, such as leases and decommissioning obligations.
    Therefore, entities are required to recognise a deferred tax asset and a deferred tax liability for temporary differences
    arising from these transactions. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1
    January 2023 and shall be applied to transactions related to leases and decommissioning obligations at the beginning
    of the earliest comparative period presented, with any cumulative effect recognised as an adjustment to the opening
    balance of retained profits or other component of equity as appropriate at that date. In addition, the amendments shall
    be applied prospectively to transactions other than leases and decommissioning obligations. Earlier application is
    permitted.

    The Group has applied the initial recognition exception and did not recognise a deferred tax asset and a deferred tax
    liability for temporary differences for transactions related to leases. Upon initial application of these amendments, the
    Group will recognise a deferred tax asset and a deferred tax liability for deductible and taxable temporary differences
    associated with right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, and recognise the cumulative effect of initially applying the
    amendments as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profits at the beginning of the earliest comparative
    period presented.

    Amendments to IAS 16 prohibit an entity from deducting from the cost of an item of property, plant and equipment any
    proceeds from selling items produced while bringing that asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be
    capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Instead, an entity recognises the proceeds from selling
    any such items, and the cost of those items, in profit or loss. The amendments are effective for annual periods
    beginning on or after 1 January 2022 and shall be applied retrospectively only to items of property, plant and
    equipment made available for use on or after the beginning of the earliest period presented in the financial statements
    in which the entity first applies the amendments. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to
    have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

    Amendments to IAS 37 clarify that for the purpose of assessing whether a contract is onerous under IAS 37, the cost
    of fulfilling the contract comprises the costs that relate directly to the contract. Costs that relate directly to a contract
    include both the incremental costs of fulfilling that contract (e.g., direct labour and materials) and an allocation of other
    costs that relate directly to fulfilling that contract (e.g., an allocation of the depreciation charge for an item of property,
    plant and equipment used in fulfilling the contract as well as contract management and supervision costs). General and
    administrative costs do not relate directly to a contract and are excluded unless they are explicitly chargeable to the
    counterparty under the contract. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January
    2022 and shall be applied to contracts for which an entity has not yet fulfilled all its obligations at the beginning of the
    annual reporting period in which it first applies the amendments. Earlier application is permitted. Any cumulative effect
    of initially applying the amendments shall be recognised as an adjustment to the opening equity at the date of initial
    application without restating the comparative information. The amendments are not expected to have any significant
    impact on the Group’s financial statements.




                                                              80
                                                   Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                     31 December 2021




2.3 Issued but not yet effective International Financial Reporting Standards (Continued)

    Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018–2020 sets out amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 9, Illustrative Examples
    accompanying IFRS 16, and IAS 41. Details of the amendments that are expected to be applicable to the Group are
    as follows:

    •     IFRS 9 Financial Instruments: clarifies the fees that an entity includes when assessing whether the terms of a new
          or modified financial liability are substantially different from the terms of the original financial liability. These fees
          include only those paid or received between the borrower and the lender, including fees paid or received by
          either the borrower or lender on the other’s behalf. An entity applies the amendment to financial liabilities that are
          modified or exchanged on or after the beginning of the annual reporting period in which the entity first applies the
          amendment. The amendment is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022. Earlier
          application is permitted. The amendment is not expected to have a significant impact on the Group’s financial
          statements.

    •     IFRS 16 Leases: removes the illustration of payments from the lessor relating to leasehold improvements in
          Illustrative Example 13 accompanying IFRS 16. This removes potential confusion regarding the treatment of lease
          incentives when applying IFRS 16.



2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies

    Investments in associates
    An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long term interest of generally not less than 20% of the equity voting
    rights and over which it is in a position to exercise significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate
    in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over those policies.

    The Group’s investments in associates are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at the Group’s
    share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any impairment losses. Adjustments are made to bring
    into line any dissimilar accounting policies that may exist. The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other
    comprehensive income of associates is included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated other
    comprehensive income, respectively. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the equity of the
    associate, the Group recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the consolidated statement of changes
    in equity. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated
    to the extent of the Group’s investments in the associates, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an
    impairment of the assets transferred. Goodwill arising from the acquisition of associates is included as part of the
    Group’s investments in associates.




                                                              81
                                                     Annual Report 2021
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                     31 December 2021




2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    Investments in associates (Continued)
    If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained interest is not
    remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method. In all other cases, upon
    loss of significant influence over the associate, the Group measures and recognises any retained investment at its fair
    value. Any difference between the carrying amount of the associate upon loss of significant influence and the fair value
    of the retained investment and proceeds from disposal is recognised in profit or loss.

    When an investment in an associate is classified as held for sale, it is accounted for in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-
    current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations.

    Business combinations and goodwill
    Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred is measured at
    the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets transferred by the Group,
    liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in
    exchange for control of the acquiree. For each business combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-
    controlling interests in the acquiree that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate
    share of net assets in the event of liquidation at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net
    assets. All other components of non-controlling interests are measured at fair value. Acquisition-related costs are
    expensed as incurred.

    The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets includes an input
    and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs.

    When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate
    classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent
    conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts of the
    acquiree.

    If the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at its acquisition
    date through fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.

    Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date.
    Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised
    in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured and subsequent settlement is
    accounted for within equity.

    Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the amount
    recognised for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interests in the acquiree
    over the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the sum of this consideration and other items is lower
    than the fair value of the net assets acquired, the difference is, after reassessment, recognised in profit or loss as a
    gain on bargain purchase.




                                                             82
                                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                   31 December 2021




2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    Business combination and goodwill (Continued)
    After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is tested for
    impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be
    impaired. The Group performs its annual impairment test of goodwill as at 31 December. For the purpose of
    impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the
    Group’s cash-generating units, or groups of cash-generating units, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of
    the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups of
    units.

    Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of cash-generating
    units) to which the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of cash-
    generating units) is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised. An impairment loss recognised for
    goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.

    Where goodwill has been allocated to a cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) and part of the
    operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the
    carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on the disposal. Goodwill disposed of in these
    circumstances is measured based on the relative value of the operation disposed of and the portion of the cash-
    generating unit retained.

    Impairment of non-financial assets
    Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required (other than
    inventories, deferred tax assets and financial assets), the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. An asset’s
    recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s value in use and its fair value less costs of
    disposal, and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely
    independent of those from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined for
    the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, a portion of the
    carrying amount of a corporate asset (e.g., a headquarters building) is allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if
    it can be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis or, otherwise, to the smallest group of cash-generating units.

    An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In assessing
    value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
    reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss
    is charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories consistent with
    the function of the impaired asset.

    An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that previously
    recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the recoverable
    amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there
    has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount
    higher than the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any depreciation/amortisation) had no
    impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to the
    statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises, unless the asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which
    case the reversal of the impairment loss is accounted for in accordance with the relevant accounting policy for that
    revalued asset.

                                                           83
                                                   Annual Report 2021
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                     31 December 2021




2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    Foreign currencies
    These financial statements are presented in RMB, which the Company adopted as the presentation currency of the
    Group because the Group’s principal operations are carried out in Mainland China. The functional currency of the
    Company is the United States dollar (“US$”) and certain subsidiaries incorporated outside Mainland China use the
    Singapore dollar (“SG$”), the Hong Kong dollar (“HK$”), Malaysian Ringgit (“MYR”) and Euro (“EUR”) as their functional
    currencies. The functional currency of the subsidiaries established in Mainland China is RMB. Each entity in the Group
    determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are measured
    using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the Group are initially recorded
    using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities
    denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of the
    reporting period. Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in the statement of
    profit or loss.

    Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the
    exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency
    are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was determined. The gain or loss arising on
    translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on
    change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in
    other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss,
    respectively).

    In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the derecognition of
    a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the date of initial transaction is the
    date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability arising from the advance
    consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group determines the transaction date for
    each payment or receipt of the advance consideration.

    The functional currencies of the non-Mainland China established subsidiaries are currencies other than the RMB. As at
    the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities are translated into RMB at the exchange rates
    prevailing at the end of the reporting period and their statements of profit or loss are translated into RMB at the
    exchange rates that approximate to those prevailing at the dates of the transactions.

    The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated as a separate
    component of equity until the disposal of the respective foreign operation entities. On disposal of a foreign operation,
    the component of other comprehensive income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in the
    statement of profit or loss.

    Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the carrying amounts of
    assets and liabilities arising on the acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated
    at the closing rate.

    For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of the non- Mainland China established
    subsidiaries are translated into RMB at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently recurring
    cash flows of the non- Mainland China established companies which arise throughout the year are translated into RMB
    at the weighted average exchange rates for the year.


                                                              84
                                                   Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                   31 December 2021




2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    Revenue recognition
    Revenue from contracts with customers
    Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to the
    customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for
    those goods or services.

    When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated to which
    the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The variable consideration
    is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in the
    amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable
    consideration is subsequently resolved.

    When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit of financing
    the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at the present value of
    the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction
    between the Group and the customer at contract inception. When the contract contains a financing component which
    provides the Group with a significant financial benefit for more than one year, revenue recognised under the contract
    includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest method. For a contract
    where the period between the payment by the customer and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year
    or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component, using the practical
    expedient in IFRS 15.

    (a)   Sale of products
          Revenue from the sale of products is recognised at the point in time when control of the asset is transferred to
          the customer, generally on acceptance of the goods.

    (b)   Sale of product know-how
          Revenue from the sale of product know-how is recognised at the point in time when control of the product know-
          how is transferred to the customer, generally on acceptance of the product know-how.

    (c)   Provision of research and development services
          Revenue from the provision of research and development services is recognised over the scheduled period on a
          straight-line basis because the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the
          Group.

    (d)   Out-licensing agreements
          The Group grant commercialisation licenses or intellectual property licenses of certain products. Revenue is
          recognised at the point in time when the control of the license is transferred to the customer. The consideration
          for license comprises fixed element and variable elements. The variable elements are included in the transaction
          price when the Group can conclude that it is highly probable there will not be a significant reversal of revenue.




                                                           85
                                                   Annual Report 2021
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                     31 December 2021




2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    Revenue recognition (Continued)
    Other income
    Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that exactly
    discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter period, when
    appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.

    Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been established, it is probable
    that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can be
    measured reliably.

    Contract liabilities
    A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is earlier) from a customer
    before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Group
    performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services to the customer).

    Income tax
    Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is
    recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

    Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation
    authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the
    reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries in which the Group
    operates.

    Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on temporary differences at the end of the reporting period between
    the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.

    Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:

    •     where the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction
          that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor
          taxable profit or loss; and

    •     in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and an associate, when
          the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary
          differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.




                                                              86
                                                   Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                      31 December 2021




2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    Income tax (Continued)
    Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits
    and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will
    be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and
    unused tax losses can be utilised, except:

    •     when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of an
          asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects
          neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and

    •     in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and an associate,
          deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse
          in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be
          utilised.

    The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent
    that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to
    be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognised
    to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred
    tax asset to be recovered.

    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset
    is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted
    by the end of the reporting period.

    Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right to set off
    current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred liabilities relate to income taxes
    levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either to
    settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in
    each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or
    recovered.

    Government grants
    Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received
    and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised as
    income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.

    Where the grant relates to an asset, the fair value is credited to a deferred income account and is released to the
    statement of profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant asset by equal annual instalments or deducted
    from the carrying amount of the asset and released to the statement of profit or loss by way of a reduced depreciation
    charge.




                                                              87
                                                     Annual Report 2021
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                   31 December 2021




2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    Share-based payments
    The Group operates two share award schemes for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to eligible
    participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations. Employees (including directors) of the Group
    receive remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees render services as consideration for
    equity instruments (“equity-settled transactions”).

    The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees is measured by reference to the fair value at the date at which
    they are granted. The fair value is determined by an external valuer using a binomial model, further details of which are
    given in note 40 to the financial statements.

    The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised in employee benefit expense, together with a corresponding
    increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are fulfilled. The cumulative
    expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at the end of each reporting period until the vesting date reflects the
    extent to which the vesting period has expired and the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that
    will ultimately vest. The charge or credit to the statement of profit or loss for a period represents the movement in the
    cumulative expense recognised as at the beginning and end of that period.

    Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant date fair value
    of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the Group’s best estimate of the
    number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. Market performance conditions are reflected within the grant date
    fair value. Any other conditions attached to an award, but without an associated service requirement, are considered
    to be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting conditions are reflected in the fair value of an award and lead to an
    immediate expensing of an award unless there are also service and/or performance conditions.

    For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions have not been met,
    no expense is recognised. Where awards include a market or non-vesting condition, the transactions are treated as
    vesting irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting condition is satisfied, provided that all other performance
    and/or service conditions are satisfied.

    Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised as if the terms had
    not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an expense is recognised for any modification
    that increases the total fair value of the share-based payments, or is otherwise beneficial to the employee as measured
    at the date of modification.

    Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the date of cancellation, and any expense
    not yet recognised for the award is recognised immediately. This includes any award where non-vesting conditions
    within the control of either the Group or the employee are not met. However, if a new award is substituted for the
    cancelled award, and is designated as a replacement award on the date that it is granted, the cancelled and new
    awards are treated as if they were a modification of the original award, as described in the previous paragraph.

    The dilutive effect of outstanding shares is reflected as additional share dilution in the computation of earnings per
    share.




                                                           88
                                                 Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                     31 December 2021




2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    Other employee benefits
    Pension schemes
    Contributions made to the government retirement benefit fund under defined contribution retirement plans are charged
    to the statement of profit or loss as incurred.

    The Group participates in the national pension schemes as defined by the laws of the countries in which it has
    operations.

    The Group makes contributions to the Central Provident Fund (the “CPF”) Scheme in Singapore, a defined contribution
    pension scheme, for its employees in Singapore.

    The subsidiaries established and operated in Mainland China are required to provide certain staff pension benefits to
    their employees under existing regulations of the PRC (the “PRC Pension Scheme”). Pension scheme contributions are
    provided at rates stipulated by PRC regulations and are made to a pension fund managed by government agencies,
    which are responsible for administering the contributions for the subsidiaries’ employees. The Group’s employer
    contributions to the CPF and the PRC Pension Scheme vest fully with the employees upon the contributions are made
    and hence no forfeited contributions arise when the employees leave the respective scheme.

    Defined benefit plan
    The Group operates a defined benefit pension plan in Switzerland, which requires contributions to be made to a
    separately administered fund. The cost of providing benefits under the defined benefit plan is determined using the
    projected unit credit method.

    Remeasurements, comprising of actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the asset ceiling (excluding amounts included
    in net interest on the net defined benefit liability) and the return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in net
    interest on the net defined benefit liability), are recognised immediately in the statement of financial position with a
    corresponding debit or credit to retained earnings through other comprehensive income in the period in which they
    occur. Remeasurements are not reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods.

    Past service costs are recognised in profit or loss at the earlier of:

    •     the date of the plan amendment or curtailment; and

    •     the date that the Group recognises restructuring related costs

    Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liability or asset. The Group recognises
    the following changes in the net defined benefit obligation under “cost of sales”, “selling and distribution expenses” and
    “administrative expenses” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss by function:

    •     service costs comprising current service costs, past-service costs, gains and losses on curtailments and non-
          routine settlements

    •     net interest expense or income




                                                              89
                                                     Annual Report 2021
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                    31 December 2021




2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    Investments and other financial assets
    Initial recognition and measurement
    Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value through
    other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.

    The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow
    characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that do
    not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient of not
    adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value,
    plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do
    not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured
    at the transaction price determined under IFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue recognition”
    above.

    In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive
    income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”) on the principal
    amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at fair value
    through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

    The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to
    generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash
    flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at amortised cost are held within a
    business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial
    assets classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within a business model
    with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held
    within the aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

    All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that the
    Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial
    assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by regulation or convention in the
    marketplace.

    Subsequent measurement
    The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

    Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
    Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are subject to
    impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the asset is derecognised,
    modified or impaired.




                                                            90
                                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                     31 December 2021




2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
    Subsequent measurement (Continued)
    The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows: (Continued)

    Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt instruments)
    For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, interest income, foreign exchange revaluation
    and impairment losses or reversals are recognised in the statement of profit or loss and computed in the same manner
    as for financial assets measured at amortised cost. The remaining fair value changes are recognised in other
    comprehensive income. Upon derecognition, the cumulative fair value change recognised in other comprehensive
    income is recycled to the statement of profit or loss.

    Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (equity investments)
    Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity investments
    designated at fair value through other comprehensive income when they meet the definition of equity under IAS 32
    Financial Instruments: Presentation and are not held for trading. The classification is determined on an instrument-by-
    instrument basis.

    Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to the statement of profit or loss. Dividends are
    recognised as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established, it is
    probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend
    can be measured reliably, except when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a recovery of part of the cost of the
    financial asset, in which case, such gains are recorded in other comprehensive income. Equity investments designated
    at fair value through other comprehensive income are not subject to impairment assessment.

    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value with net
    changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

    This category includes derivative instruments and equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected to
    classify at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on equity investments classified as financial
    assets at fair value through profit or loss are also recognised as other income in the statement of profit or loss when
    the right of payment has been established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will
    flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.

    A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is separated from the host
    and accounted for as a separate derivative if the economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to the host;
    a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet the definition of a derivative; and
    the hybrid contract is not measured at fair value through profit or loss. Embedded derivatives are measured at fair value
    with changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss. Reassessment only occurs if there is either a
    change in the terms of the contract that significantly modifies the cash flows that would otherwise be required or a
    reclassification of a financial asset out of the fair value through profit or loss category.

    A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not accounted for separately. The
    financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is required to be classified in its entirety as a financial asset
    at fair value through profit or loss.


                                                              91
                                                     Annual Report 2021
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                      31 December 2021




2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    Derecognition of financial assets
    A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is primarily
    derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position) when:

    •     the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or

    •     the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the
          received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through” arrangement; and either (a)
          the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither
          transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the
          asset.

    When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through
    arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of the asset. When it
    has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the
    asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement. In
    that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are
    measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.

    Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the
    original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to
    repay.

    Impairment of financial assets
    The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at fair value
    through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with
    the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original
    effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit
    enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

    General approach
    ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit
    risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible within
    the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in
    credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the
    exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

    At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly
    since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the
    financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date
    of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or
    effort, including historical and forward-looking information.




                                                               92
                                                   Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                        31 December 2021




2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
    General approach (Continued)
    The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 180 days past due. However, in
    certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information
    indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any
    credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of
    recovering the contractual cash flows.

    Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at amortised cost are subject
    to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within the following stages for measurement of ECLs
    except for trade receivables which apply the simplified approach as detailed below.

    Stage 1 — Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition and for
              which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs

    Stage 2 — Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but that are not
              credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime
              ECLs

    Stage 3 — Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or originated
              credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs

    Simplified approach
    For trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group applies the practical
    expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group applies the simplified approach in
    calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead
    recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision
    matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors
    and the economic environment.

    Financial liabilities
    Initial recognition and measurement
    Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, loans and
    borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate.

    All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of
    directly attributable transaction costs.

    The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables, accruals, derivative financial instruments and interest-
    bearing loans and borrowings.




                                                                 93
                                                        Annual Report 2021
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                       31 December 2021




2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    Financial liabilities (Continued)
    Subsequent measurement
    The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

    Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
    Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities
    designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss.

    Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the purpose of repurchasing in the near term.
    This category also includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Group that are not designated as
    hedging instruments in hedge relationships as defined by IFRS 9. Separated embedded derivatives are also classified
    as held for trading unless they are designated as effective hedging instruments. Gains or losses on liabilities held for
    trading are recognised in the statement of profit or loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognised in the statement of
    profit or loss does not include any interest charged on these financial liabilities.

    Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss are designated at the initial
    date of recognition, and only if the criteria in IFRS 9 are satisfied. Gains or losses on liabilities designated at fair value
    through profit or loss are recognised in the statement of profit or loss, except for the gains or losses arising from the
    Group’s own credit risk which are presented in other comprehensive income with no subsequent reclassification to the
    statement of profit or loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognised in the statement of profit or loss does not include
    any interest charged on these financial liabilities.

    Financial liabilities at amortised cost (loans and borrowings)
    After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the
    effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at
    cost. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as
    through the effective interest rate amortisation process.

    Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are
    an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in finance costs in the
    statement of profit or loss.

    Convertible bonds
    The component of convertible bonds that exhibits characteristics of a liability is recognised as a liability in the statement
    of financial position, net of transaction costs. On issuance of convertible bonds, the fair value of the liability component
    is determined using a market rate for an equivalent non-convertible bond; and this amount is carried as a long-term
    liability on the amortised cost basis until extinguished on conversion or redemption. The remainder of the proceeds is
    allocated to the conversion option that is recognised and included in shareholders’ equity, net of transaction costs. The
    carrying amount of the conversion option is not remeasured in subsequent years. Transaction costs are apportioned
    between the liability and equity components of the convertible bonds based on the allocation of proceeds to the liability
    and equity components when the instruments are first recognised.

    Derecognition of financial liabilities
    A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.



                                                                 94
                                                    Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                     31 December 2021




2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    Derecognition of financial liabilities (Continued)
    When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the
    terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition
    of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the respective carrying amounts is
    recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

    Offsetting of financial instruments
    Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial position if
    there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net
    basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

    Fair value measurement
    The Group measures equity investments and wealth management products investments at fair value at the end of each
    reporting period. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
    transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the
    presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market for the
    asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The
    principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is
    measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that
    market participants act in their economic best interest.

    A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate
    economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would
    use the asset in its highest and best use.

    The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are
    available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of
    unobservable inputs.

    All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised within
    the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
    measurement as a whole:

    Level 1 — based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities

    Level 2 — based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
              measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly

    Level 3 — based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
              measurement is unobservable

    For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines
    whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation (based on the lowest
    level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.


                                                              95
                                                     Annual Report 2021
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                   31 December 2021




2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    Property, plant and equipment and depreciation
    Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation
    and any impairment losses. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price and any
    directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.

    Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as repairs and
    maintenance, is normally charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In situations
    where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalised in the carrying amount
    of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required to be replaced at
    intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them
    accordingly.

    Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant and equipment
    to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this purpose are as follows:

    Buildings                                                                                                 10 to 40 years
    Machinery and equipment                                                                                    5 to 15 years
    Motor vehicles                                                                                             5 to 10 years
    Computer and office equipment                                                                              3 to 15 years
    Leasehold improvements                                                                                      2 to 5 years

    Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is allocated on
    a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values, useful lives and the
    depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.

    An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is derecognised upon
    disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal or
    retirement recognised in the statement of profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised is the difference between
    the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.

    Construction in progress represents buildings under construction, and machinery and equipment under installation,
    which is stated at cost less any impairment losses, and is not depreciated. Cost comprises the direct costs of
    construction and capitalised borrowing costs on related borrowed funds during the period of construction.
    Construction in progress is reclassified to the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed
    and ready for use.

    Leases
    The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease
    if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
    consideration.




                                                           96
                                                 Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                     31 December 2021




2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    Leases (Continued)
    Group as a lessee
    The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and
    leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets
    representing the right to use the underlying assets.

    (a)   Right-of-use assets
          Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the underlying asset
          is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and any
          impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets
          includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or
          before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a
          straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:

          Leasehold land                                                                                         20 to 60 years
          Buildings                                                                                               1.5 to 5 years
          Motor vehicles                                                                                            2 to 3 years
          Plant and machinery                                                                                     1.5 to 5 years

          If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the
          exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.

    (b)   Lease liabilities
          Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease payments to
          be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less
          any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be
          paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably
          certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects
          the Group exercising the option to terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index
          or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

          In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the lease
          commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the
          commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for
          the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification,
          a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change to future lease payments resulting from a
          change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.

          The Group’s lease liabilities are included in interest-bearing loans and borrowings.

    (c)   Short-term leases
          The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of machinery and
          equipment and buildings (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the
          commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). Lease payments on short-term leases are
          recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.


                                                             97
                                                     Annual Report 2021
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                    31 December 2021




2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    Borrowing costs
    Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, i.e., assets that
    necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are capitalised as part of the
    cost of those assets. The capitalisation of such borrowing costs ceases when the assets are substantially ready for
    their intended use or sale. Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their
    expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs capitalised. All other borrowing costs are
    expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity
    incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.

    Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
    Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets acquired
    in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed
    to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are subsequently amortised over the useful economic
    life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The
    amortisation period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at
    each financial year end.

    Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually either individually or at the cash-
    generating unit level. Such intangible assets are not amortised. The useful life of an intangible asset with an indefinite
    life is reviewed annually to determine whether the indefinite life assessment continues to be supportable. If not, the
    change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for on a prospective basis.

    Intangible assets are amortised on the straight-line basis over the following useful economic lives:

    Trademarks                                                                                                        10 years
    Patents and technology know-how                                                                              5 to 30 years
    Software                                                                                                     2 to 10 years
    Distribution right                                                                                                30 years

    Research and development costs
    All research costs are charged to the statement of profit or loss as incurred.

    Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new products is capitalised and deferred only when the Group can
    demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale, its
    intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how the asset will generate future economic benefits, the
    availability of resources to complete the project and the ability to measure reliably the expenditure during the
    development. Product development expenditure which does not meet these criteria is expensed when incurred.

    Deferred development costs are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised using the straight-line
    basis over the commercial lives of the underlying products, commencing from the date when the products are put into
    commercial production. During the period of development, the deferred development costs are tested for impairment
    annually.




                                                            98
                                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                    31 December 2021




2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    Treasury shares
    Own equity instruments which are reacquired and held by the Company or the Group (treasury shares) are recognised
    directly in equity at cost. No gain or loss is recognised in the statement of profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or
    cancellation of the Group’s own equity instruments.

    Inventories
    Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the first-in, first-out basis
    and, in the case of work in progress and finished goods, comprises direct materials, direct labour and an appropriate
    proportion of overheads. Net realisable value is based on estimated selling prices less any estimated costs to be
    incurred to completion and disposal.

    Costs incurred in bringing each product to its present location and condition are accounted for as follows:

    Raw materials                                Purchase cost on a weighted average basis

    Finished goods and work in progress          Cost of direct materials and labour and a proportion of manufacturing
                                                 overheads based on normal operating capacity but excluding borrowing
                                                 costs

    Dividends
    Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general meeting.
    Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.

    Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s memorandum and articles of
    association grant the directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently, interim dividends are
    recognised immediately as a liability when they are proposed and declared.

    Cash and cash equivalents
    For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and
    demand deposits, and short-term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash, are
    subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and have a short maturity of generally within three months when
    acquired, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash
    management.

    For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial position, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand
    and at banks, including term deposits, and assets similar in nature to cash, which are not restricted as to use.




                                                            99
                                                    Annual Report 2021
                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                         31 December 2021




2.4 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    Provisions
    A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past event and it
    is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, provided that a reliable estimate
    can be made of the amount of the obligation.

    When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value at the end of the
    reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation. The increase in the
    discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is included in finance costs in the statement of profit
    or loss.

    Related parties
    A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

    (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person

          (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;

          (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or

          (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

    or

    (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

          (i)      the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

          (ii)     one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow subsidiary of
                   the other entity);

          (iii)    the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

          (iv)     one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;

          (v)      the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity
                   related to the Group;

          (vi)     the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

          (vii)    a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management
                   personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

          (viii)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to
                   the Group or to the parent of the Group.



                                                                 100
                                                      Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                      31 December 2021




3.   Significant accounting judgements and estimates

     The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make significant judgements, estimates
     and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their
     accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and
     estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or
     liabilities affected in the future.

     Judgements
     In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, apart from
     those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements:

     Research and development costs
     All research costs are charged to profit or loss as incurred. Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new products
     is capitalised and deferred in accordance with the accounting policy for research and development costs in note 2.4 to
     the financial statements. Determining the amounts to be capitalised requires management to make assumptions and
     judgements regarding to technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset, future economic benefits and so forth.

     Estimation uncertainty
     The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting
     period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
     within the next financial year, are described below.

     Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables
     The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables. The provision rates are based on ageing for
     groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns.

     The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group will calibrate the
     matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For instance, if forecast economic
     conditions are expected to deteriorate over the next year which can lead to an increased number of defaults in the
     manufacturing sector, the historical default rates are adjusted. At each reporting date, the historical observed default
     rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.

     The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and ECLs is
     a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and forecast economic conditions.
     The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative of a
     customer’s actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the Group’s trade receivables is disclosed in
     note 20 to the financial statements.

     Leases — Estimating the incremental borrowing rate
     The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in a lease, and therefore, it uses an incremental borrowing
     rate (“IBR”) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have to pay to borrow over a
     similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset
     in a similar economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects what the Group “would have to pay”, which requires
     estimation when no observable rates are available (such as for subsidiaries that do not enter into financing transactions) or
     when it needs to be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease. The Group estimates the IBR using
     observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is required to make certain entity-specific estimates.



                                                             101
                                                      Annual Report 2021
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                    31 December 2021




3.   Significant accounting judgements and estimates (Continued)

     Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
     Deferred tax assets
     Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses and deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is
     probable that taxable profit will be available against which the losses and deductible temporary differences can be
     utilised. Significant management estimation is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be
     recognised, based upon the likely timing and level of future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies.
     The carrying value of deferred tax assets relating to deductible temporary differences as at 31 December 2021 was
     RMB133,106,000 (2020: RMB114,743,000). Further details are contained in note 32 to the consolidated financial
     statements.

     Income tax
     The Group is subject to income taxes in various regions. As a result, certain matters relating to the income taxes have
     not been confirmed by the local tax bureau, objective estimates and judgements based on currently enacted tax laws,
     regulations and other related policies are required in determining the provision for corporate income taxes. Where the
     final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts originally recorded, the differences will impact on the
     corporate income tax and tax provisions over the period in which the differences are realised.

     Impairment of goodwill
     The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires an estimation of the
     value in use of the cash-generating units to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the value in use requires the
     Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the cash-generating units and also to choose a
     suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. The carrying amount of goodwill at 31
     December 2021 was RMB985,413,000 (2020: RMB1,056,583,000). Further details are given in note 15 to the financial
     statements.

     Impairment of non-financial assets (other than goodwill)
     The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets (including the right-of-
     use assets) at the end of each reporting period. Indefinite life intangible assets are tested for impairment annually and
     at other times when such an indicator exists. Other non-financial assets are tested for impairment when there are
     indicators that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset
     or a cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and
     its value in use. The calculation of the fair value less costs of disposal is based on available data from binding sales
     transactions in an arm’s length transaction of similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs for
     disposing of the asset. When value in use calculations are undertaken, management must estimate the expected future
     cash flows from the asset or cash-generating unit and choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present
     value of those cash flows.



4.   Operating segment information

     The Group manages its businesses by type of products. The Group’s chief operating decision maker is the Chief
     Executive Officer, who reviews the revenue from and results of the major type of products sold for the purpose of
     resource allocation and assessment of segment performance. Segment results are evaluated based on gross profit
     less selling expenses allocated. No analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by operating segment is disclosed as it
     is not regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker for review.


                                                           102
                                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                               31 December 2021




4.   Operating segment information (Continued)

     Year ended 31 December 2021

                                                     Cardio- Alimentary         Central
                                                    vascular  tract and        nervous
                                       Oncology      system metabolism          system
                                          drugs       drugs      drugs           drugs     Others       Total
                                       RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000

     Segment revenue (note 5)
     Sale of products                  1,057,492   1,361,310        898,455   1,172,808    136,605   4,626,670
     Sale of product know-how            339,938      65,970             —       74,092         —      480,000
     Provision of research and
       development services              16,691           —              —         851          —       17,542
     Out-licensing agreements                —            —              —      76,014          —       76,014

     Total revenue                     1,414,121   1,427,280        898,455   1,323,765    136,605   5,200,226

     Segment results                    690,627      408,935         93,307    469,668      29,423   1,691,960

     Other income and gains                                                                             330,690
     Administrative expenses                                                                           (570,844)
     Other expenses                                                                                  (1,127,606)
     Finance costs                                                                                     (399,458)
     Share of profit of an associate                                                                        701

     Loss before tax                                                                                    (74,557)

     Year ended 31 December 2020

                                                      Cardio-    Alimentary     Central
                                                     vascular     tract and    nervous
                                       Oncology       system    metabolism      system
                                          drugs        drugs          drugs      drugs      Others       Total
                                       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000

     Segment revenue (note 5)
     Sale of products                  2,235,178   1,004,474        733,414   1,379,622    165,090   5,517,778
     Out-licensing agreements                 —           —              —       21,863         —       21,863

     Total revenue                     2,235,178   1,004,474        733,414   1,401,485    165,090   5,539,641

     Segment results                   1,226,968     382,323        183,278    482,140      52,012   2,326,721

     Other income and gains                                                                            403,290
     Administrative expenses                                                                          (521,482)
     Other expenses                                                                                   (844,079)
     Finance costs                                                                                    (424,002)
     Share of profit of an associate                                                                     1,726

     Profit before tax                                                                                 942,174


                                                     103
                                               Annual Report 2021
                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                  31 December 2021




4.   Operating segment information (Continued)

     Geographical information
     (a)   Revenue from external customers
                                                                                           2021             2020
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000


           Mainland China                                                               4,237,528       4,511,447
           Asia (other than Mainland China)                                               443,848         505,202
           European Union                                                                 244,075         242,785
           Other countries                                                                274,775         280,207


           Total                                                                        5,200,226       5,539,641


           The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.

     (b)   Non-current assets
                                                                                           2021             2020
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000


           Mainland China                                                               7,249,923       6,042,858
           Hong Kong                                                                    2,316,255       2,459,920
           European Union                                                               1,328,489       1,568,979
           Other countries                                                                135,708         102,806


           Total                                                                       11,030,375      10,174,563


           The non-current asset information above is based on the locations of the assets and excludes financial
           instruments and deferred tax assets.

           Information about a major customer
           No revenue from the Group’s sales to a single customer accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s revenue
           during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.



5.   Revenue, other income and gains

     An analysis of revenue is as follows:

                                                                                           2021             2020
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000


     Revenue from contracts with customers                                              5,200,226       5,539,641




                                                         104
                                                Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                 31 December 2021




5.   Revenue, other income and gains (Continued)

     Revenue from contracts with customers
     (i)   Disaggregated revenue information
           For the year ended 31 December 2021

                                                          Cardio- Alimentary      Central
                                                         vascular  tract and     nervous
                                           Oncology       system metabolism       system
                                              drugs        drugs      drugs        drugs     Others      Total
                                           RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000


           Types of goods or services
           Sale of products                1,057,492    1,361,310     898,455   1,172,808    136,605   4,626,670
           Sale of product know-how          339,938       65,970          —       74,092         —      480,000
           Provision of research and
             development services             16,691          —            —         851          —      17,542
           Out-licensing agreements               —           —            —      76,014          —      76,014


           Total revenue from contracts
             with customers                1,414,121    1,427,280     898,455   1,323,765    136,605   5,200,226


           Geographical markets
           Mainland China                   1,414,121   1,411,110     894,424    399,366     118,507   4,237,528
           Asia (other than Mainland China)        —       16,170       2,887    423,999         792     443,848
           European Union                          —           —          986    243,089          —      244,075
           Other countries                         —           —          158    257,311      17,306     274,775


           Total revenue from contracts
             with customers                1,414,121    1,427,280     898,455   1,323,765    136,605   5,200,226


           Timing of revenue recognition
           Transferred at a point in time 1,397,430     1,427,280     898,455   1,322,914    136,605   5,182,684
           Transferred over time             16,691            —           —          851         —       17,542


           Total revenue from contracts
             with customers                1,414,121    1,427,280     898,455   1,323,765    136,605   5,200,226




                                                        105
                                                 Annual Report 2021
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                 31 December 2021




5.   Revenue, other income and gains (Continued)

     Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
     (i)   Disaggregated revenue information (Continued)
           For the year ended 31 December 2020

                                                          Cardio-    Alimentary     Central
                                                         vascular     tract and    nervous
                                           Oncology       system    metabolism      system
                                              drugs        drugs          drugs      drugs      Others      Total
                                           RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000


           Types of goods or services
           Sale of products                2,235,178    1,004,474       733,414   1,379,622   165,090    5,517,778
           Out-licensing agreements               —            —             —       21,863        —        21,863


           Total revenue from contracts
             with customers                2,235,178    1,004,474       733,414   1,401,485   165,090    5,539,641


           Geographical markets
           Mainland China                   2,235,178    994,286        732,080    399,583    150,320    4,511,447
           Asia (other than Mainland China)        —      10,188          1,334    492,759        921      505,202
           European Union                          —          —              —     242,426        359      242,785
           Other countries                         —          —              —     266,717     13,490      280,207


           Total revenue from contracts
             with customers                2,235,178    1,004,474       733,414   1,401,485   165,090    5,539,641


           Timing of revenue recognition
           Transferred at a point in time 2,235,178     1,004,474       733,414   1,401,485   165,090    5,539,641


           Total revenue from contracts
             with customers                2,235,178    1,004,474       733,414   1,401,485   165,090    5,539,641




                                                        106
                                               Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                     31 December 2021




5.   Revenue, other income and gains (Continued)

     Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
     (i)    Disaggregated revenue information (Continued)
            The following table shows the amount of revenue recognised in the current reporting period that was included in
            the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period and recognised from performance obligations
            satisfied in previous periods:

                                                                                                  2021              2020
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


            Revenue recognised that was included in contract liabilities
              at the beginning of the reporting period:

            Sale of products                                                                     67,021            49,408


     (ii)   Performance obligations
            Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:

            Sale of products
            The performance obligation is satisfied upon acceptance of the goods and payment is generally due within one
            month to three months, extending up to six months for major customers.

            Sale of product know-how
            The performance obligation is satisfied upon acceptance of the product know-how and payment is generally
            within one year.

            Provision of research and development services
            The performance obligation is satisfied over time as services are rendered and payment is generally due within
            six months from the date of billing.




                                                            107
                                                     Annual Report 2021
                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                     31 December 2021




5.   Revenue, other income and gains (Continued)

     Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
     (ii)   Performance obligations (Continued)
            Out-licensing agreements
            The performance obligation is satisfied upon granting the license and payment is generally due within 30 days
            from the date of billing.

            The amounts of transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or partially
            unsatisfied) as at 31 December are as follows:

                                                                                                   2021               2020
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


            Amounts expected to be recognised as revenue:
             Within one year                                                                       39,640            67,021
             After one year                                                                            —             18,978


                                                                                                   39,640            85,999


            The amounts of transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations which are expected to be
            recognised as revenue after one year relate to a license arrangement. All the other amounts of transaction prices
            allocated to the remaining performance obligations are expected to be recognised as revenue within one year.
            The amounts disclosed above do not include variable consideration which is constrained.

     Other income and gains
                                                                                                   2021               2020
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


     Bank interest income                                                                         101,996           109,170
     Dividend income from equity investments at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                                                                  9,573                —
     Government grants                                                                            118,328           199,893
     Investment income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  78,117            40,646
     Interest income on loans to a related party                                                       —              1,235
     Foreign exchange gain, net                                                                        —             49,750
     Gain on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                                    11,357                87
     Others                                                                                        11,319             2,509


                                                                                                  330,690           403,290




                                                            108
                                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                       31 December 2021




6.   (Loss)/profit before tax

     The Group’s (loss)/profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                 2021        2020
                                                                                      Notes   RMB’000     RMB’000


     Depreciation of items of property, plant and equipment                            13      309,211    268,223
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                              14(a)     33,516     27,480
     Amortisation of other intangible assets*                                          16      239,255    215,196
     Write-down of inventories to net realisable value**                                        18,421      6,125
     Impairment of trade receivables, net                                              20         (519)      (392)
     Lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities              14(c)     14,931      9,658
     Auditor’s remuneration                                                                     10,648      9,840

     Employee benefit expenses
      (excluding directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration (note 8)):
      Wages and salaries                                                                       719,797    631,688
      Pension scheme contributions***                                                          148,599     90,645
      Pension plan costs (defined benefit plan)                                                  1,552      2,455
      Central Provident Fund in Singapore***                                                     2,408      1,824
      Staff welfare expenses                                                                    49,770     48,653
      Equity-settled share award expense                                                        49,976     50,904


                                                                                               972,102    826,169


     Other expenses:
       Research and development costs                                                          683,156    789,869
       Foreign exchange loss, net                                                               24,091         —
       Donation                                                                                  1,130      3,085
       Remeasurement of contingent considerations                                               57,505     23,761
       Fair value losses on derivative financial instruments                                        —      22,563
       Fair value adjustment of redemption liabilities
         on non-controlling interests                                                           67,450         —
       Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value through
         profit or loss                                                                         14,808      3,458
       Provision for legal claim                                                       37      273,482         —
       Others                                                                                    5,984      1,343


                                                                                              1,127,606   844,079




                                                              109
                                                      Annual Report 2021
                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                    31 December 2021




6.   (Loss)/profit before tax (Continued)

     The Group’s (loss)/profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting): (Continued)

                                                                                                                                  2021                   2020
                                                                                                                               RMB’000                RMB’000


     Cost of inventories sold                                                                                                  1,785,944              1,549,027
     Cost of services provided                                                                                                    17,542                     —

     The “Cost of sales” amount includes the following expenses which are also
       included in the respective total amounts of the items disclosed above:

           Depreciation of items of property, plant and equipment                                                                247,463               213,108
           Amortisation of other intangible assets*                                                                              234,269               210,563
           Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                                     8,494                 7,882
           Staff costs                                                                                                           358,485               313,096


     *        The amortisation of trademarks, distribution right, patents and technology know-how are included in “Cost of sales” in the consolidated statement
              of profit or loss.


              The amortisation of software is included in “Administrative expenses” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


     **       The write-down of inventories to net realisable value is included in “Cost of sales” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


     ***      There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing level of contributions.




7.   Finance costs

     An analysis of finance costs is as follows:

                                                                                                                                  2021                   2020
                                                                                                                               RMB’000                RMB’000


     Interest on bank and other loans (including convertible bonds)                                                              355,300               401,383
     Amortised interest on discounted long-term payables                                                                              —                  1,721
     Interest on discounted notes receivable                                                                                      33,046                 4,867
     Interest on discounted letters of credit                                                                                      9,434                14,574
     Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                                 1,678                 1,457


                                                                                                                                 399,458               424,002




                                                                             110
                                                                 Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                     31 December 2021




8.   Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration

     Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a), (b),
     (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about
     Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                                      2021               2020
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


     Fees                                                                                              1,295              1,388

     Other emoluments:
       Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                       6,998              7,846
       Performance related bonuses                                                                     2,050              2,407
       Equity-settled share award expense                                                                103                348
       Pension scheme contributions                                                                      248                187

                                                                                                       9,399             10,788

                                                                                                      10,694             12,176


     During the year and in prior years, certain directors were granted shares, in respect of their services to the Group,
     under the share award scheme of the Company, further details of which are set out in note 40 to the financial
     statements. The fair value of the shares granted, which has been recognised in the statement of profit or loss over the
     vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and the amount included in the financial statements for the
     current year is included in the above directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration disclosures.

     Independent non-executive directors
                                                                                              Equity-settled
                                                                                               share award
                                                                                   Fees            expense              Total
                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000


     2021

     Leung Man Kit                                                                    299                  —                299
     Choy Sze Chung Jojo                                                              249                  —                249
     Lo Yuk Lam                                                                       249                  —                249
     Zhang Hua Qiao                                                                   249                  —                249

                                                                                    1,046                  —              1,046

     2020

     Leung Man Kit                                                                    320                   8               328
     Choy Sze Chung Jojo                                                              267                   8               275
     Lo Yuk Lam                                                                       267                   8               275
     Zhang Hua Qiao                                                                   267                   8               275

                                                                                    1,121                  32             1,153


                                                            111
                                                     Annual Report 2021
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                    31 December 2021




8.   Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration (Continued)

     Executive directors, non-executive directors and the chief executive
                                                  Salaries,                            Equity-
                                               allowances Performance      Pension     settled
                                              and benefits     related     scheme share award       Total
                                         Fees       in kind   bonuses contributions  expense remuneration
                                      RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000

     2021

     Executive directors:

     Liu Dian Bo                              —          3,004         960              68            —            4,032
     Yang Rong Bing                           —          2,260         610              58            —            2,928
     Yuan Hui Xian                            —            978         300              —             —            1,278
     Zhu Yuan Yuan                            —            756         180             122            —            1,058

                                              —          6,998       2,050             248            —            9,296

     Non-executive director:

     Sun Xin                                 —               —             —            —             —               —
     Song Rui Lin                           249              —             —            —            103             352

                                            249          6,998       2,050             248           103           9,648

     2020

     Executive directors:

     Liu Dian Bo                              —          4,076         960              39            —            5,075
     Yang Rong Bing                           —          2,260         960              58            —            3,278
     Yuan Hui Xian                            —            994         300              —             —            1,294
     Zhu Yuan Yuan                            —            516         187              90            —              793

                                              —          7,846       2,407             187            —           10,440

     Non-executive director:

     Song Rui Lin                           267              —             —            —            316             583

                                            267          7,846       2,407             187           316          11,023


     There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any remuneration
     during the year.

     Liu Dian Bo is also the chief executive of the Group.

     Sun Xin was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company on 8 February 2021.

     The directors did not receive any emoluments from the Group as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as
     compensation for loss of office during the year (2020: Nil).


                                                             112
                                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                     31 December 2021




9.   Five highest paid employees

     The five highest paid employees of the Group during the year included one director (2020: two directors), details of
     whose remuneration are set out in note 8 above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining four (2020:
     three) highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                                     2021               2020
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000


     Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                       11,760              5,861
     Performance related bonuses                                                                      1,064              1,538
     Equity-settled share award expense                                                              11,654              2,716
     Pension scheme contributions                                                                       290                100


                                                                                                     24,768             10,215


     The number of the non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the
     following bands is as follows:

                                                                                                 Number of employees
                                                                                                    2021             2020


     HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                                         —                  2
     HK$4,000,001 to HK$4,500,000                                                                         1                  —
     HK$5,000,001 to HK$5,500,000                                                                         —                  1
     HK$6,000,001 to HK$6,500,000                                                                         1                  —
     HK$9,000,001 to HK$9,500,000                                                                         1                  —
     HK$9,500,001 to HK$10,000,000                                                                        1                  —


                                                                                                           4                  3


     In prior years, shares were granted to non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees in respect of their
     services to the Group, further details of which are included in the disclosures in note 40 to the financial statements. The
     fair value of such shares, which has been recognised in the statement of profit or loss over the vesting period, was
     determined as at the date of grant and the amount included in the financial statements for the current year is included
     in the above non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees’ remuneration disclosures.




                                                            113
                                                    Annual Report 2021
               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                     31 December 2021




10. Income tax

   The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profits arising in or derived from the jurisdictions in which
   members of the Group are domiciled and operate.

   Pursuant to the rules and regulations of Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands and the Cayman Islands, the Group is not
   subject to any income tax in these jurisdictions.

   Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2020: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profits
   arising in Hong Kong during the year, except for a subsidiary of the Group which is a qualifying entity under the two-
   tiered profits tax rates regime. The first HK$2,000,000 (2020: HK$2,000,000) of assessable profits of this subsidiary
   are taxed at 8.25% (2020: 8.25%) and the remaining assessable profits are taxed at 16.5% (2020: 16.5%).

   Pursuant to the rules and regulations of Singapore, Malaysia, Switzerland, Germany, United Kingdom and Australia,
   the Group is subject to 17%, 24%, 13%, 29.125%, 19% and 30% of their taxable income, respectively.

   Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the USA, the Group is subject to Federal statutory tax at the rate of 21% (2020:
   21%) of taxable income. No provision for income tax has been made as the Group did not generate any taxable
   income in the USA (2020: Nil) during the year.

   The provision for Mainland China current income tax is based on the statutory rate of 25% of the assessable profits of
   certain PRC subsidiaries of the Group as determined in accordance with the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law which
   was approved and became effective on 1 January 2008, except for certain subsidiaries of the Group in Mainland China
   which are granted tax concession and are taxed at preferential tax rates.

   Shandong Luye, Nanjing Luye, WPU, Sichuan Luye and Nanjing Kanghai Phospholipid are qualified as High and New
   Technology Enterprises and were entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% (2020: 15%) during the year.

                                                                                                  2021               2020
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


   Current tax:
     Charge for the year                                                                        105,066            259,223
     (Overprovision)/underprovision in prior years                                                 (897)              4,272
   Deferred tax (note 32)                                                                       (33,943)            (24,586)


   Total tax charge for the year                                                                  70,226           238,909




                                                          114
                                               Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                    31 December 2021




10. Income tax (Continued)

    A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to (loss)/profit before tax at the statutory rate in Mainland China to the tax
    expense at the effective tax rate is as follows:

                                                                                                      2021               2020
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


    (Loss)/profit before tax                                                                         (74,557)           942,174


    At the PRC’s statutory income tax rate of 25%                                                     (18,639)          235,544
    Effect of tax rate differences in other jurisdictions                                              66,133             21,472
    Preferential income tax rates applicable to subsidiaries                                          (45,328)         (109,870)
    Additional deductible allowance for research and development expenses                           (123,624)            (92,642)
    Adjustments in respect of current tax of previous years                                              (897)              4,272
    Effect of non-deductible expenses                                                                  92,787             46,109
    Deemed income subject to tax                                                                       13,369                  —
    Income not subject to tax                                                                         (46,165)             (3,878)
    Tax losses utilised from previous years                                                            (4,074)               (767)
    Tax losses not recognised                                                                        136,509            137,835
    Effect of withholding tax at 10% on the interest expense of
      the Group’s PRC subsidiaries to be paid                                                            155                834


    Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate                                                          70,226            238,909


    The effective tax rate of the Group for the year was –94.2% (2020: 25.4%).



11. Dividends

    No interim or final dividends were declared by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2021 (2020: Nil).




                                                            115
                                                    Annual Report 2021
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                     31 December 2021




12. (Loss)/earnings per share attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent

    The calculation of the basic (loss)/earnings per share amount is based on the (loss)/profit for the year attributable to
    ordinary equity holders of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 3,445,431,364 (2020:
    3,187,322,035) in issue during the year. The number of shares for the current period has been arrived at after
    eliminating the shares of the Company held under the share award scheme and shares issued.

    The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amount for the year ended 31 December 2020 is based on the profit
    for the year attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent. The weighted average number of ordinary shares used
    in the calculation is the number of ordinary shares used in the basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted
    average number of ordinary shares assumed to have been issued at no consideration on the deemed exercise of all
    dilutive potential ordinary shares under the share award scheme.

    No adjustment has been made to the basic earnings per share amounts presented for the year ended 31 December
    2020 in respect of a dilution from the impact of the convertible bonds outstanding, as it had an anti-dilutive effect on
    the basic earnings per share amount presented.

    No adjustment has been made to the basic loss per share amount presented for the year ended 31 December 2021 in
    respect of a dilution as the impact of the convertible bonds outstanding and share award scheme had an anti-dilutive
    effect on the basic loss per share amount presented. The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are
    based on:

                                                                                                  2021               2020
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


    (Loss)/earnings
    (Loss)/profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
      used in the basic earnings per share calculation                                          (134,392)          706,586


                                                                                                Number of shares
                                                                                                  2021                2020


    Shares
    Weighted average number of shares in issue during the year                            3,445,431,364     3,187,322,035
    Effect of dilution — weighted average number of ordinary shares
      under the share award scheme                                                                     —         6,625,296


                                                                                          3,445,431,364     3,193,947,331




                                                             116
                                                   Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                  31 December 2021




13. Property, plant and equipment

                                             Machinery                  Computer
                                                   and          Motor and office    Leasehold Construction
                                   Buildings equipment        vehicles equipment improvements in progress       Total
                                   RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000


   31 December 2021

   At 1 January 2021:
     Cost                          1,455,418    2,539,854      21,266    156,604       25,399      864,861    5,063,402
     Accumulated depreciation
        and impairment              (306,379)    (961,747)    (13,673)    (92,450)     (11,455)         — (1,385,704)


     Net carrying amount           1,149,039    1,578,107       7,593     64,154       13,944      864,861    3,677,698


   At 1 January 2021,
     net of accumulated
     depreciation and impairment   1,149,039    1,578,107       7,593     64,154       13,944      864,861    3,677,698
   Additions                          54,249      122,128         911     11,806        2,816      327,000      518,910
   Disposals                            (541)      (6,848)        (14)      (375)        (135)          —        (7,913)
   Depreciation provided
     during the year                 (53,406)    (231,975)     (1,877)    (16,955)      (4,998)         —      (309,211)
   Transfers                        108,102       234,892          —        3,689      12,249     (358,932)          —
   Exchange realignment               (9,159)     (11,124)        (43)       (942)         275          —       (20,993)


   At 31 December 2021:
     net of accumulated
     depreciation and impairment   1,248,284    1,685,180       6,570     61,377       24,151      832,929    3,858,491


   At 31 December 2021:
     Cost                          1,601,924    2,841,179      21,619    167,957       40,260      832,929    5,505,868
     Accumulated depreciation
        and impairment              (353,640) (1,155,999)     (15,049)   (106,580)     (16,109)         — (1,647,377)


     Net carrying amount           1,248,284    1,685,180       6,570     61,377       24,151      832,929    3,858,491




                                                         117
                                                  Annual Report 2021
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                    31 December 2021




13. Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

                                                  Machinery                  Computer
                                                        and        Motor      and office      Leasehold     Construction
                                     Buildings    equipment      vehicles    equipment     improvements      in progress      Total
                                     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000


    31 December 2020

    At 1 January 2020:
      Cost                          1,229,627     2,325,005       22,277       142,545          23,854          653,751    4,397,059
      Accumulated depreciation
         and impairment               (257,336)    (761,789)     (13,507)       (78,715)         (9,419)             — (1,120,766)


      Net carrying amount             972,291     1,563,216        8,770        63,830          14,435          653,751    3,276,293


    At 1 January 2020,
      net of accumulated
      depreciation and impairment     972,291     1,563,216        8,770        63,830          14,435          653,751    3,276,293
    Additions                         123,715       161,606        1,123        14,801             620          364,739      666,604
    Disposals                              (11)       (1,933)       (137)           (40)          (102)              —         (2,223)
    Depreciation provided
      during the year                  (47,774)    (200,768)       (2,172)      (15,434)         (2,075)             —      (268,223)
    Transfers                           98,640       53,120            —            775           1,094        (153,629)          —
    Exchange realignment                 2,178        2,866             9           222              (28)            —         5,247


    At 31 December 2020,
      net of accumulated
      depreciation and impairment   1,149,039     1,578,107        7,593        64,154          13,944          864,861    3,677,698


    At 31 December 2020:
      Cost                          1,455,418     2,539,854       21,266       156,604          25,399          864,861    5,063,402
      Accumulated depreciation
         and impairment               (306,379)    (961,747)     (13,673)       (92,450)        (11,455)             — (1,385,704)


      Net carrying amount           1,149,039     1,578,107        7,593        64,154          13,944          864,861    3,677,698


    As at 31 December 2021, the Group was applying for the certificates of ownership for certain properties with a net
    book value of RMB107,386,000 (2020: RMB110,123,000). The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the
    use of the properties and the conduct of operating activities at those properties referred to above are not affected by
    the fact the Group had not yet obtained the relevant property title certificates. The Group is not able to assign, transfer
    or mortgage these assets until these certificates are obtained.

    As at 31 December 2021, certain of the Group’s property, plant and equipment with a net carrying amount of
    approximately RMB557,809,000 (2020: RMB186,649,000) were pledged to secure bank loans (note 27).


                                                            118
                                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                31 December 2021




14. Leases

   The Group has lease contracts for various items of buildings, plant and machinery and motor vehicles used in its
   operations. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire the leased land from the owners with lease periods of
   20 to 60 years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these land leases. Leases of buildings, plant
   and machinery generally have lease terms between 1.5 and 5 years, while motor vehicles generally have lease terms
   between 2 and 3 years. Other equipment generally has lease terms of 12 months or less. Generally, the Group is
   restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased assets outside the Group.

   (a)   Right-of-use assets
         The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                             Leasehold                           Motor       Plant and
                                                  land        Buildings        vehicles      machinery          Total
                                              RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


         As at 1 January 2020                   228,020          26,115              73           2,000        256,208
         Additions                               95,045          14,025             370              —         109,440
         Depreciation charge                      (7,067)       (19,701)           (122)           (590)        (27,480)
         Exchange realignment                         —            (208)             —               —             (208)


         As at 31 December 2020
           and 1 January 2021                   315,998          20,231             321           1,410        337,960
         Additions                                    —          30,695               —           8,466          39,161
         Depreciation charge                     (10,252)       (18,850)           (117)         (4,297)        (33,516)
         Exchange realignment                         —           1,426              (26)            (15)         1,385


         As at 31 December 2021                 305,746          33,502             178           5,564        344,990


         As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s right-of-use assets with a carrying value of RMB5,386,000 (2020: Nil)
         were pledged to secure the bank loans (note 27).




                                                       119
                                                Annual Report 2021
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                      31 December 2021




14. Leases (Continued)

    (b) Lease liabilities
          The carrying amount of lease liabilities (included under interest-bearing loans and borrowings) and the
          movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                       2021           2020
                                                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000


          Carrying amount at 1 January                                                                  24,742        28,957
          New leases                                                                                    39,161        14,395
          Accretion of interest recognised during the year                                               1,678          1,457
          Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors                                                    —          (1,675)
          Payments                                                                                     (26,354)      (17,581)
          Exchange realignment                                                                           2,723           (811)


          Carrying amount at 31 December                                                               41,950        24,742


          Analysed into:
            Current portion                                                                            22,745        13,013
            Non-current portion                                                                        19,205        11,729


          The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 45 to the financial statements.

          The Group has applied the practical expedient to all eligible rent concessions granted by the lessors for leases of
          certain buildings during the year.

    (c)   The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                                                       2021           2020
                                                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000


          Interest on lease liabilities                                                                 1,678         1,457
          Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                                   33,516        27,480
          Expense relating to short-term leases
             (included in cost of sales, selling and distribution expenses
             and administrative expenses)                                                              14,931          9,658
          Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors                                                   —          (1,675)


          Total amount recognised in profit or loss                                                    50,125        36,920


    (d) The total cash outflow for leases is disclosed in note 42(c) to the financial statements.




                                                             120
                                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                 31 December 2021




15. Goodwill

                                                                                                 2021              2020
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000


   Carrying amount at 1 January                                                              1,056,583          1,038,068
   Exchange realignment                                                                        (71,170)            18,515


   Carrying amount at 31 December                                                              985,413          1,056,583


   There was no impairment charge made against goodwill for the year (2020: Nil).

   Impairment testing of goodwill
   Goodwill acquired through business combinations has been allocated to seven individual cash-generating units for
   impairment testing:

   (a)   CMNa cash-generating unit (“CMNa unit”), which relates to CMNa, one of the Group’s key products;

   (b)   Pharmaceutical products other than the CMNa cash-generating unit (“Other products unit”), which relates to
         Maitongna and Lutingnuo, of which Maitongna is one of the Group’s key products;

   (c)   Solid Success Group cash-generating unit (“SSL unit”), which relates to Lipusu and Tiandixin, of which Lipusu is
         one of the Group’s key products;

   (d)   Luye Pharma (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (“LPPL”) cash-generating unit (“LPPL unit”), which relates to HypoCol;

   (e)   WPU cash-generating unit (“WPU unit”), which relates to Xuezhikang, one of the Group’s key products;

   (f)   Sichuan Luye cash-generating unit (“SL unit”), which relates to Bei Xi, one of the Group’s key products; and

   (g)   Europe cash-generating unit (“EU unit”), which relates to products of advanced transdermal drug delivery
         systems, one of the key products of the Group.




                                                        121
                                                 Annual Report 2021
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                   31 December 2021




15. Goodwill (Continued)

    Impairment testing of goodwill (Continued)
    The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to each of the cash-generating units is as follows:

                                                                                                  2021            2020
                                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000


    CMNa unit                                                                                        38,444      38,444
    Other products unit                                                                               5,954       5,954
    SSL unit                                                                                        114,185     114,185
    LPPL unit                                                                                         7,353       7,353
    WPU unit                                                                                         22,276      22,276
    SL unit                                                                                         159,144     159,144
    EU unit                                                                                         638,057     709,227


                                                                                                    985,413   1,056,583


    The recoverable amounts of the cash-generating units have been determined based on a value-in-use calculation using
    cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by senior management covering a five-year period for the
    EU unit and other units. The pre-tax discount rates applied to cash flow projections were 13.3% (2020: 11.7%) for the
    EU unit and 15% (2020: 15%) for other units. The growth rates used to extrapolate the cash flows of the EU unit and
    other units beyond the five-year period were 2.0% (2020: 2.0%) and 3% (2020: 3%), respectively.

    Key assumptions used in the value-in-use calculation
    The calculation of value in use is based on assumptions of the following:

    •    Gross margins and operating expenses

    •    Discount rates

    •    Growth rates

    Gross margins and operating expenses — Gross margins are based on the average gross margins achieved in the
    year immediately before the budget year and are increased over the budget period for anticipated efficiency
    improvements. Estimates on operating expenses reflect past experience and management’s commitment to maintain
    them at an acceptable level.

    Discount rates — the rates reflect management’s estimate of the risks specific to each of the units.

    Growth rates — the rates are based on published industry research.

    The values assigned to the key assumptions on gross margins and operating expenses, discount rates and growth
    rates are consistent with management’s past experience and external information sources.




                                                          122
                                                Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                 31 December 2021




16. Other intangible assets

                                                  Patents and                   Deferred
                                                   technology                development      Distribution
                                       Trademarks   know-how        Software        costs            right      Total
                                          RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


   31 December 2021

   At 1 January 2021:
     Cost                                  41,971     1,993,060        51,980    1,005,396     2,683,722      5,776,129
     Accumulated amortisation             (38,066)     (712,039)      (32,207)          —       (223,813)    (1,006,125)


     Net carrying amount                    3,905     1,281,021       19,773     1,005,396     2,459,909     4,770,004


   Cost at 1 January 2021,
     net of accumulated amortisation        3,905     1,281,021       19,773     1,005,396     2,459,909     4,770,004
   Additions                                    3       205,665       28,463       793,250            —      1,027,381
   Transfers                                   —        416,383           —       (416,383)           —             —
   Amortisation provided
     during the year                        (3,905)    (141,919)       (4,986)          —         (88,445)    (239,255)
   Exchange realignment                         —        (40,650)        (173)     (20,264)       (55,210)    (116,297)


   At 31 December 2021                           3    1,720,500       43,077     1,361,999     2,316,254     5,441,833


   At 31 December 2021:
     Cost                                  41,974     2,511,248        61,604    1,361,999     2,600,130      6,576,955
     Accumulated amortisation             (41,971)     (790,748)      (18,527)          —       (283,876)    (1,135,122)


     Net carrying amount                         3    1,720,500       43,077     1,361,999      2,316,254    5,441,833




                                                       123
                                                 Annual Report 2021
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                 31 December 2021




16. Other intangible assets (Continued)

                                                      Patents and                 Deferred
                                                       technology             development      Distribution
                                        Trademarks      know-how     Software        costs            right       Total
                                          RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


    31 December 2020

    At 1 January 2020:
      Cost                                  41,971     2,061,109       48,743      583,754     2,869,146      5,604,723
      Accumulated amortisation             (34,952)     (714,152)     (26,859)          —       (143,457)      (919,420)


      Net carrying amount                    7,019     1,346,957        21,884     583,754     2,725,689      4,685,303


    Cost at 1 January 2020,
      net of accumulated amortisation        7,019     1,346,957        21,884     583,754     2,725,689      4,685,303
    Additions                                   —         32,660         2,429     468,278            —         503,367
    Transfers                                   —         51,853            —       (51,853)          —              —
    Amortisation provided
      during the year                       (3,114)     (112,692)       (4,633)         —          (94,757)    (215,196)
    Exchange realignment                        —         (37,757)          93       5,217       (171,023)     (203,470)


    At 31 December 2020                      3,905     1,281,021        19,773    1,005,396    2,459,909      4,770,004


    At 31 December 2020:
      Cost                                  41,971     1,993,060       51,980     1,005,396    2,683,722       5,776,129
      Accumulated amortisation             (38,066)     (712,039)     (32,207)           —      (223,813)     (1,006,125)


      Net carrying amount                    3,905     1,281,021        19,773    1,005,396    2,459,909      4,770,004




                                                         124
                                               Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                    31 December 2021




16. Other intangible assets (Continued)

    Impairment testing of deferred development costs
    Deferred development costs were capitalised in accordance with the accounting policies for research and development
    costs in note 2.4 to the financial statements. The useful life of deferred development costs is considered indefinite until
    the completion or abandonment of the related research and development efforts. Deferred development costs are not
    amortised but tested individually for impairment annually. The useful life of an intangible asset with an indefinite life is
    reviewed annually to determine whether the indefinite life assessment continues to be supportable.

    The recoverable amounts of deferred development costs have been determined based on a value in use calculation
    using cash flow projections which are based on financial forecast approved by the Company’s directors. The discount
    rate applied to the cash flow projections 15.0% (2020: 15.0%), which is determined by reference to the average rates
    for in progress research and development projects with similar business risk and after taking into account the risk
    premium in connection with the related research and development efforts. The growth rates used to extrapolate the
    cash flows beyond the forecast period are from –3% to 2% (2020: –3% to 2%), which are also estimates of the rate of
    inflation and characteristic of pharmaceutical industry.

    In the opinion of the Company’s directors, any reasonably possible change in the key assumptions on which the
    recoverable amounts are based would not cause the carrying amounts of deferred development costs to exceed their
    recoverable amounts.

    Assumptions were used in the value in use calculation of deferred development costs as at 31 December 2021. The
    following describes each key assumption on which management has based its cash flow projections to undertake
    impairment testing of deferred development costs:

    Discount rate   — The discount rate used is before tax and reflects specific risks in respect of the related research
                      and development efforts.

    Profit margin   — The basis used to determine the value assigned to the profit margin is the expected
                      commercialising markets.

    Growth rate     — The growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flows beyond the forecast period is based on the
                      estimated growth rate of the Group taking into account the industry growth rate, past experience
                      and the medium-term or long-term growth target of the Group.

    The values assigned to the key assumptions are consistent with historical experience of the Group and external
    information sources.




                                                           125
                                                    Annual Report 2021
               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                    31 December 2021




17. Investment in an associate

                                                                                                      2021             2020
                                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000


   At 1 January                                                                                        8,640           6,346
   Share of profits                                                                                      614           2,391
   Dividend received                                                                                    (518)              —
   Foreign currency translation differences                                                               (77)            (97)


   At 31 December                                                                                      8,659           8,640


   Particulars of the associate are as follows:

                                                                           Percentage of
                                  Place of             Nominal value of ownership interest
                                  incorporation       issued/registered       attributable
   Company                        and business            share capital      to the Group Principal activities


   Steward Cross Pte. Ltd.        Singapore                  SG$620,002                        36 Distribution and sale of
     (“Steward Cross”)                                                                              pharmaceutical drugs

   The Group’s shareholdings in this associate comprise equity shares held through a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
   Company.

   The following table illustrates the financial information of the Group’s associate that is not material:

                                                                                                      2021             2020
                                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000


   Share of the associate’s profit for the year                                                          701           1,726
   Share of the associate’s total comprehensive income                                                   701           1,726
   Carrying amount of the Group’s investment in the associate                                          8,659           8,640


   As at 31 December 2021, the unrealised profits from the related party transactions between Steward Cross and LPPL
   was RMB366,000 (2020: RMB125,000).




                                                           126
                                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                   31 December 2021




18. Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive
    income

                                                                                                   2021            2020
                                                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000


   Listed equity investments, at fair value                                                         5,870          3,041
   Unlisted equity investments, at fair value                                                      89,403         58,515


                                                                                                   95,273         61,556


   The above equity investments were irrevocably designated at fair value through other comprehensive income as the
   Group considers these investments to be strategic in nature.

   The fair value of the listed equity investments is derived from quoted price in an active market.

   The fair value of the unlisted equity investments which are not quoted in an active market is valued using observable
   inputs such as recently executed transaction prices in securities of the issuer or comparable issuers and yield curves.



19. Inventories

                                                                                                   2021            2020
                                                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000


   Raw materials                                                                                  268,127        220,547
   Work in progress                                                                               219,172        186,806
   Finished goods                                                                                 259,045        204,950


                                                                                                  746,344        612,303



20. Trade and notes receivables

                                                                                                   2021            2020
                                                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000


   Trade receivables                                                                            1,518,185        954,645
   Notes receivable                                                                               250,315        602,614


                                                                                                1,768,500      1,557,259
   Less: Impairment of trade receivables                                                           (3,404)         (4,170)


                                                                                                1,765,096      1,553,089


                                                          127
                                                   Annual Report 2021
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                   31 December 2021




20. Trade and notes receivables (Continued)

    The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit. The credit period is generally one month to three
    months, extending up to six months for major customers. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its
    outstanding receivables and has a credit control department to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed
    regularly by senior management. In view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade receivables relate to
    a large number of diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. Trade receivables are non-
    interest-bearing.

    As at 31 December 2021, notes receivable of RMB250,315,000 (2020: RMB602,614,000) were classified as financial
    assets at fair value through other comprehensive income under IFRS 9. The fair value changes of these notes
    receivable at fair value through other comprehensive income were insignificant in 2021.

    An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as
    follows:

                                                                                                   2021               2020
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


    Within 3 months                                                                            1,008,416            887,792
    3 to 6 months                                                                                 57,993             47,101
    6 to 12 months                                                                               449,895             17,067
    1 to 2 years                                                                                     697              1,267
    Over 2 years                                                                                   1,184              1,418


                                                                                               1,518,185            954,645


    The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                                   2021               2020
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


    At beginning of year                                                                            4,170              4,718
    Impairment losses, net (note 6)                                                                  (519)              (392)
    Exchange realignment                                                                             (247)              (156)


    At end of year                                                                                  3,404              4,170


    An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected credit losses.
    The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments with similar loss patterns.
    The calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome and reasonable and supportable information that is available
    at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. Generally,
    trade receivables are written off if past due and are not subject to enforcement activity.




                                                          128
                                                Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                   31 December 2021




20. Trade and notes receivables (Continued)

    Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using a provision
    matrix:

    As at 31 December 2021

                                                 Less than        6 months         1 year to            Over
                                                 6 months         to 1 year         2 years          2 years            Total


    Expected credit loss rate                       0.18%           0.00%           50.00%         100.00%            0.15%
    Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)              1,066,409         449,895              697           1,184        1,518,185
    Expected credit losses (RMB’000)                 1,871              —               349           1,184            3,404


    As at 31 December 2020

                                                 Less than        6 months         1 year to            Over
                                                 6 months          to 1 year        2 years          2 years            Total


    Expected credit loss rate                       0.23%           0.00%           50.00%         100.00%            0.44%
    Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)                934,893          17,067            1,267           1,418          954,645
    Expected credit losses (RMB’000)                 2,119              —               633           1,418            4,170


    As at 31 December 2021, the Group has pledged notes receivable of RMB11,932,000 (2020: RMB15,000,000) to
    secure notes payable of RMB11,932,000 (2020: RMB15,000,000) (note 24).

    As at 31 December 2021, the Group has pledged intra-group notes receivable of RMB50,000,000 (2020:
    RMB10,000,000) to secure bank loans (note 27).

    The notes receivable are due within twelve months. As at 31 December 2021, notes receivable and intra-group notes
    receivable of RMB6,170,000 (2020: RMB929,000) and RMB750,000,000 (2020: RMB540,975,000) were discounted.

    At 31 December 2021, the Group endorsed certain notes receivable accepted by certain banks in the PRC (the
    “Endorsed Notes”) to certain of its suppliers in order to settle the trade and other payables due to such suppliers with a
    carrying amount in aggregate of RMB463,670,000 (2020: RMB256,227,000) (the “Endorsement”). The Endorsed
    Notes have a maturity from one to twelve months as at 31 December 2021. In accordance with the Law of Negotiable
    Instruments in the PRC, the holders of the Endorsed Notes have a right of recourse against the Group if the PRC
    banks default (the “Continuing Involvement”).




                                                          129
                                                   Annual Report 2021
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                    31 December 2021




20. Trade and notes receivables (Continued)

    In the opinion of the directors, the Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards relating to certain Endorsed
    Notes accepted by large and reputable banks with an amount of RMB362,386,000 (2020: RMB167,955,000) (the
    “Derecognised Notes”). Accordingly, it has derecognised the full carrying amounts of the Derecognised Notes and the
    associated trade and other payables settled by the Endorsed Notes. The maximum exposure to loss from the Group’s
    Continuing Involvement in the Derecognised Notes and the undiscounted cash flows to repurchase these
    Derecognised Notes is equal to their carrying amounts. In the opinion of the directors, the fair values of the Group’s
    Continuing Involvement in the Derecognised Notes are not significant.

    The Group continued to recognise the full carrying amount of the remaining Endorsed Notes and the associated trade
    and other payables settled with an amount of RMB101,284,000 as at 31 December 2021 (2020: RMB88,273,000)
    because the directors of the Company believe that the Group has retained the substantial risks and rewards, which
    include default risks relating to such remaining Endorsed Notes.

    During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group has not recognised any gain or loss on the date of transfer of
    the Derecognised Notes. No gains or losses were recognised from the Continuing Involvement, both during the period
    and cumulatively. The Endorsement has been made evenly throughout the year.



21. Prepayments, other receivables and other assets

                                                                                                    2021                2020
                                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000


    Other receivables                                                                              622,610            253,522
    Prepaid income tax                                                                               1,143              1,773
    Prepaid other tax                                                                               45,796             93,697
    Prepayments                                                                                    369,989            121,516


                                                                                                 1,039,538            470,508


    The financial assets included in the above balances are non-interest-bearing, unsecured and repayable on demand.

    The financial assets included in the above balances relate to receivables for which there was no recent history of
    default and past due amounts. As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the loss allowance was assessed to be minimal.




                                                           130
                                                 Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                    31 December 2021




22. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                                                                                                    2021                2020
                                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000


    Current
    Listed equity investments, at fair value                                                         2,148             19,248
    Unlisted equity investments, at fair value                                                     930,000                 —
    Other unlisted investments, at fair value                                                    1,752,050          1,412,659


                                                                                                 2,684,198          1,431,907


    Non-current
    Unlisted equity investment, at fair value                                                      478,263              1,263


    The above equity investments were classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss as they were held for
    trading.

    The above unlisted equity investments were partnerships established in accordance with Partnership Enterprise Law of
    PRC. The above current other unlisted investments were wealth management products issued by licensed financial
    institutions in Mainland China with a maturity period within one year. The fair values of the financial assets approximate
    to their costs plus expected interest. They were mandatorily classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or
    loss as their contractual cash flows are not solely payments of principal and interest.

    The fair value of the listed equity investments is derived from quoted price in an active market.

    The fair value of the unlisted equity investments which are not quoted in an active market is valued using observable
    inputs such as recently executed transaction prices in securities of the issuer or comparable issuers and yield curves.




                                                           131
                                                    Annual Report 2021
               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                  31 December 2021




23. Cash and cash equivalents, pledged time deposits and restricted cash

                                                                                                  2021               2020
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


   Cash and bank balances                                                                     2,249,252          3,484,938
   Time deposits                                                                              2,320,254          2,680,223


                                                                                              4,569,506          6,165,161
   Less:
   Pledged time deposits for letters of credit                                                    (47,758)          (16,781)
   Pledged time deposits for bank loans                                                         (727,784)       (1,099,995)
   Current pledged time deposits for notes payable                                              (527,853)         (774,000)
   Non-current pledged time deposits for notes payable                                          (200,000)         (300,000)
   Non-current pledged time deposits to issue a letter of guarantee                             (240,000)                —
   Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of
     over three months when acquired                                                            (387,859)         (109,000)


   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                  2,438,252          3,865,385


   Denominated in RMB                                                                         1,979,986          3,786,523
   Denominated in US$                                                                           341,735             36,492
   Denominated in EUR                                                                            83,944             29,997
   Denominated in other currencies                                                               32,587             12,373


   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                  2,438,252          3,865,385


   The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies. However, under Mainland China’s Foreign Exchange Control
   Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is
   permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business. The
   remittance of funds out of Mainland China is subject to exchange restrictions imposed by the PRC government.

   Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Time deposits are made for varying
   periods of between seven days and thirty-six months depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Group,
   and earn interest at the respective time deposit rates. The bank balances and pledged time deposits are deposited
   with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.

   As at 31 December 2021, restricted cash of RMB29,266,000 (2020: RMB30,122,000) represented an account balance
   held at Bank of Communications Trustee Limited. The account was opened for the share award scheme of the Company,
   of which the balance cannot be withdrawn during the valid and effective term of the share award scheme. Restricted cash
   of RMB2,716,000 (2020: RMB7,351,000) represented an account balance held at China Minsheng Banking Corporation
   Limited. The account was opened for a bank loan of LPEU, which shall only be used for the payment of the interest, fees
   and principal of the loan. The borrower shall not utilise any amounts in the account without consent from the lender. The
   restricted cash balance is not available to finance the Group’s day-to-day operations and, therefore, has been excluded
   from cash and cash equivalents for the purposes of the statement of cash flows.


                                                         132
                                               Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                 31 December 2021




23. Cash and cash equivalents, pledged time deposits and restricted cash (Continued)

   As at 31 December 2021, time deposits of RMB727,784,000 (2020: RMB1,099,995,000) have been pledged to
   secure bank loans (note 27).

   As at 31 December 2021, time deposits of RMB492,340,000 (2020: RMB1,019,910,000) and RMB235,513,000 (2020:
   RMB54,090,000) have been pledged to secure intra-group notes payable and notes payable (note 24), respectively.



24. Trade and notes payables

                                                                                                2021               2020
                                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000


   Trade payables                                                                              323,445           326,172
   Notes payable                                                                               247,445           159,090


                                                                                               570,890           485,262


   An ageing analysis of the trade and notes payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is
   as follows:

                                                                                                2021               2020
                                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000


   Within 3 months                                                                             538,576           456,647
   3 to 6 months                                                                                18,815            17,952
   6 to 12 months                                                                                6,906             6,516
   1 to 2 years                                                                                  4,894             2,042
   Over 2 years                                                                                  1,699             2,105


                                                                                               570,890           485,262


   The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on 90-day terms.

   The maturity of the notes payable is within twelve months.

   As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s notes payable were secured by certain of the Group’s notes receivable and
   time deposits amounting to approximately RMB11,932,000 (2020: RMB15,000,000) (note 20) and RMB235,513,000
   (2020: RMB54,090,000) (note 23), respectively.




                                                        133
                                                 Annual Report 2021
                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                   31 December 2021




25. Other payables and accruals

                                                                                                                                2021                     2020
                                                                                                         Notes               RMB’000                  RMB’000


    Other payables                                                                                          (a)                348,950                 234,609
    Accrued liabilities                                                                                                        164,421                  27,451
    Accrued payroll                                                                                                            202,060                 133,275
    Contract liabilities                                                                                    (b)                 39,640                  85,999
    Taxes payable other than corporate income tax                                                                               63,930                  49,741
    Payables for purchases of property, plant and equipment and
      other intangible assets                                                                                                  228,822                 198,800
    Provision for legal claim                                                                                                  270,269                      —


                                                                                                                            1,318,092                  729,875


    Notes:


    (a)      Other payables are non-interest-bearing.


    (b)      Details of contract liabilities are as follows:


                                                                                             31 December 2021         31 December 2020            1 January 2020
                                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000                  RMB’000


             Advances received from customers
             Sale of products                                                                             39,640                   67,021                  49,408
             Out-licensing agreements                                                                             —                18,978                       —


             Total contract liabilities                                                                   39,640                   85,999                  49,408


             Contract liabilities mainly include advances received to deliver products. The increase in contract liabilities in 2020 was mainly due to the increase
             in advances received from customers in relation to the sale of products and out-licensing agreements at the end of the year. The decrease in
             contract liabilities in 2021 was mainly due to the decrease in advances received from customers in relation to the sale of products at the end of
             the year.




26. Derivative financial instruments

                                                                                                                                  2021                    2020
                                                                                                                             Liabilities              Liabilities
                                                                                                                             RMB’000                  RMB’000


    Foreign currency swaps                                                                                                             —                 22,563


    The foreign currency swaps are not designated for hedge purposes and are measured at fair value through profit or
    loss. There were no changes in the fair value of non-hedging foreign currency swaps charged to the statement of profit
    or loss during the year (2020: RMB22,563,000).


                                                                            134
                                                               Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
             Notes to Financial Statements
                                  31 December 2021




27. Interest-bearing loans and borrowings

   31 December 2021

                                        Effective interest rate (%)   Maturity   RMB’000


   Current
   Bank loan — secured                                  LPR+0.14         2022      45,046
   Bank loan — secured                                  LPR+0.25         2022      70,093
   Bank loan — secured                                  LPR+0.15         2022     200,222
   Bank loan — secured                                  LPR+0.20         2022     200,225
   Bank loan — secured                                  LPR+0.20         2022     100,113
   Bank loan — secured                                      4.65         2022     250,116
   Bank loan — secured                                      4.65         2022      50,060
   Bank loan — secured                                  LPR+0.55         2022      95,333
   Bank loan — secured                                      4.35         2022      50,067
   Bank loan — secured                                      3.95         2022      91,252
   Bank loan — secured                                      3.95         2022     109,284
   Bank loan — secured                                      3.95         2022      40,300
   Bank loan — secured                                  LPR+0.25         2022     100,114
   Bank loan — secured                                      4.20         2022      73,715
   Bank loan — secured                                      4.20         2022      57,060
   Bank loan — secured                                      4.25         2022     150,177
   Bank loan — secured                                      4.25         2022     150,177
   Bank loan — secured                                      3.80         2022     125,132
   Bank loan — secured                                      3.80         2022     125,132
   Bank loan — secured                                      4.60         2022     175,224
   Bank loan — secured                                      4.60         2022      32,041
   Bank loan — secured                                      4.80         2022      49,000
   Bank loan — secured                                      4.10         2022     300,292
   Bank loan — secured                                      4.35         2022      80,169
   Bank loan — secured                                      4.00         2022      10,046
   Bank loan — secured                                      4.00         2022      20,092
   Bank loan — secured                                      4.00         2022      50,230
   Bank loan — secured                                      4.00         2022      80,368
   Bank loan — secured                                      4.30         2022      50,383
   Bank loan — secured                                      4.30         2022      50,259
   Bank loan — secured                                      1.70         2022      95,712
     US$15,012,042
   Bank loan — secured                                        1.30       2022     131,536
     EUR18,219,050
   Bank loan — secured                                        1.35       2022      72,230
     EUR10,004,521
   Bank loan — secured                                        1.35       2022      63,254
     EUR8,761,358
   Bank loan — secured                   3-month EURIBOR+0.60            2022     216,861
     EUR30,037,394
   Bank loan — secured                   3-month EURIBOR+0.60            2022      83,130
     EUR11,514,335
   Bank loan — secured                                        1.30       2022      97,771
     EUR13,542,263

                                        135
                                  Annual Report 2021
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                31 December 2021




27. Interest-bearing loans and borrowings (Continued)

    31 December 2021 (Continued)

                                                        Effective interest rate (%)   Maturity   RMB’000


    Current portion of long-term bank loans — secured
    Bank loan — secured                                                   4.90           2022      15,118
    Bank loan — secured                                                   4.90           2022      10,079
    Bank loan — secured                                                   4.60           2022       1,026
    Bank loan — secured                                                   4.60           2022      17,537
    Bank loan — secured                                                   4.35           2022       2,091
    Bank loan — secured                                                   4.35           2022       2,091
    Bank loan — secured                                                   4.13           2022      90,686
    Bank loan — secured                                        5-year LPR+0.05           2022      10,000
    Bank loan — secured                                     3-month LIBOR+2.85           2022      13,269
      US$2,081,038
    Bank loan — secured                                     3-month LIBOR+2.85           2022     105,862
      US$16,603,766
    Bank loan — secured                                     3-month LIBOR+2.85           2022     110,768
      US$17,373,495
    Bank loan — secured                                     3-month LIBOR+2.85           2022      20,346
      US$3,191,210
    Bank loan — secured                                  3-month EURIBOR+1.70            2022     101,744
      EUR14,092,522
    Discounted notes receivable                                               4.00       2022      78,027
                                                                              4.00       2022      96,311
                                                                              0.80       2022       1,335
                                                                              2.60       2022      49,119
                                                                              2.65       2022      48,877
                                                                              3.90       2022      87,407
                                                                              3.90       2022      97,064
                                                                              2.35       2022       1,945
                                                                              1.50       2022       2,393
                                                                              1.50       2022       1,362
                                                                              1.25       2022       1,047
                                                                              4.80       2022      48,546
                                                                              2.48       2022      29,847
                                                                              2.40       2022      78,491
                                                                              2.40       2022      19,623
                                                                              4.05       2022      48,543
                                                                              4.05       2022      48,515

    Discounted letters of credit                                              4.15       2022      49,852
                                                                              3.90       2022     199,572
                                                                              3.65       2022       9,762

    Lease liabilities (note 14(b))                                            3.98       2022      22,745


                                                                                                 5,263,216


                                                        136
                                              Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                  31 December 2021




27. Interest-bearing loans and borrowings (Continued)

    31 December 2021 (Continued)

                                                        Effective interest rate (%)     Maturity   RMB’000


    Non-current
    Bank loan — secured                                                   4.90             2025     110,000
    Bank loan — secured                                                   4.60             2026     342,583
    Bank loan — secured                                                   4.35             2023     144,000
    Bank loan — secured                                        5-year LPR+0.05             2026     240,000
    Bank loan — secured                                     3-month LIBOR+2.85             2025      76,585
      US$12,012,000
    Bank loan — secured                                     3-month LIBOR+2.85             2025     598,296
      US$93,840,000
    Bank loan — secured                                     3-month LIBOR+2.85             2025     625,193
      US$98,058,742
    Bank loan — secured                                     3-month LIBOR+2.85             2025     111,001
      US$17,410,023
    Bank loan — secured                                    3-month Euribor+1.70            2023      90,060
      EUR12,474,157

    Lease liabilities (note 14(b))                                            3.98         2029      19,205


                                                                                                   2,356,923


    Total interest-bearing loans and borrowings                                                    7,620,139


    Convertible bonds (note 28)                                               7.29    2022–2024    1,870,654


                                                                                                   9,490,793




                                                        137
                                                  Annual Report 2021
              Notes to Financial Statements
                                    31 December 2021




27. Interest-bearing loans and borrowings (Continued)

    31 December 2020

                                            Effective interest rate (%)   Maturity   RMB’000


    Current
    Bank loan — secured                                    LPR+0.08         2021      50,064
    Bank loan — secured                                    LPR+0.94         2021      70,093
    Bank loan — secured                                    LPR+0.08         2021     200,230
    Bank loan — secured                                        LPR          2021     100,124
    Bank loan — secured                                        LPR          2021     200,248
    Bank loan — secured                                    LPR+0.15         2021      95,116
    Bank loan — secured                                        4.57         2021     110,140
    Bank loan — secured                                        3.95         2021      52,105
    Bank loan — secured                                        3.95         2021      22,254
    Bank loan — secured                                        3.95         2021      17,154
    Bank loan — secured                                        3.95         2021      43,773
    Bank loan — secured                                        3.95         2021      80,693
    Bank loan — secured                                        3.95         2021      27,622
    Bank loan — secured                                        4.25         2021      56,312
    Bank loan — secured                                        4.00         2021     101,822
    Bank loan — secured                                        4.00         2021      71,167
    Bank loan — secured                                        4.00         2021      20,333
    Bank loan — secured                                        4.00         2021      30,500
    Bank loan — secured                                        4.00         2021      81,511
    Bank loan — secured                                        4.00         2021      71,299
    Bank loan — secured                                        4.05         2021     194,218
    Bank loan — secured                                        4.35         2021     150,181
    Bank loan — secured                                        4.60         2021      57,146
    Bank loan — secured                                        3.70         2021     125,128
    Bank loan — secured                                        3.70         2021     125,128
    Bank loan — secured                                        4.10         2021     175,199
    Bank loan — secured                                        4.50         2021      50,063
    Bank loan — secured                                        4.00         2021      81,449
    Bank loan — secured                                        4.13         2021     300,238
    Bank loan — secured                                        4.35         2021      80,113




                                          138
                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
              Notes to Financial Statements
                                    31 December 2021




27. Interest-bearing loans and borrowings (Continued)

    31 December 2020 (Continued)

                                            Effective interest rate (%)   Maturity   RMB’000


    Bank loan — secured                                           1.08      2021     163,635
      HK$194,423,387
    Bank loan — secured                                           2.85      2021      45,714
      US$7,006,085
    Bank loan — secured                                           2.35      2021      52,236
      US$8,005,707
    Bank loan — secured                        1-month LIBOR+1.10           2021     195,892
      US$30,022,255
    Bank loan — secured                                           1.70      2021     263,472
      US$40,379,432
    Bank loan — secured                                           1.70      2021      98,749
      US$15,134,234
    Bank loan — secured                        1-month LIBOR+0.80           2021     146,190
      US$22,404,985
    Bank loan — secured                                           1.20      2021      80,901
      EUR10,081,130
    Bank loan — secured                                           1.45      2021      80,289
      EUR10,004,815
    Bank loan — secured                                           1.45      2021      88,318
      EUR11,005,306
    Bank loan — secured                                           1.42      2021     201,036
      EUR25,051,198
    Bank loan — secured                        3-month LIBOR+0.85           2021     101,252
      EUR12,617,110
    Bank loan — secured                                           1.02      2021     165,763
      EUR20,000,000




                                          139
                                    Annual Report 2021
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                31 December 2021




27. Interest-bearing loans and borrowings (Continued)

    31 December 2020 (Continued)

                                                         Effective interest rate (%)   Maturity   RMB’000


    Current portion of long-term bank loans — secured
    Bank loan — secured                                                   4.90           2021        3,204
    Bank loan — secured                                                   4.90           2021       10,000
    Bank loan — secured                                                   4.90           2021          340
    Bank loan — secured                                                   4.13           2021       10,125
    Bank loan — secured                                     3-month LIBOR+2.85           2021        7,990
      US$1,224,488
    Bank loan — secured                                     3-month LIBOR+2.85           2021       81,282
      US$12,457,158
    Bank loan — secured                                     3-month LIBOR+2.85           2021       85,502
      US$13,103,880
    Bank loan — secured                                     3-month LIBOR+2.85           2021       15,717
      US$2,408,816
    Bank loan — secured                                  3-month EURIBOR+1.70            2021          654
      EUR81,492
    Discounted notes receivable                                                2.85      2021       98,108
                                                                               3.40      2021       39,772
                                                                               3.55      2021       29,652
                                                                               3.15      2021          922
                                                                               2.80      2021       29,859
                                                                               2.89      2021       49,500
                                                                               2.79      2021          964
                                                                               4.20      2021       48,454
                                                                               4.20      2021       48,484
                                                                               3.19      2021       38,892
                                                                               3.90      2021      146,588

    Discounted letters of credit                                               2.57      2021       19,863
                                                                               3.85      2021      199,284
                                                                               3.73      2021       99,816
                                                                               3.38      2021       40,000

    Lease liabilities (note 14(b))                                             3.93      2021       13,013


                                                                                                  5,642,855




                                                        140
                                              Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                  31 December 2021




27. Interest-bearing loans and borrowings (Continued)

    31 December 2020 (Continued)

                                                          Effective interest rate (%)     Maturity   RMB’000


    Non-current
    Bank loan — secured                                                    4.90             2025      135,000
    Bank loan — secured                                                    4.90             2026      250,000
    Bank loan — secured                                                    4.13             2022       90,000
    Bank loan — secured                                      3-month LIBOR+2.85             2025       95,133
      US$14,580,000
    Bank loan — secured                                      3-month LIBOR+2.85             2025      729,353
      US$111,780,000
    Bank loan — secured                                      3-month LIBOR+2.85             2025      759,669
      US$116,426,160
    Bank loan — secured                                      3-month LIBOR+2.85             2025      133,646
      US$20,482,380
    Bank loan — secured                                   3-month EURIBOR+1.70              2023      323,185
      EUR40,272,226

    Lease liabilities (note 14(b))                                              3.93        2028       11,729


                                                                                                     2,527,715


    Total interest-bearing loans and borrowings                                                      8,170,570


    Convertible bonds (note 28)                                                 7.29    2021–2024    1,810,930


                                                                                                     9,981,500




                                                        141
                                                  Annual Report 2021
                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                  31 December 2021




27. Interest-bearing loans and borrowings (Continued)

                                                                                                                         2021                   2020
                                                                                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000


    Analysed into:
      Bank loans and other borrowings repayable:
        Within one year or on demand                                                                                 5,263,216              5,642,855
        In the second year                                                                                             674,947                455,701
        In the third to fifth years, inclusive                                                                       3,551,951              3,792,268
        After five years                                                                                                   679                 90,676


                                                                                                                     9,490,793              9,981,500


    Notes:


    Certain of the Group’s bank loans are secured by:


    (i)      the pledge of certain of the Group’s time deposits of RMB727,784,000 (2020: RMB1,099,995,000) (note 23);


    (ii)     the pledge of certain of the Group’s intra-group notes receivable of RMB50,000,000 (2020: RMB10,000,000) (note 20);


    (iii)    the pledge of certain of the Group’s property, plant and equipment, which had a net carrying value at the end of the reporting period of
             approximately RMB557,809,000 (2020: RMB186,649,000) (note 13);


    (iv)     the pledge of certain of the Group’s right-of-use assets, which had a net carrying value at the end of the reporting period of approximately
             RMB5,386,000 (2020: Nil) (note 14); and


    (v)      the pledge of certain of the Group’s subsidiaries’ shares.




                                                                          142
                                                               Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                  31 December 2021




28. Convertible bonds

   On 9 July 2019, the Company issued 1.50 per cent convertible bonds with an aggregate principal amount of
   US$300,000,000. There was no movement in the number of these convertible bonds during the year. The bonds are
   convertible at the option of the bondholders into ordinary shares with the initial conversion price of HK$8.15 per share
   at any time on or after 19 August 2019 and up to the close of business on the date falling ten days prior to 9 July
   2024. The bonds are redeemable at the option of the bondholders at a 3.75 per cent gross yield upon early
   redemption. Any convertible bonds not converted will be redeemed on 9 July 2024 at 112.25 per cent of its principal
   amount together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon. The bonds carry interest at a rate of 1.50 per cent per
   annum, which is payable semi-annually in arrears on 9 January and 9 July. As at 31 December 2021, the conversion
   price was HK$7.90 per share after adjustment (2020: HK$7.90 per share) as a result of the declaration of the
   dividends.

   The fair value of the liability component was estimated at the issuance date using an equivalent market interest rate for
   a similar bond without a conversion option. The residual amount is assigned as the equity component and is included
   in shareholders’ equity.

   The movements in liability component of convertible bonds during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                                  RMB’000


   Liability component at 1 January 2020                                                                         1,833,173
   Interest expense                                                                                                132,905
   Interest paid                                                                                                    (31,043)
   Exchange realignment                                                                                           (124,105)


   Liability component at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                                                    1,810,930
   Interest expense                                                                                                131,367
   Interest paid                                                                                                    (29,032)
   Exchange realignment                                                                                             (42,611)


   Liability component at 31 December 2021 (note 27)                                                             1,870,654




                                                         143
                                                  Annual Report 2021
                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                 31 December 2021




29. Contingent consideration payables

    As part of the sale and purchase agreement in relation to the acquisition of Boan Biotech, portions of the consideration
    were determined to be contingent, based on the grant by the competent authority in China of the marketing
    authorisation for LY01008 and LY06006, respectively. LY01008 and LY06006 are two biosimilar products under
    research and development by Boan Biotech. The movement of the fair value of contingent consideration payables is as
    follows:

                                                                                                                              2021                    2020
                                                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000


    At beginning of year                                                                                                     638,556                      —
    Arising from acquisition of Boan Biotech                                                                                      —                  614,795
    Payment                                                                                                                 (361,683)                     —
    Fair value changes                                                                                                        57,505                  23,761


    At end of year                                                                                                           334,378                 638,556


    The fair values of the contingent consideration payables were determined using the discounted cash flow method and
    are within Level 3 fair value measurement. Significant unobservable valuation inputs for the fair value measurement of
    the contingent considerations are as follows:

                                                                                                                                 2021                    2020


    Discount rate                                                                                                               4.9%                     4.9%
    Discount for own non-performance risk                                                                                         5%                       5%

30. Other non-current liabilities

                                                                                                                              2021                    2020
                                                                                                        Notes              RMB’000                 RMB’000


    Payables for an asset purchase and license agreement                                                  (i)                 51,007                  52,199
    Consideration received for a collaboration arrangement                                                (ii)                48,131                      —


                                                                                                                              99,138                  52,199


    Notes:


    (i)      The balance represents the remaining long-term instalments for an asset purchase and license agreement.


    (ii)     Boan Biotech entered into an agreement with OcuMension Therapeutics (Zhejiang) Co., Ltd. (“OcuMension”), as amended by a supplemental
             agreement, pursuant to which Boan Biotech is responsible for conducting certain initial stages of the Phase 3 clinical trial, commercial production
             and registration permit of BA9101 and OcuMension is responsible for completing the rest of Phase 3 clinical trial and promote and commercialise
             BA9101 in China. A total consideration received for the collaboration arrangement of RMB48,131,000 was recorded as other non-current
             liabilities.



                                                                          144
                                                              Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                 31 December 2021




31. Government grants

                                                                                                2021               2020
                                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000


   At 1 January                                                                                230,850           150,547
   Grants received during the year                                                               51,839          115,174
   Amount released                                                                              (41,949)          (34,871)


   At 31 December                                                                              240,740           230,850


   Current                                                                                      31,353            45,193
   Non-current                                                                                 209,387           185,657


                                                                                               240,740           230,850


   The grants are related to the subsidies received from the government for the purpose of compensation for expenses
   arising from research and improvement of manufacturing facilities on certain special projects. Upon completion of the
   related projects and having passed the final assessment from the relevant government authorities, the grants related to
   the expense items would be recognised as other income directly in the statement of profit or loss and the grants
   related to an asset would be released to the statement of profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant
   asset.




                                                        145
                                                 Annual Report 2021
                    Notes to Financial Statements
                                                               31 December 2021




32. Deferred tax

   The movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year are as follows:

   Deferred tax assets
                                                                                             2021
                                                                                                               Unrealised
                                      Employee               Decelerated             Impairment                profit from
                                        defined              depreciation Impairment    of trade                     inter-                          Total
                                         benefit     Accrued      for tax         of   and other Government     company                       deferred tax
                                      obligation    expenses   purposes inventories receivables       grants transactions              Others       assets
                                       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000              RMB’000     RMB’000


   At 1 January 2021                        605       26,962        6,255         1,092             777      34,125        44,927          —       114,743

   Deferred tax credited/(charged)
     to the statement of profit or
     loss during the year (note 10)          —        27,202         (300)        3,258             (23)      1,013       (15,225)      3,220       19,145
   Deferred tax charged to other
     comprehensive income
     during the year                       (160)          —            —              —              —            —            —           —           (160)
   Exchange realignment                      —            —          (622)            —              —            —            —           —           (622)


   At 31 December 2021                      445       54,164        5,333         4,350             754      35,138        29,702       3,220      133,106


                                                                                             2020
                                                                                                                      Unrealised
                                      Employee               Decelerated                    Impairment                profit from
                                        defined              depreciation    Impairment        of trade                     inter-                     Total
                                         benefit     Accrued      for tax              of     and other Government     company                  deferred tax
                                      obligation    expenses   purposes       inventories   receivables      grants transactions       Others         assets
                                      RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


   At 1 January 2020                        616       18,599        7,252         1,395          1,266       20,907        43,824          —        93,859

   Deferred tax credited/(charged)
     to the statement of profit or
     loss during the year (note 10)          —         8,363       (1,072)          (303)         (489)      13,218         1,103          —        20,820
   Deferred tax charged to other
     comprehensive income
     during the year                         (11)         —           —               —              —            —            —           —            (11)
   Exchange realignment                       —           —           75              —              —            —            —           —             75


   At 31 December 2020                      605       26,962        6,255         1,092             777      34,125        44,927          —       114,743




                                                                       146
                                                            Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                    31 December 2021




32. Deferred tax (Continued)

    Deferred tax liabilities
                                                                                     2021
                                                                                                Fair value
                                                                                             adjustments
                                                                                              arising from
                                                                           Accelerated            financial
                                                        Fair value         depreciation      assets at fair
                                                    adjustment on     and amortisation      value through      Total deferred
                                                       acquisition    for tax purposes       profit or loss     tax liabilities
                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000


    At 1 January 2021                                      55,189               13,464               5,667              74,320
    Deferred tax credited to the statement
      of profit or loss during the year (note 10)         (11,557)                 (676)            (2,565)            (14,798)
    Exchange realignment                                       —                 (1,648)                —                (1,648)


    At 31 December 2021                                    43,632               11,140               3,102              57,874


                                                                                     2020
                                                                                                  Fair value
                                                                                              adjustments
                                                                                               arising from
                                                                            Accelerated            financial
                                                         Fair value         depreciation      assets at fair
                                                    adjustment on      and amortisation      value through      Total deferred
                                                        acquisition    for tax purposes       profit or loss      tax liabilities
                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000


    At 1 January 2020                                      62,015               11,742               4,015              77,772
    Deferred tax charged/(credited) to
      the statement of profit or loss
      during the year (note 10)                             (6,826)               1,408              1,652               (3,766)
    Exchange realignment                                        —                   314                 —                   314


    At 31 December 2020                                    55,189               13,464               5,667              74,320




                                                          147
                                                    Annual Report 2021
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                    31 December 2021




32. Deferred tax (Continued)

    The Group has tax losses arising in Singapore, Hong Kong and Germany of RMB59,732,000 (2020: RMB73,868,000)
    that are available indefinitely for offsetting against future taxable profits.

    The Group has tax losses arising in Switzerland of RMB132,038,000 (2020: RMB124,386,000) that are available for
    offsetting against future taxable profits in seven years.

    The Group has tax losses arising in the USA of RMB229,135,000 (2020: RMB180,374,000) that are available for
    offsetting against future taxable profits in twenty years.

    The Group has tax losses arising in Mainland China of RMB1,957,598,000 (2020: RMB1,373,939,000) that will expire
    in one to five years for offsetting against future taxable profits.

    Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of these losses as they have arisen in subsidiaries that have
    been loss-making for some time as it is not considered probable that taxable profits will be available against which the
    tax losses can be utilised.

    Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends declared to foreign
    investors from the foreign investment enterprises established in Mainland China. The requirement is effective from 1
    January 2008 and applies to earnings after 31 December 2007. A lower withholding tax rate may be applied if there is
    a tax treaty between Mainland China and the jurisdiction of the foreign investors. For the Group, the applicable rate is 5%.
    The Group is therefore liable for withholding taxes on dividends distributed by those subsidiaries established in
    Mainland China in respect of earnings generated from 1 January 2008. At 31 December 2021, no deferred tax has
    been recognised for withholding taxes that would be payable on unremitted earnings that are subject to withholding
    taxes of the Group’s subsidiaries established in Mainland China (2020: Nil). In the opinion of the directors, these
    subsidiaries’ fund will be retained in Mainland China for the expansion of these subsidiaries’ operation, so it is not
    probable that these subsidiaries will distribute such earnings in the foreseeable future. The aggregate amount of
    temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries in Mainland China for which deferred tax liabilities
    have not been recognised totalled approximately RMB4,773,372,000 as at 31 December 2021 (2020:
    RMB4,194,534,000).

    There are no income tax consequences attaching to the payment of dividends by the Company to its shareholders.




                                                           148
                                                  Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                           31 December 2021




33. Issued capital and treasury shares

                                                                                                                       2021                  2020


   Authorised:
   10,000,000,000 (2020: 10,000,000,000)
     ordinary shares of US$0.02 each
     US$’000                                                                                                       200,000               200,000


   Issued and fully paid:
   3,541,372,224 (2020: 3,248,965,343)
     ordinary shares of US$0.02 each
     US$’000                                                                                                        70,827                64,979
     Equivalent to RMB’000                                                                                         455,835               417,991


   A summary of movements in the Company’s issued capital and treasury shares is as follows:

                                                                                  Number of
                                                                              shares in issue           Issued capital         Treasury shares
                                                                                                             RMB’000                 RMB’000


   At 1 January 2020                                                           3,268,965,343                    420,565                  (279,558)
   Shares cancelled                                                               (20,000,000)                    (2,574)                   77,962
   Shares repurchased                                                                      —                          —                    (77,962)


   At 31 December 2020 and
     1 January 2021                                                            3,248,965,343                    417,991                  (279,558)
   Shares issued (note)                                                          292,406,881                     37,844                        —


   At 31 December 2021                                                         3,541,372,224                    455,835                  (279,558)


   Note: On 2 February 2021, the Company issued 292,406,881 shares to Hillhouse NEV Holdings Limited at the subscription price of HK$4.28 per share.
          The proceeds of HK$45,345,000 (equivalent to RMB37,844,000), representing the par value, were credited to the Company’s share capital. The
          remaining proceeds of HK$1,206,156,000 (equivalent to RMB1,006,633,000) were credited to the share premium account.




34. Reserves

   Statutory surplus reserve
   In accordance with the Company Law of the PRC, certain subsidiaries of the Group which are domestic enterprises
   are required to allocate 10% of their profit after tax, as determined in accordance with the relevant PRC accounting
   standards, to their respective statutory surplus reserves until the reserves reach 50% of their respective registered
   capital. Subject to certain restrictions set out in the Company Law of the PRC, part of the statutory surplus reserves
   may be converted to increase share capital, provided that the remaining balance after the capitalisation is not less than
   25% of the registered capital.

                                                                    149
                                                           Annual Report 2021
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                    31 December 2021




34. Reserves (Continued)

    Safety production reserve
    The Group has appropriated a certain amount of accumulated losses to the safety production reserve fund for safety
    production expense purposes as required by directives issued by the relevant PRC government authorities. The Group
    charged the safety production expense to profit or loss when such expense was incurred, and at the same time an
    equal amount of special reserve fund was utilised and transferred back to accumulated losses.



35. Partly-owned subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests

    Details of the Group’s subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests are set out below:

                                                                                                      2021       2020


    Percentage of equity interest held by non-controlling interests:

    WPU                                                                                            30.45%      30.45%
    Boan Biotech                                                                                   27.68%      11.67%


                                                                                                    2021         2020
                                                                                                 RMB’000      RMB’000


    Profit/(loss) for the year allocated to non-controlling interests:

    WPU                                                                                             44,905      11,736
    Boan Biotech                                                                                   (55,231)    (12,779)


    Dividends declared to non-controlling interests:

    WPU                                                                                              5,500      5,000


    Accumulated balances of non-controlling interests at the reporting date:

    WPU                                                                                            194,275    154,055
    Boan Biotech                                                                                   432,153     54,312


    Share award scheme reserve attributable to non-controlling interests:

    WPU                                                                                                815      1,332
    Boan Biotech                                                                                     5,570         —




                                                           150
                                                 Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                    31 December 2021




35. Partly-owned subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests (Continued)

    The following tables illustrate the summarised financial information of the above subsidiaries. The amounts disclosed
    are before any inter-company eliminations:

                                                                                               WPU         Boan Biotech
    2021                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000


    Revenue                                                                                    849,425           158,704
    Total expenses                                                                            (713,890)         (384,121)
    Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                 135,535          (225,417)
    Total comprehensive income for the year                                                    135,535          (225,417)


    Current assets                                                                             753,566          939,850
    Non-current assets                                                                         316,388        1,166,754
    Current liabilities                                                                       (380,548)        (260,482)
    Non-current liabilities                                                                     (22,641)       (294,435)


    Net cash flows from/(used in) operating activities                                          43,095         (246,278)
    Net cash flows used in investing activities                                                (20,478)        (432,296)
    Net cash flows (used in)/from financing activities                                         (26,709)       1,211,729
    Net foreign exchange differences                                                              (235)           (5,081)


    Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                        (4,327)         528,074


                                                                                                WPU        Boan Biotech
    2020                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000


    Revenue                                                                                    533,890                —
    Total expenses                                                                            (470,752)         (248,817)
    Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                  63,138          (248,817)
    Total comprehensive income for the year                                                     63,138          (248,817)


    Current assets                                                                             545,036            98,670
    Non-current assets                                                                         325,408           779,811
    Current liabilities                                                                       (295,390)         (410,285)
    Non-current liabilities                                                                     (28,436)           (2,800)


    Net cash flows used in operating activities                                               (120,491)         (250,856)
    Net cash flows from/(used in) investing activities                                         134,019            (50,247)
    Net cash flows (used in)/from financing activities                                          (10,000)         301,115
    Net foreign exchange differences                                                               (399)               —


    Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                    3,129                12


    As at 31 December 2021, the unrealised profit from the inter-company transaction between WPU and Luye Trading
    was RMB28,753,000 (2020: RMB40,688,000).


                                                           151
                                                    Annual Report 2021
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                   31 December 2021




36. Redemption liabilities on non-controlling interests

    In January 2021, Boan Biotech, a subsidiary of Shandong Luye, completed financing from eighteen third-party
    investors (“Round A Investors”) at a total consideration of RMB876,618,000. In August 2021, Boan Biotech completed
    financing from five third-party investors (“Round B Investors”) at a total consideration of RMB210,915,000. Significant
    terms of the subscription agreements that will impact the accounting treatment of the Group are outlined below:

    Redemption rights held by non-controlling shareholders:
    Pursuant to the subscription agreements signed by and among Investors, the Company, and Shandong Luye, shares
    of the Investors shall be redeemable by Shandong Luye upon the occurrence of certain contingent events which
    cannot be controlled by Boan Biotech, Shandong Luye and the Company, including: (i) a qualified public offering of
    Boan Biotech cannot be completed by 31 December 2024; (ii) a qualified public offering of Boan Biotech cannot be
    achieved due to material integrity issue of existing shareholders, directors or senior management, or due to material
    internal control weaknesses resulted from existing shareholders or management; (iii) a qualified public offering of Boan
    Biotech cannot be achieved due to the auditor does not give an unqualified opinion; or (iv) the Group does not receive
    approval in connection with the application of proposed spin-off listing of Boan Biotech from the Stock Exchange.

    The redemption price shall be determined by investors based on 1) the amount that would give investors a ten percent
    for Round A Investors and a eight percent for Round B Investors as internal return rate for their investments in Boan
    Biotech plus all accrued but unpaid dividends; or 2) the then fair value of shares held by the investors, and in any case
    the redemption price shall be not greater than three times for Round A Investors and two times for Round B Investors
    of the respective investor’s total contribution amount. The put option granted to non-controlling shareholders give rise
    to financial liabilities.

                                                                                                               Redemption
                                                                                                                  liabilities
                                                                                                                 RMB’000


    At 1 January 2021                                                                                                    —
    Recognition                                                                                                   1,135,368
    Changes in fair value                                                                                            67,450


    At 31 December 2021                                                                                           1,202,818


    The fair values of the redemption liabilities were determined using discounted cash flow method and are within Level 3
    fair value measurement as further explained in note 44.



37. Provision

    In September 2019, Luye Pharma Hong Kong Limited (“Luye Hong Kong”), a subsidiary of the Group was involved in
    an arbitration brought by the former distributor of Seroquel in Mainland China disputing the subsidiary’s basis of
    terminating the distribution agreement with such distributor. The directors of the Company, based on information
    available to the Group and taking into account the advice from the Group’s legal counsel in relation to the arbitration
    proceedings, believe that the subsidiary has a valid defence against the allegation and, accordingly, had not provided
    for any claim arising from the litigation, other than the related legal and other costs for the years ended 31 December
    2019 and 2020.

                                                          152
                                                Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                     31 December 2021




37. Provision (Continued)

    On 21 October 2021, Luye Hong Kong received the arbitral award from the Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre
    in relation to the arbitration brought by the former distributor of Seroquel in Mainland China. The tribunal sustained part
    of the claim brought by such distributor and held that Luye Hong Kong shall make payment in the amount of
    approximately RMB239,400,000.

    On 14 December 2021, Luye Hong Kong has submitted the application for revoking the arbitral award to the Hong
    Kong High Court. On 31 December 2021, the tribunal made final verdict on the amount of claim as approximately
    RMB273,482,000, which also included such distributor’s arbitration fees and interests related. Accordingly, a provision
    for the claimed amount has been made in these financial statements during the year.



38. Commitments

    The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                    2021                2020
                                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000


    Contracted, but not provided for:
     Buildings                                                                                     335,382            358,945
     Plant and machinery                                                                           590,832            321,089
     Other intangible assets                                                                        51,006             52,199


                                                                                                   977,220            732,233



39. Related party transactions

    Details of the Group’s principal related parties are as follows:

    Company                                                               Relationship


    Steward Cross Pte. Ltd. (“Steward Cross”)                             An associate

    Yantai Painuo Biotech Co., Ltd. (“Yantai Painuo”)                     An entity controlled by the controlling shareholder

    Luye Boston Research & Development LLC (“Luye Boston”)                An entity controlled by the controlling shareholder

    Shandong International Biotech Park Development Co., Ltd.             An entity controlled by the controlling shareholder
      (“Biotech Park Development”)

    Luye Investment Group Co., Ltd. (“LIG”)                               An entity controlled by the controlling shareholder

    Yantai Yunyue Winery Management Co., Ltd. (“Yunyue Winery”)           An entity controlled by the controlling shareholder

    Luye Life Sciences Group Japan Co., Ltd. (“Luye Japan”)               An entity controlled by the controlling shareholder

                                                            153
                                                     Annual Report 2021
                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                              31 December 2021




39. Related party transactions (Continued)

    (a)   The Group had the following transactions with related parties during the year:
                                                                                                                       2021                    2020
                                                                                                  Notes             RMB’000                 RMB’000


          Sales of goods to a related party:
            Steward Cross                                                                            (i)                  6,110                 5,953

          Success fee to a related party:
            Luye Japan                                                                               (ii)                     —                 2,070

          Interest income from a related party:
             LIG                                                                                    (iii)                     —                 1,235

          Receipts of repayments from a related party:
            LIG                                                                                     (iii)                     —              112,185

          Accommodation services from a related party:
            Yunyue Winery                                                                           (iv)                    370                         —

          Provision of manufacturing service to a related party:
            Yantai Painuo                                                                           (iv)                  5,511                         —

          Lease and property management services to a related party:
            Yantai Painuo                                                                           (iv)                  1,592                         —

          Sales of materials to a related party:
            Yantai Painuo                                                                           (iv)                    294                         —

          Payment on behalf by:
            Biotech Park Development                                                                (v)                   1,908                         —
            Luye Boston                                                                             (v)                   2,431                         —

          Repayment to:
            Biotech Park Development                                                                (v)                   2,358                         —
            Luye Boston                                                                             (v)                   2,400                         —


          Notes:


          (i)      The sales to Steward Cross were made according to the published prices and conditions offered to the major customers of the Group.


          (ii)     The service fee was charged with reference to prices mutually agreed between the parties for the services rendered for a business
                   introduction in Japan, including market research, regulatory consultation, financial advices and conducting regular meetings for
                   development projects.


          (iii)    The loans bear interest of 4.35% to 6.18% per annum.


          (iv)     The transaction fees were determined on normal commercial terms and negotiated on arm’s length basis, on similar basis as the Group
                   conducted businesses with other independent third parties.


          (v)      The payments and advances were unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.




                                                                       154
                                                           Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                            31 December 2021




39. Related party transactions (Continued)

    (b) The Group had the following transactions with related parties during the year:
          As at 31 December 2020, LIG, Biotech Park Development and Boan Biotech entered into a debt waiver
          agreement, pursuant to which LIG transfered its debt to Biotech Park Development, and Biotech Park
          Development waived the remaining right of credit amounting to approximately RMB1,645,000 to Boan Biotech,
          and the amount credited to Boan Biotech’s other reserves.

    (c)   Outstanding balances with related parties:
                                                                                                      2021                2020
                                                                                    Notes          RMB’000             RMB’000


          Other receivables

          Yantai Painuo                                                               (i)               5,522                  —


          Other payables

          Biotech Park Development                                                    (ii)                222              2,196
          Luye Boston                                                                 (ii)                 31                 —

                                                                                                          253              2,196


          Lease liabilities

          Biotech Park Development                                                                      5,620                  —
          Luye Boston                                                                                   3,536                  —

                                                                                                        9,156                  —


          Notes:


          (i)      The balance was trade in nature.


          (ii)     The balances were non-trade in nature.


    (d) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:
                                                                                                      2021                2020
                                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000


          Short-term employee benefits                                                                32,546              27,535
          Pension scheme contributions                                                                   875                 649
          Equity-settled share award expense                                                          15,281               7,387

          Total compensation paid to key management personnel                                         48,702              35,571


          Further details of directors’ and the chief executive’s remuneration are included in note 8 to the financial statements.


                                                                  155
                                                            Annual Report 2021
               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                  31 December 2021




40. Share award schemes

   Share award scheme
   The Company adopted a share award scheme on 10 January 2017 (the “Scheme”). The purpose of the Scheme is to
   recognise contributions by certain employees, including any executive director of any member of the Group except for
   the current executive directors and, to provide them with incentives in order to retain them for the continuing operation
   and development of the Group and to attract suitable personnel for the further development of the Group.

   Subject to any early termination, which may be determined by the board of directors in accordance with the rules of
   the Scheme, the Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of ten years commencing on the 10 January 2017 (the
   “Adoption Date”).

   The Scheme shall be administered by the board of directors and Bank of Communications Trustee Limited (the “Trustee”)
   in accordance with the rules of the Scheme and the trust deed in respect of the Scheme to be entered into between
   the Company and the Trustee (the “Trust Deed”). The decision of the board of directors with respect to any matter
   arising under the Scheme (including the interpretation of any provision) shall be final and binding. The Trustee will hold
   the Company’s shares in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed. The Trustee may not exercise the voting rights
   in respect of any shares held under the Trust.

   The board of directors may from time to time cause to be paid an amount to the Trustee by way of settlement or
   otherwise contributed by the Company or other member of the Group as directed by the board of directors. The
   committee appointed and authorised by the board of directors to administer the Scheme, which shall consist of three
   members of the senior management of the Company to be appointed by the board of directors, may from time to time
   instruct the Trustee in writing to purchase shares on the Stock Exchange specifying the timing of purchase, the
   maximum amount of funds to be used and the range of prices within which such shares are to be purchased.

   The board of directors may from time to time select any employee (excluding any employee who is resident in a place
   where the award of, in respect of a selected employee, such number of shares awarded by the Board (the “Awarded
   Shares”) and/or the vesting and transfer of the Awarded Shares pursuant to the terms of the Scheme are/is not
   permitted under the laws or regulations of such place or where in the view of the board of directors or the Trustee of
   the Scheme, compliance with applicable laws or regulations in such place making it necessary or expedient to exclude
   such employee) for participation in the Scheme as a selected employee and grant such selected employee Awarded
   Shares in such number at a stated price at which an Awarded Share is granted to a selected employee (the “Grant
   Price”) and on and subject to such terms and conditions determined at the discretion of the board of directors.

   The board of directors is entitled to impose any conditions as it deems appropriate in its discretion with respect to the
   vesting of the Awarded Shares on the selected employee. Upon the vesting of the Awarded Shares, the selected
   employee may elect to have the Awarded Shares transferred to him or effect the sale of the Awarded Shares and
   receive the net proceeds from such sale. In either case, the selected employee shall pay the Company the Grant Price
   for the Awarded Shares.




                                                         156
                                                Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                   31 December 2021




40. Share award schemes (Continued)

   Share award scheme (Continued)
   A selected employee will not have any interest or rights (including the right to vote at general meetings of the Company
   or the right to receive dividends) in the Awarded Shares prior to, in respect of a selected employee, the date on which
   his entitlement to the Awarded Shares is vested pursuant to the terms of the Scheme (the “Vesting Date”). Prior to the
   Vesting Date, any award of Awarded Shares is personal to the selected employee to whom it is made and is not
   assignable and no selected employee may in any way sell, transfer, charge, mortgage, encumber or create any interest
   in favour of any other person over or in relation to the Awarded Shares referable to him pursuant to such award. In the
   event that a selected employee has ceased to be an employee, the relevant award made to such selected employee
   will automatically lapse and the relevant Awarded Shares will remain part of the funds under the Trust.

   The Scheme will terminate on the earlier of (i) the 10th anniversary date of the Adoption Date; and (ii) such date of early
   termination as determined by the board of directors, provided that such termination shall not materially and adversely
   affect any subsisting rights of any selected employee.

   The fair value of services received in return for shares granted is measured by reference to the fair value of shares
   granted. The fair value of the shares granted is measured based on the general accepted valuation procedures and
   practices that rely substantially on the use of numerous assumptions and the consideration of many uncertainties.

   Pursuant to share award notices issued on 15 May 2017 to those selected employees, an aggregate of 17,724,000
   shares (the “2017 Awarded Shares”) of the Company of US$0.02 each were granted at the consideration of HK$4 for
   each share and the earliest vesting date of the 2017 Awarded Shares is 15 May 2020. There is no other performance
   target required except that the eligible participant remains as an employee of the Group during the vesting period and
   meets the expectation of the Company on daily performance.

   Pursuant to share award notices issued on 15 May 2018 to those selected employees, an aggregate of 20,098,000
   shares (the “2018 Awarded Shares”) of the Company of US$0.02 each were granted at the consideration of HK$4 for
   each share and the earliest vesting date of the 2018 Awarded Shares is 15 May 2021. There is no other performance
   target required except that the eligible participant remains as an employee of the Group during the vesting period and
   meets the expectation of the Company on daily performance.

   Pursuant to share award notices issued on 15 May 2019 to those selected employees, an aggregate of 25,206,000
   shares (the “2019 Awarded Shares”) of the Company of US$0.02 each were granted at the consideration of HK$4 for
   each share and the earliest vesting date of the 2019 Awarded Shares is 15 May 2022. There is no other performance
   target required except that the eligible participant remains as an employee of the Group during the vesting period and
   meets the expectation of the Company on daily performance.




                                                          157
                                                   Annual Report 2021
               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                  31 December 2021




40. Share award schemes (Continued)

   Share award scheme (Continued)
   The following awarded shares were outstanding under the Scheme during the year:

                                                                                              Number of          Number of
                                                                                         shares held for          awarded
                                                                                            the Scheme              shares


   At 1 January 2021                                                                           7,019,500         58,479,000
   Forfeited                                                                                   1,941,000         (1,941,000)


   At 31 December 2021                                                                         8,960,500         56,538,000


   Exercisable as at 31 December 2021                                                                  —         34,555,000


                                                                                              Number of           Number of
                                                                                          shares held for          awarded
                                                                                            the Scheme               shares


   At 1 January 2020                                                                           2,470,500         63,028,000
   Forfeited                                                                                   4,549,000          (4,549,000)


   At 31 December 2020                                                                         7,019,500         58,479,000


   Exercisable as at 31 December 2020                                                                  —         16,474,000


   The Group recognised a share award expense of RMB28,701,000 during the year ended 31 December 2021 (2020:
   RMB50,904,000). Out of the share award expense, an amount of RMB103,000 was included in the directors’
   remuneration (2020: RMB348,000).

   Share-based payment scheme of Boan Biotech
   In December 2020, the board of directors of Boan Biotech passed a resolution to grant equity interests of Boan
   Biotech to the eligible employees (including directors) in order to provide incentives and rewards to participants for the
   business development of Boan Boitech. Subsequently, Yantai Bolian Investment Centre Limited Partnership (“Yantai
   Bolian”), Yantai Bosheng Investment Centre Limited Partnership (“Yantai Bosheng”) and Yantai Bofa Investment Centre
   Limited Partnership (“Yantai Bofa”), three employee incentive platforms established in the PRC, subscribed paid-in
   capital of RMB21,380,000, RMB14,930,000 and RMB11,250,000 of Boan Biotech for total considerations of
   RMB64,140,000, RMB44,790,000 and RMB33,750,000, respectively.




                                                         158
                                                Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                   31 December 2021




40. Share award schemes (Continued)

   Share-based payment scheme of Boan Biotech (Continued)
   On 27 January 2021, 4.4247% of the then equity interest in Boan Biotech was granted to 36 selected directors and
   employees of Boan Biotech for a consideration of RMB64,140,000 through Yantai Bolian. 3.0898% of the then equity
   interest in Boan Biotech was granted to 45 selected directors and employees of Boan Biotech for a consideration of
   RMB44,790,000 through Yantai Bosheng. 2.3282% of the then equity interest in Boan Biotech was granted to 47
   selected directors and employees of Boan Biotech for a consideration of RMB33,750,000 through Yantai Bofa.

   Pursuant to the partnership agreements of Yantai Bolian, Yantai Bosheng and Yantai Bofa (collectively referred to as
   the “ESOP Entity”), (i) the ESOP Entity shall not dispose of any of the shares it held within 36 months immediately
   following the date of the Company’s listing (the “ESOP Lock-up Period”); (ii) a partner is entitled to direct the ESOP
   Entity to dispose of his/her share of the shares held by the ESOP Entity (based on his/her shareholding percentage in
   the ESOP Entity) (the “ESOP Shares”) in the proportion and on the respective dates as (a) 25% of his/her ESOP Shares
   upon the expiry of 12 months following the day after the ESOP Lock-up Period; (b) 50% of his/her ESOP Shares upon
   the expiry of 24 months following the day after the ESOP Lock-up Period; (c) 75% of his/her ESOP Shares upon the
   expiry of 36 months following the day after the ESOP Lock-up Period; and (d) 100% of his/her ESOP Shares upon the
   expiry of 48 months following the day after the ESOP Lock-up Period. If the partner cease to be qualified as a partner
   during the vesting period, the general partner shall have the right to purchase or appoint other eligible employees to
   purchase his/her share at cost or cost plus market interest. In August 2021, the lock-up period was updated as 12
   months immediately following the date of the Boan Biotech’s qualified listing pursuant to the updated partnership
   agreements.

   The fair value of services received in return for equity interests granted is measured by reference to the fair value of the
   equity interests granted less the consideration received by Boan Biotech.

   The fair value of the equity interests granted is determined by the back-solve method and equity value allocation based
   on the option pricing model at the grant date. The following table lists the inputs to the model used:

                                                                                                                         2021


   Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                                          2.9%
   Volatility (%)                                                                                                      42.0%


   The Group recognised a share-based payment expense of RMB21,275,000 during the year ended 31 December 2021
   (2020: Nil).




                                                          159
                                                   Annual Report 2021
               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                  31 December 2021




41. Pension plan

   The Group has a defined benefit pension plan in Switzerland. The pension plan grants disability and death benefits
   which are defined as projected savings capital without interest but including future savings contribution. This projected
   savings capital is converted in disability or death benefits. In the event that an employee leaves his employment with
   the Group prior to reaching a pensionable age, the cumulative balance of the savings account is withdrawn from the
   pension plan and invested into the pension plan of the employee’s new employer. The assets of the funded plan are
   held independently of those of the Group, being managed through a central trust fund.

   The most recent actuarial valuations of the plan assets and the present value of the defined benefit obligations were
   carried out on 31 December 2021 by Prevanto AG, an accredited pension actuary in Switzerland, using the projected
   unit credit actuarial valuation method.

   The movements in the defined benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets during the year are as follows:

                                                                      Defined benefit      Fair value of            Benefit
                                                                           obligation       plan assets             liability
                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000


   At 1 January 2021                                                          (20,477)            12,397              (8,080)

   Pension cost charged to profit or loss
   Service cost                                                                 (1,489)                —              (1,489)
   Net interest expense                                                            (28)               (35)               (63)


                                                                                (1,517)               (35)            (1,552)


   Remeasurement gains/(losses) in other
     comprehensive income
   Return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in
     net interest expense)                                                          —                 77                  77
   Actuarial changes arising from plan experience                               (1,410)               —               (1,410)
   Actuarial changes arising from demographic assumptions                        1,402                —                1,402
   Actuarial changes arising from financial assumptions                            719                —                  719


                                                                                  711                 77                 788


   Contributions by employer                                                        —              1,593               1,593
   Contributions by employee                                                    (1,005)            1,005                  —
   Benefits paid                                                                    63                (63)                —
   Exchange differences                                                          1,261              (803)                458


   At 31 December 2021                                                        (20,964)            14,171              (6,793)




                                                         160
                                               Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                   31 December 2021




41. Pension plan (Continued)

    The movements in the defined benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets during the year are as follows: (Continued)

                                                                        Defined benefit       Fair value of          Benefit
                                                                             obligation        plan assets           liability
                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000


    At 1 January 2020                                                          (18,125)            10,245             (7,880)

    Pension cost charged to profit or loss
    Service cost                                                                 (2,455)                —             (2,455)
    Net interest expense                                                             (52)              (22)               (74)


                                                                                 (2,507)               (22)           (2,529)


    Remeasurement gains/(losses) in other
      comprehensive income
    Return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in
      net interest expense)                                                         —                   67                67
    Actuarial changes arising from plan experience                               1,673                  —              1,673
    Actuarial changes arising from financial assumptions                          (370)                 —               (370)


                                                                                 1,303                  67             1,370


    Contributions by employer                                                        —              1,206              1,206
    Contributions by employee                                                      (821)              821                 —
    Benefits paid                                                                   229              (229)                —
    Exchange differences                                                           (556)              309               (247)


    At 31 December 2020                                                        (20,477)            12,397             (8,080)


    The fair value of plan assets is as follows:

                                                                                                   2021               2020
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


    Savings capital                                                                                14,171            12,397




                                                           161
                                                   Annual Report 2021
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                   31 December 2021




41. Pension plan (Continued)

    The principal assumptions used in determining benefit obligations for the Group’s plan are shown below:

                                                                                                     2021               2020


    Discount rate                                                                                   0.35%              0.15%
    Salary increase                                                                                 1.50%              1.50%
    Pension increase                                                                                0.00%              0.00%


    A quantitative sensitivity analysis for significant assumptions as at 31 December is shown below:

                                                                                              Impact on defined benefit
                                                                                                     obligation
                                                                                                    2021            2020
                                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000


    Discount rate:
      0.25% increase                                                                                  (844)              (903)
      0.25% decrease                                                                                   907                977
    Salary increase:
      0.25% increase                                                                                   133                141
      0.25% decrease                                                                                  (133)              (133)
    Pension increase:
      0.25% increase                                                                                    474               525
      0.25% decrease                                                                                     —                 —


    The above sensitivity analysis is based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. In
    practice, this is unlikely to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated. When calculating the
    sensitivity of the defined benefit obligations to significant actuarial assumptions, the same method (present value of the
    defined benefit obligation calculated with the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period) has been
    used for calculating the defined benefit obligations recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position.




                                                          162
                                                 Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                    31 December 2021




41. Pension plan (Continued)

    The following payments are expected contributions to the defined benefit plan in future years:

                                                                                                  2021             2020
                                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000


    Less than 1 year                                                                                     —            —
    Between 1 and 5 years                                                                                —            —
    Over 5 years                                                                                      6,793        8,080


                                                                                                      6,793        8,080



42. Notes to the consolidated statement of cash flows

    (a)   Major non-cash transactions
          During the year, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of RMB39,161,000
          (2020: RMB14,395,000) and RMB39,161,000 (2020 RMB14,395,000), respectively, in respect of lease
          arrangements for buildings, plant and machinery and motor vehicles.

    (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
          2021

                                                                            Bank and              Lease       Convertible
                                                                          other loans          liabilities        bonds
                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000


          At 1 January 2021                                                 8,145,828             24,742       1,810,930
          Changes from financing cash flows                                  (381,645)           (24,676)              —
          New leases                                                               —              39,161               —
          Foreign exchange movement                                          (185,994)             2,723          (42,611)
          Interest expense                                                         —               1,678         131,367
          Interest paid classified as operating cash flows                         —              (1,678)         (29,032)


          At 31 December 2021                                               7,578,189                41,950    1,870,654




                                                             163
                                                   Annual Report 2021
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                   31 December 2021




42. Notes to the consolidated statement of cash flows (Continued)

    (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)
          2020

                                                                              Bank and               Lease       Convertible
                                                                             other loans          liabilities        bonds
                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000


          At 1 January 2020                                                  6,689,660                28,957     1,833,173
          Changes from financing cash flows                                  1,456,168               (16,124)            —
          New leases                                                                —                 14,395             —
          Foreign exchange movement                                                 —                    (811)    (124,105)
          Interest expense                                                          —                   1,457      132,905
          Interest paid classified as operating cash flows                          —                  (1,457)      (31,043)
          Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors                            —                  (1,675)           —


          At 31 December 2020                                                8,145,828               24,742      1,810,930


    (c)   Total cash outflow for leases
          The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:

                                                                                                    2021             2020
                                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000


          Within operating activities                                                                (16,609)       (11,115)
          Within investing activities                                                                     —         (95,045)
          Within financing activities                                                                (24,676)       (16,124)


                                                                                                     (41,285)      (122,284)




                                                             164
                                                 Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                  31 December 2021




43. Financial instruments by category

   The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as
   follows:

   2021

   Financial assets
                                                                               Financial assets
                                                                                    at fair value
                                                     Financial assets             through other
                                                   at fair value through        comprehensive
                                                       profit or loss                    income
                                                 Designated                                          Financial
                                                    as such     Mandatorily                          assets at
                                                 upon initial   designated               Equity     amortised
                                                 recognition       as such         investments           cost       Total
                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000             RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


   Equity investments designated at fair value
      through other comprehensive income                  —                —             95,273            —         95,273
   Notes receivable                                       —                —            250,315            —        250,315
   Trade receivables                                      —                —                 —      1,514,781     1,514,781
   Financial assets included in prepayments,
      other receivables and other assets                  —                —                  —       622,610      622,610
   Financial assets at fair value through
      profit or loss                                   1,263      3,161,198                   —            —      3,162,461
   Cash and cash equivalents                              —              —                    —     2,438,252     2,438,252
   Time deposits with original maturity of
      over three months                                   —                —                  —       387,859       387,859
   Pledged time deposits                                  —                —                  —     1,743,395     1,743,395
   Restricted cash                                        —                —                  —        31,982        31,982
   Long-term receivables                                  —                —                  —         8,380         8,380


                                                       1,263      3,161,198             345,588     6,747,259    10,255,308




                                                         165
                                                  Annual Report 2021
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                  31 December 2021




43. Financial instruments by category (Continued)

    The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as
    follows: (Continued)

    2021 (Continued)

    Financial liabilities
                                                   Financial liabilities at fair value
                                                       through profit or loss
                                                      Designated
                                                    as such upon                           Financial
                                                            initial          Held for   liabilities at
                                                      recognition             trading amortised cost            Total
                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000        RMB’000            RMB’000


    Trade and notes payables                                    —                   —         570,890          570,890
    Financial liabilities included in other
       payables and accruals                                    —                   —         742,193          742,193
    Convertible bonds                                           —                   —       1,870,654        1,870,654
    Other non-current liabilities                               —                   —          99,138           99,138
    Interest-bearing loans and borrowings                       —                   —       7,620,139        7,620,139
    Dividend payable                                            —                   —           5,500            5,500
    Redemption liabilities on non-controlling
       interest                                         1,202,818                   —              —         1,202,818
    Contingent consideration payables                     334,378                   —              —           334,378


                                                        1,537,196                   —      10,908,514       12,445,710




                                                        166
                                                Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                  31 December 2021




43. Financial instruments by category (Continued)

    The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as
    follows: (Continued)

    2020

    Financial assets
                                                                                 Financial assets
                                                                                     at fair value
                                                       Financial assets            through other
                                                     at fair value through       comprehensive
                                                         profit or loss                   income
                                                  Designated                                          Financial
                                                     as such       Mandatorily                        assets at
                                                   upon initial    designated              Equity    amortised
                                                  recognition         as such        investments          cost       Total
                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000             RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


    Equity investments designated at fair value
       through other comprehensive income                   —                —           61,556            —        61,556
    Notes receivable                                        —                —          602,614            —       602,614
    Trade receivables                                       —                —               —        950,475      950,475
    Financial assets included in prepayments,
       other receivables and other assets                   —                —                 —      253,522      253,522
    Financial assets at fair value through
       profit or loss                                   1,263       1,431,907                  —            —     1,433,170
    Cash and cash equivalents                              —               —                   —     3,865,385    3,865,385
    Time deposits with original maturity of
       over three months                                    —                —                 —       109,000      109,000
    Pledged time deposits                                   —                —                 —     2,190,776    2,190,776
    Restricted cash                                         —                —                 —        37,473       37,473
    Long-term receivables                                   —                —                 —         8,000        8,000


                                                        1,263       1,431,907           664,170      7,414,631    9,511,971




                                                           167
                                                  Annual Report 2021
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                 31 December 2021




43. Financial instruments by category (Continued)

    The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as
    follows: (Continued)

    2020 (Continued)

    Financial liabilities
                                                    Financial liabilities at fair value
                                                        through profit or loss
                                                       Designated
                                                     as such upon                                   Financial
                                                             initial           Held for          liabilities at
                                                       recognition              trading       amortised cost          Total
                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000         RMB’000


    Trade and notes payables                                     —                        —          485,262        485,262
    Financial liabilities included in other
       payables and accruals                                   —                     —               460,860         460,860
    Convertible bonds                                          —                     —             1,810,930       1,810,930
    Other non-current liabilities                              —                     —                52,199          52,199
    Interest-bearing loans and borrowings                      —                     —             8,170,570       8,170,570
    Derivative financial instruments                           —                 22,563                   —           22,563
    Contingent consideration payables                     638,556                    —                    —          638,556


                                                          638,556                22,563          10,979,821       11,640,940




                                                        168
                                               Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                    31 December 2021




44. Fair value and fair value hierarchy of financial instruments

    Fair value hierarchy
    The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:

    Assets measured at fair value:
    As at 31 December 2021

                                                               Fair value measurement using
                                                      Quoted prices         Significant       Significant
                                                           in active        observable      unobservable
                                                            markets             inputs            inputs
                                                           (Level 1)          (Level 2)         (Level 3)          Total
                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


    Equity investments designated at fair value
      through other comprehensive income                       5,870             89,403                  —         95,273
    Notes receivable                                              —             250,315                  —        250,315
    Financial assets at fair value through
      profit or loss                                           2,148          3,159,050              1,263       3,162,461


                                                               8,018          3,498,768              1,263       3,508,049


    As at 31 December 2020

                                                                 Fair value measurement using
                                                       Quoted prices          Significant       Significant
                                                            in active        observable      unobservable
                                                            markets               inputs            inputs
                                                            (Level 1)           (Level 2)         (Level 3)         Total
                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000


    Equity investments designated at fair value
      through other comprehensive income                       3,041             58,515                  —         61,556
    Notes receivable                                              —             602,614                  —        602,614
    Financial assets at fair value through
      profit or loss                                          19,248          1,412,659              1,263       1,433,170


                                                              22,289          2,073,788              1,263       2,097,340




                                                           169
                                                   Annual Report 2021
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                   31 December 2021




44. Fair value and fair value hierarchy of financial instruments (Continued)

    Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
    The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments: (Continued)

    Liabilities measured at fair value:
    As at 31 December 2021

                                                               Fair value measurement using
                                                     Quoted prices          Significant       Significant
                                                          in active         observable      unobservable
                                                           markets              inputs            inputs
                                                          (Level 1)           (Level 2)         (Level 3)            Total
                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000


    Contingent consideration payables                              —                  —           334,378            334,378
    Redemption liabilities on non-controlling
      interests                                                    —                  —         1,202,818          1,202,818


                                                                   —                  —         1,537,196          1,537,196


    As at 31 December 2020

                                                                Fair value measurement using
                                                      Quoted prices           Significant       Significant
                                                           in active         observable      unobservable
                                                           markets                inputs            inputs
                                                           (Level 1)            (Level 2)         (Level 3)            Total
                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000


    Contingent consideration payables                              —                 —            638,556            638,556
    Derivative financial instruments                               —             22,563                —              22,563


                                                                   —             22,563           638,556            661,119


    During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into
    or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (2020: Nil).




                                                          170
                                                 Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                     31 December 2021




44. Fair value and fair value hierarchy of financial instruments (Continued)

    Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
    Financial instruments whose carrying amounts approximate to their fair values
    Management has determined that the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, pledged time deposits,
    restricted cash, trade receivables, other receivables and other assets, trade and notes payables, other payables and
    short-term interest-bearing loans and borrowings, based on their notional amounts, reasonably approximate to their
    fair values because these financial instruments are mostly short-term in nature.

    The fair values of the non-current portion of pledged time deposits, interest-bearing loans and borrowings, long-term
    receivables and payables have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently
    available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The changes in fair value as a result of
    the Group’s own non-performance risk for interest-bearing loans and borrowings as at 31 December 2021 were
    assessed to be insignificant. The fair value of the liability portion of the convertible bonds is estimated by discounting
    the expected future cash flows using an equivalent market interest rate for a similar convertible bond with consideration
    of the Group’s own non-performance risk.

    The fair values of listed equity investments are based on quoted market prices. The fair values of unlisted equity
    investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income are based on recently executed transaction
    prices in securities of the issuer. The fair value of the unlisted equity investments at fair value through profit or loss has
    been estimated using a market-based valuation technique based on assumptions that are not supported by observable
    market prices or rates. The valuation requires management to determine comparable public companies (peers) based
    on industry, size, leverage and strategy, and to calculate an appropriate price multiple, which is price to book value (“P/
    B”) multiple, for each comparable company identified. The multiple is calculated by dividing the enterprise value of the
    comparable company by a book value measure. The trading multiple is then discounted for considerations such as
    illiquidity and size differences between the comparable companies based on company-specific facts and
    circumstances. The discounted multiple is applied to measure the fair value of the unlisted equity investments.
    Management believes that the estimated fair value resulting from the valuation technique, which is recorded in the
    consolidated statement of financial position, and the related change in fair values, which is recorded in consolidated
    statement of profit or loss, are reasonable, and that it was the most appropriate value at the end of the reporting
    period.

    The Group invests in unlisted investments, which represent wealth management products issued by banks in Mainland
    China. The Group has estimated the fair value of these unlisted investments by using a discounted cash flow valuation
    model based on the market interest rates of instruments with similar terms and risks.

    The fair values of the notes receivable classified as debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
    as at 31 December 2021 have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows, which are the par
    values of the notes receivable. In addition, the notes receivable will mature within twelve months, and thus, their fair
    values approximate to their carrying values.

    The fair values of the contingent consideration payables and redemption liabilities on non-controlling interests were
    determined using discounted cash flow method and are within Level 3 fair value measurement.




                                                            171
                                                     Annual Report 2021
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                   31 December 2021




44. Fair value and fair value hierarchy of financial instruments (Continued)

    Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
    Financial instruments whose carrying amounts approximate to their fair values (Continued)
    Set out below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of financial instruments together with a
    quantitative sensitivity analysis as at 31 December 2021 and 2020:

                                             Significant
                               Valuation     unobservable           Weighted
                               technique     inputs               average rate       Sensitivity of fair value to the input


    Financial assets at fair   Market        Discount for lack           20%                                1% (2020: 1%)
      value through profit      approach       of marketability   (2020: 20%)                           increase/decrease
      or loss                                                                                     in discount would result
                                                                                      in decrease/ increase in fair value by
                                                                                                 RMB16,000/RMB16,000
                                                                                          (2020: RMB17,000/RMB17,000)

    Contingent                 Discounted    Discount rate               4.9%                               2% (2020: 2%)
     consideration               cash flow                        (2020: 4.9%)                          increase/decrease
     payables                    method                                                           in discount would result
                                                                                      in decrease/ increase in fair value by
                                                                                           RMB7,046,000/RMB6,772,000
                                                                                 (2020: RMB19,092,000/RMB18,128,000)

                                             Discount for own              5%                                1% (2020:1%)
                                               non-performance      (2020: 5%)                          increase/decrease
                                               risk                                                 in multiple would result
                                                                                      in decrease/ increase in fair value by
                                                                                           RMB1,835,000/RMB1,826,000
                                                                                                   (2020: RMB6,722,000)

    Redemption liabilities     Discounted    Discount rate              7.37%                                          0.1%
      on non-controlling         cash flow                                                              increase/decrease
      interests                  method                                                           in discount would result
                                                                                      in decrease/ increase in fair value by
                                                                                           RMB3,355,000/RMB3,367,000




                                                          172
                                                Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                   31 December 2021




45. Financial risk management objectives and policies

   The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise interest-bearing loans and borrowings, convertible bonds and
   cash and time deposits. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to raise finance for the Group’s operations.
   The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities such as trade receivables and trade payables, which arise
   directly from its operations.

   The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, credit risk and
   liquidity risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and they are
   summarised below.

   Interest rate risk
   Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of
   changes in market interest rates. The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily
   to the Group’s interest-bearing loans and borrowings with floating interest rates.

   The Group’s policy is to manage interest cost using a mix of fixed and floating rate debts.

   The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in the RMB, EUR and US$ interest
   rates, with all other variables held constant, of the Group’s profit before tax (through the impact on floating rate
   borrowings) and the Group’s equity.

                                                                          Increase/              Increase/         Increase/
                                                                       (decrease) in        (decrease) in       (decrease) in
                                                                        basis points     profit before tax            equity
                                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000


   2021
   RMB                                                                             50                (342)                (342)
   RMB                                                                            (50)                342                  342

   EUR                                                                             50                 (15)                 (15)
   EUR                                                                            (50)                 15                   15

   US$                                                                             50                (778)                (778)
   US$                                                                            (50)                778                  778


   2020
   RMB                                                                             50                  (33)                (33)
   RMB                                                                            (50)                  33                  33

   EUR                                                                             50                   (2)                  (2)
   EUR                                                                            (50)                   2                    2

   US$                                                                             50              (1,213)              (1,213)
   US$                                                                            (50)              1,213                1,213


                                                          173
                                                   Annual Report 2021
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                   31 December 2021




45. Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

    Foreign currency risk
    Foreign currency risk is the risk of loss resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Fluctuations in
    exchange rates between RMB and other currencies in which the Group conducts business may affect the Group’s
    financial condition and results of operations. The Group seeks to limit its exposure to foreign currency risk by
    minimising its net foreign currency position.

    The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably possible change in
    foreign currency exchange rates, with all other variables held constant, of the Group’s profit before tax (due to changes
    in the fair value of monetary assets and liabilities) and the Group’s equity.

                                                                          Increase/
                                                                      (decrease) in             Increase/         Increase/
                                                                    rate of foreign        (decrease) in         (decrease)
                                                                           currency     profit before tax          in equity
                                                                                 %               RMB’000           RMB’000


    2021
    If the RMB weakens against the US$                                             5              12,510               9,423
    If the RMB strengthens against the US$                                        (5)            (12,510)             (9,423)

    If the RMB weakens against the EUR                                             5             (11,334)             (9,150)
    If the RMB strengthens against the EUR                                        (5)             11,334               9,150

    If the US$ weakens against the AU$                                             5                 260                 217
    If the US$ strengthens against the AU$                                        (5)               (260)               (217)

    If the US$ weakens against the EUR                                             5             (21,695)            (21,694)
    If the US$ strengthens against the EUR                                        (5)             21,695              21,694


    2020
    If the RMB weakens against the HK$                                             5              (7,364)             (5,523)
    If the RMB strengthens against the HK$                                        (5)              7,364               5,523

    If the RMB weakens against the EUR                                             5              (8,827)             (7,503)
    If the RMB strengthens against the EUR                                        (5)              8,827               7,503

    If the US$ weakens against the HK$                                             5              (4,891)             (4,896)
    If the US$ strengthens against the HK$                                        (5)              4,891               4,896

    If the US$ weakens against the EUR                                             5             (25,313)            (25,293)
    If the US$ strengthens against the EUR                                        (5)             25,313              25,293




                                                          174
                                                Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                  31 December 2021




45. Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

    Credit risk
    The Group trades mainly with recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy that all customers who
    wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition, receivable balances are
    monitored on an ongoing basis. For transactions that are not denominated in the functional currency of the relevant
    operating unit, the Group does not offer credit terms without the specific approval of senior management.

    Maximum exposure and year-end staging
    The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group’s credit policy,
    which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without undue cost or effort, and
    year-end staging classification as at 31 December.

    The amounts presented are gross carrying amounts for financial assets.

    As at 31 December 2021

                                                        12-month
                                                            ECLs                  Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                  Simplified
                                                          Stage 1       Stage 2       Stage 3     approach         Total
                                                         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000


    Trade receivables*                                         —              —             —     1,518,185     1,518,185
    Notes receivable                                      250,315             —             —            —        250,315
    Financial assets included in prepayments,
      other receivables and other assets
      — Normal**                                          622,610             —             —             —       622,610
    Restricted cash
      — Not yet past due                                    31,982            —             —             —        31,982
    Pledged time deposits
      — Not yet past due                                1,743,395             —             —             —     1,743,395
    Time deposits with original maturity
      of over three months
      — Not yet past due                                  387,859             —             —             —       387,859
    Cash and cash equivalents
      — Not yet past due                                2,438,252             —             —             —     2,438,252


                                                        5,474,413             —             —     1,518,185     6,992,598




                                                         175
                                                  Annual Report 2021
                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                               31 December 2021




45. Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

    Credit risk (Continued)
    As at 31 December 2020

                                                                        12-month
                                                                            ECLs                       Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                                            Simplified
                                                                          Stage 1            Stage 2       Stage 3          approach             Total
                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


    Trade receivables*                                                         —                  —                —          954,645           954,645
    Notes receivable                                                      602,614                 —                —               —            602,614
    Financial assets included in prepayments,
      other receivables and other assets
      — Normal**                                                          253,522                 —                —                 —          253,522
    Restricted cash
      — Not yet past due                                                    37,473                —                —                 —           37,473
    Pledged time deposits
      — Not yet past due                                                2,190,776                 —                —                 —       2,190,776
    Time deposits with original maturity
      of over three months
      — Not yet past due                                                  109,000                 —                —                 —          109,000
    Cash and cash equivalents
      — Not yet past due                                                3,865,385                 —                —                 —       3,865,385


                                                                        7,058,770                 —                —          954,645        8,013,415


    *    For trade receivables to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment, information based on the provision matrix is disclosed in
         note 20 to the financial statements.


    **   The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets is considered to be “normal” when they are
         not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition.
         Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be “doubtful”.


    Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade receivables are disclosed
    in note 20 to the financial statements.

    Since the Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties, there is no requirement for collateral.
    Concentrations of credit risk are managed by customer/counterparty and by geographical region. There are no
    significant concentrations of credit risk within the Group as the customer bases of the Group’s trade receivables are
    widely dispersed in different regions.

    Liquidity risk
    The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool. This tool considers the
    maturity of both its financial investments and financial assets (e.g., trade receivables and other financial assets) and
    projected cash flows from operations.



                                                                         176
                                                            Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                 31 December 2021




45. Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

    Liquidity risk (Continued)
    The Group maintains a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of interest-bearing loans
    and borrowings, convertible bonds and lease liabilities.

    The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on contractual
    undiscounted payments, is as follows:

    31 December 2021

                                                          Less than     3 to             1 to         Over
                                            On demand     3 months 12 months          5 years      5 years       Total
                                              RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


    Convertible bonds                                —       14,030       14,030    2,157,253            —    2,185,313
    Lease liabilities                                —        6,988       20,046       43,967         8,337      79,338
    Interest-bearing loans and borrowings
       (excluding lease liabilities)                —     1,658,157    3,252,249    2,279,561            —    7,189,967
    Trade and notes payables                    32,314      394,433      144,143           —             —      570,890
    Financial liabilities included
       in other payables and accruals          351,904      390,289            —           —             —      742,193
    Dividend payable                             5,500           —             —           —             —        5,500
    Other non-current liabilities                   —            —             —       99,138            —       99,138
    Contingent consideration payable                —            —             —      361,683            —      361,683
    Redemption liabilities
       on non-controlling interests                  —            —            —    1,488,672            —    1,488,672


                                               389,718    2,463,897    3,430,468    6,430,274         8,337 12,722,694


    31 December 2020

                                                           Less than        3 to         1 to         Over
                                            On demand      3 months    12 months      5 years      5 years        Total
                                             RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


    Convertible bonds                                —       13,582       13,582    2,115,921            —    2,143,085
    Lease liabilities                                —        3,588       10,445        9,934         1,852      25,819
    Interest-bearing loans and borrowings
       (excluding lease liabilities)                —     2,169,381    3,623,710    1,982,335      263,290    8,038,716
    Trade and notes payables                    28,615      456,647           —            —            —       485,262
    Financial liabilities included
       in other payables and accruals          179,486      281,374           —            —             —      460,860
    Other non-current liabilities                   —            —            —        52,199            —       52,199
    Contingent consideration payable                —            —       361,683      361,683            —      723,366


                                               208,101    2,924,572    4,009,420    4,522,072      265,142 11,929,307



                                                         177
                                                 Annual Report 2021
                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                   31 December 2021




45. Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

    Capital management
    The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
    concern and to maintain a strong credit rating and healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise
    shareholders’ value.

    The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions and
    the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the
    dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. The Group is not subject to any
    externally imposed capital requirements. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing
    capital during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020.

    The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is total borrowings divided by total equity. The gearing ratios
    as at the end of the reporting periods were as follows:

                                                                                                  2021               2020
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


    Interest-bearing loans and borrowings (note 27)                                            7,620,139         8,170,570


    Total equity                                                                               9,113,903         8,099,015


    Gearing ratio                                                                                   84%              101%



46. Events after the reporting period

    There were no other significant events that required additional disclosure or adjustments occurred after the end of the
    reporting period.




                                                         178
                                                Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                     31 December 2021




47. Statement of financial position of the Company

   Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                                  2021               2020
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000

   NON-CURRENT ASSETS
   Investments in subsidiaries                                                                  176,770            150,003
   Right-of-use assets                                                                            1,559              3,744
   Other intangible assets                                                                       31,879             32,625

   Total non-current assets                                                                     210,208            186,372

   CURRENT ASSETS
   Due from subsidiaries                                                                      7,541,627          6,920,806
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                          2,148             19,248
   Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                                8,236             10,246
   Restricted cash                                                                               29,266             30,121
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                     20,015             21,589

   Total current assets                                                                       7,601,292          7,002,010

   CURRENT LIABILITIES
   Interest-bearing loans and borrowings                                                        532,862            975,510
   Derivative financial instruments                                                                  —              22,563
   Due to subsidiaries                                                                        1,996,834          1,727,022
   Other payables and accruals                                                                    1,407                688

   Total current liabilities                                                                  2,531,103          2,725,783

   NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                         5,070,189          4,276,227


   TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                      5,280,397          4,462,599

   NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
   Interest-bearing loans and borrowings                                                             —               1,724
   Convertible bonds                                                                          1,870,654          1,810,930

   Total non-current liabilities                                                              1,870,654          1,812,654

   Net assets                                                                                 3,409,743          2,649,945

   EQUITY
   Issued capital                                                                               455,835            417,991
   Treasury shares                                                                             (279,558)          (279,558)
   Share premium (note)                                                                       3,666,230          2,659,597
   Equity component of convertible bonds (note)                                                 292,398            292,398
   Reserves (note)                                                                             (725,162)          (440,483)

   Total equity                                                                               3,409,743          2,649,945


                                                           179
                                                    Annual Report 2021
                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                               31 December 2021




47. Statement of financial position of the Company (Continued)
    Note:


    A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:


                                                                                                     Foreign          Equity
                                                          Share     Share award                    currency     component of
                                                    premium             scheme    Accumulated     translation     convertible
                                                     account            reserve         losses       reserve          bonds         Total
                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000



    At 1 January 2020                               2,734,985           102,267       (421,527)     301,509          292,398    3,009,632
    Loss for the year                                         —              —        (127,884)           —               —      (127,884)
    Other comprehensive income for the year:
      Currency realignment                                    —              —              —       (170,265)             —      (170,265)


    Total comprehensive income for the year                   —              —        (127,884)     (170,265)             —      (298,149)
    Cancellation of treasury shares                      (75,388)            —              —             —               —       (75,388)
    Equity-settled share award scheme                         —          50,904             —             —               —       50,904
    Final 2019 dividend                                       —              —        (175,487)           —               —      (175,487)


    At 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021          2,659,597           153,171       (724,898)     131,244          292,398    2,511,512
    Loss for the year                                         —              —        (244,629)           —               —      (244,629)
    Other comprehensive income for the year:
      Currency realignment                                    —              —              —        (68,752)             —       (68,752)


    Total comprehensive income for the year                   —              —        (244,629)      (68,752)             —      (313,381)
    Equity-settled share award scheme                         —          28,702             —             —               —       28,702
    Issue of shares                                 1,006,633                —              —             —               —     1,006,633


    At 31 December 2021                             3,666,230           181,873       (969,527)       62,492         292,398    3,233,466




48. Approval of the consolidated financial statements

    The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 29 March
    2022.




                                                                      180
                                                            Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                            Luye Pharma Group Ltd. 綠葉制藥集團有限公司



                                                                2021
                                                                ANNUAL
                                                                REPORT




                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021 年 報
Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
     www.luye.cn

                                                                Luye Pharma Group Ltd.
                                                                綠葉制藥集團有限公司
                                                                (incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

                                                                Stock Code: 2186
