For personal use only




                        Annual
                        Report
                        2025

                        National Australia Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937
For personal use only




                        National Australia Bank Limited
                        ABN 12 004 044 937
                        This 2025 Annual Report (Report) is lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission and ASX Limited.
                        National Australia Bank Limited (NAB) is publicly listed in Australia.
                        The Report contains information prepared on the basis of the Banking Act 1959 (Cth), Corporations Act 2001 (Cth),
                        4th edition ASX Corporate Governance Councilʼs Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations, Accounting
                        Standards and interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board and International Financial Reporting
                        Standards and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. It also provides information on
                        the Group’s activities and performance in 2025, showing how the Group is creating value through its strategy, operating
                        environment, governance and financial and non-financial activities. NAB also produces a Climate Report which can be
                        viewed online at nab.com.au/annualreports.
                        To view the Report online, visit www.nab.com.au/annualreports. Alternatively, to arrange for a copy to be sent to you free
                        of charge, call the shareholder information line on 1300 367 647 from within Australia or +61 3 9415 4299 from outside
                        Australia. Nothing in the Report is, or should be taken as, an offer of securities in NAB for issue or sale, or an invitation to
                        apply for the purchase of such securities. All figures in the Report are in Australian dollars unless otherwise stated.
                        2025 Reporting Suite
                            Acknowledgement of Country

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           About
                            NAB acknowledges the Traditional Owners and Custodians of the lands and waters across Australia, whose connection
                            to Country has sustained community, culture and commerce for tens of thousands of years. We pay our respects to

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         this report
                            Elders past and present, recognising their enduring strength, innovation and economic leadership of First Nations peoples.
                            We are committed to walking alongside First Nations leaders, businesses and communities to create lasting opportunity,
                            strengthen capability and grow intergenerational wealth.
                            “First Nations peoples”, “Indigenous peoples” and “Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples” are used interchangeably
                            throughout this Report. By intent, these terms respectfully refer to Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander peoples
                            of Australia.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Our business
                        2025 Annual Report
                                                                                                                                                NAB’s 2025 Annual Report provides information on the Group’s activities and performance                                                                                                     in 2025
                                                                                                                                                during 2025. It outlines how NAB is creating value through its strategy, operating environment,
                                                                                                                                                governance, financial and non-financial activities.
                                                                                                                                                The Annual Report draws on aspects of the International Integrated Reporting Framework, Global
                                                                                                                                                Reporting Initiative Standard and forthcoming Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards. It is
                                                                                                                                                supported by the additional documents outlined below.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                Report Structure
                                                                                                                                                Pages 10 to 41 contain information on the Group’s business, strategy, operating environment
                                                                                                                                                and performance. These pages outline performance relevant to customers, colleagues,
                                                                                                                                                communities, sustainability, climate change and environment and respecting human rights.
                                                                                                                                                Stakeholder feedback was considered in the shaping of this section (refer to Material
                                                                                                                                                sustainability themes on page 33 for more information).
                                                                                                                                                Pages 49 to 72 contain NAB’s 2025 Corporate Governance Statement, which discloses how the
                                    Annual                                                                                                      ASX Corporate Governance Council’s Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations –
                                    Report                                                                                                      4th edition have been complied with.
                                    2025
                                                                                                                                                Pages 85 to 142 contain key components of the Report of the Directors.                                                                                                                   Corporate
                                    National Australia Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937
                                                                                                                                                Pages 98 to 140 contain the Remuneration Report.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Governance
                                                                                                                                                Pages 144 to 239 contain the Financial report.
                        Assurance
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Statement
                        The Group's External Auditors are EY, and they have provided the following assurances:
                        •          The Remuneration Report on pages 98 to 140 and Financial report on pages 144 to 239 have been audited. The assurance statement
                                   for the Financial report and Remuneration Report is on pages 240 to 246 .


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Risk
                        •          Limited assurance over 26 key non-financial sustainability metrics and performance disclosures and a further six metrics relating to
                                   NAB's Reconciliation Action Plan as outlined in EY's limited assurance statement on pages 42 to 48.
                        •          Assurance over selected environmental measures disclosed across NAB's reporting suite. EY’s assurance statements are available on


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         management
                                   NAB's website at nab.com.au/about-us/social-impact/shareholders/performance-and-reporting.


                        Additional documents


                                                                                                                                                                     Climate Report
                                                                                                                                                                     2024




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Report of

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         the Directors
                            Full Year Results
                            2025
                            Investor Presentation
                            6 November 2025
                                                                                           Full Year                                                                 Climate
                            Andrew Irvine                                                  Results                                                                   Report                                                 Pillar 3 Report
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            as at 30 September 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Sustainability
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Data Pack 2025
                                                                                           2025                                                                      2025
                            Group Chief Executive Officer
                            Shaun Dooley




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Financial report
                            Group Chief Financial Officer                                                                                                                                                                   Incorporating the requirements of APS 330




                            National Australia Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937             National Australia Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937                        National Australia Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937     National Australia Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937     National Australia Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937




                        2025 Full Year Results                                           Management                                                               2025 Climate Report                                     2025 Pillar 3 Report                                   2025 Sustainability
                        Investor Presentation                                            Discussion                                                               Provides information on                                 Describes the Group's                                  Data Pack
                        Information designed                                             and Analysis                                                             NAB's climate-related                                   risk management                                        Provides further
                        for analysts and                                                 Management                                                               activities and progress                                 approach and provides                                  details on the
                        institutional investors                                          discussion and analysis                                                  on its climate strategy.                                details about risk                                     Group's sustainability
                        which accompanies                                                of the Group's results                                                   The Report is guided by                                 exposures, capital                                     performance, in
                        the Group's Full Year                                            for the year ended                                                       the recommendations                                     adequacy and liquidity.                                addition to the material
                        Results Presentation.                                            30 September 2025.                                                       of the Financial                                                                                               themes covered in the
                                                                                                                                                                  Stability Board's Task                                                                                         Annual Report and the
                                                                                                                                                                  Force on Climate-                                                                                              Climate Report.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Additional
                                                                                                                                                                  related Financial
                                                                                                                                                                  Disclosures (TCFD).

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         information
                        2025 Reporting Suite (cont.)




                        Additional information
                        Certain definitions
                        The Group's financial year ends on 30 September. The financial year ended 30 September 2025 is referred to as 2025 and other
                        financial years are referred to in a corresponding manner. Reference in this Report to the year ended September 2025 are
                        references to the twelve months ended 30 September 2025. Other twelve month periods referred to in this Report are referred
                        to in a corresponding manner. Reference in this Report to the environmental reporting year are references to the twelve months
                        ended 30 June 2025.
                        The abbreviations $m and $bn represent millions and thousands of millions (i.e. billions) of Australian dollars respectively.
                        Key terms used in this Report are contained in the Glossary.

                        Forward-looking statements
                        This Report contains statements that are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
                        statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms "ambition", "believe", "estimate",
                        "plan", "project", "anticipate", "expect", "goal", “target”, "intend", “likely”, "may", "will", “could” or "should" or, in each case, their
                        negative or other variations or other similar expressions, or by discussions of strategy, plans, objectives, targets, goals, future
                        events or intentions. Indications of, and guidance on, future earnings and financial position and performance are also forward-
                        looking statements. Users are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
                        statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors,




For personal use only
                        many of which are beyond the control of the Group, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or
                        implied in such statements. There can be no assurance that actual outcomes will not differ materially from these statements.
                        There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in such statements, including
                        (without limitation) a significant change in the Group’s financial performance or operating environment; a material change to
                        law or regulation or changes to regulatory policy or interpretation; and risks and uncertainties associated with the ongoing
                        impacts of the Russia-Ukraine and Middle Eastern conflicts and other geopolitical tensions, the Australian and global economic
                        environment and capital market conditions and changes in global trade policies. Further details are contained on page 75 under
                        Disclosure on risk factors.
                        Contents
                        Our business in 2025                             2    Financial report                                              144
                        2025 at a glance                                 5    Income statements                                              145

                        Chair's message                                  6    Statements of comprehensive income                            146        About

                        CEO's message                                    7    Balance sheets                                                 147    this report
                                                                              Statements of cash flows                                      148

                        Creating value                                   8    Statements of changes in equity                               150

                                                                              Notes to the financial statements                             152

                                                                                                                                                    Our business
                        Our business                                     10
                                                                              Consolidated entity disclosure statement                      237
                        Our strategic ambition                           11

                                                                                                                                                       in 2025
                                                                              Directors' declaration                                        239
                        Operating environment                            12
                                                                              Report on the audit of the financial report                   240
                        Creating value                                   13

                        Customers                                        14

                        Colleagues                                      23    Additional information                                    247



                                                                                                                                                      Creating value




For personal use only
                        Building stronger, more resilient communities   28

                        Sustainability                                  29    Glossary                                                  256
                        Climate change and environment                  37

                        Respecting human rights                         40

                        Independent limited assurance statement         42


                                                                                                                                                    Corporate
                        Corporate Governance Statement                  49                                                                         Governance
                        Corporate Governance Framework                  50                                                                          Statement
                        Board of Directors                               51

                        Executive Leadership Team                       56

                        Key Board activities                            59

                        Board composition, diversity and performance     61                                                                            Risk

                                                                                                                                                    management
                        Board committees                                66

                        Governance, conduct and culture                 68

                        Assurance and control                            71

                        Compliance with ASX corporate                   72
                        governance recommendations

                                                                                                                                                      Report of

                                                                                                                                                    the Directors
                        Risk management                                 73
                        Risk management overview                        74

                        Risk factors                                    75




                                                                                                                                                      Financial report
                        Report of the Directors                         85
                        Operating and financial review                  86

                        Directors’ information                          95

                        Other matters                                   96

                        Remuneration Report                             98

                                                                                                                                                     Additional
                        Directors' signatures                           141


                                                                                                                                                    information
                        Auditor's independence declaration              142




                                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report      1
                This page has been intentionally left blank.




For personal use only
                                               Corporate
   About      Our business                                    Risk        Report of                         Additional
                             Creating value   Governance                                Financial report
this report     in 2025                                    management   the Directors                      information
                                               Statement
                       Our business
                       in 2025
                             For personal use only
                This page has been intentionally left blank.




For personal use only
                                                                  Corporate
                      About      Our business                                    Risk        Report of                         Additional
                                                Creating value   Governance                                Financial report
                   this report     in 2025                                    management   the Directors                      information
                                                                  Statement
                                                                                                                                            5
                                                                                                                                            2025 Annual Report
2025 at a glance
                                                For personal use only
                        Chair's message
                        Building for the future
                        This year marked the first full year of implementing NAB’s
                        evolved strategy. The Board is pleased to see the progress
                        being made for customers and shareholders.
                        Our Chief Executive Officer Andrew Irvine and his team are
                        managing the business well. Together with Andrew, the Board
                        is helping to shape the leadership team and ensure the right
                        people are in place to lead NAB into the future.
                        Building a simpler, more modern bank is a key focus; one that
                        is fit for the long-term and capable of delivering for customers
                        in a rapidly changing world.
                        NAB is a materially better bank today than it was five years ago.
                        We’ve made significant progress in strengthening our controls       The Board has also spent time with NAB colleagues, customers
                        and risk management processes, but there is always more             and external stakeholders to ensure directors remain firmly
                        to do.                                                              connected to the people and communities we serve.
                        Culture, governance and accountability remain fundamental to
                                                                                            Looking forward – headwinds and opportunities
                        how the bank is run. This year we finalised our Enforceable
                        Undertaking with AUSTRAC. We remain vigilant to the ongoing         As we look ahead, it’s our ability to be better for




For personal use only
                        challenges that financial crime presents to our customers           customers – today and in the future – that will underpin
                        and society.                                                        shareholder returns.
                        Identifying and addressing problems as they arise continues         Significant shifts in the global economy this year have
                        to underpin our efforts and we endeavour to maintain                signalled the beginning of a new economic era. While volatility
                        constructive relationships with all our key regulators.             in US trade tariffs has eased, uncertainty remains, and broader
                                                                                            geopolitical instability continues to pose risks.
                        Unfortunately, this year we uncovered more payroll issues.
                        NAB has initiated a broader review into payroll-related benefits    In this context, Australia and New Zealand remain attractive
                        under current and historical agreements and management              markets yet we continue to be alert to the potential impacts
                        is working hard to resolve these payroll issues as quickly as       of global developments.
                        possible for our colleagues.                                        Closer to home, there are reasons for optimism. Interest
                                                                                            rates and inflation are stabilising, and business and consumer
                        A financially secure bank                                           confidence is gradually improving. These are encouraging
                        NAB’s financial results this year reflect good performance          signs for Australians and Australian businesses heading
                        from each of NAB’s divisions.                                       into 2026.
                        We have maintained prudent balance sheet settings and are           NAB seeks to support customers through the full economic
                        well capitalised with a capital surplus to the Group’s CET1         cycle: whether that’s funding growth and ambition, helping
                        target of above 11.25% as at 30 September 2025.                     households and businesses navigate cost-of-living pressures
                        The Board has declared dividends for the year of 170 cents          or responding to the impact of natural disasters.
                        per share, in line with our target payout ratio, and returning      Technology is central to our ability to meet the needs of
                        $5.2 billion to shareholders.                                       customers and respond to the external environment. Having
                        We retain a bias towards reducing the share count over              the right technology in place is essential to being a future-
                        time to drive sustainable returns for shareholders. We have         fit bank.
                        completed $8 billion in on-market buy-backs since August 2021       We are mindful of the critical role NAB plays in the national
                        and continue to neutralise NAB’s dividend reinvestment plan.        payments infrastructure and are working closely with other
                        Over the five years to 30 September 2025, our total                 banks and government agencies to ensure our systems are
                        shareholder return was 189.8%, higher than the average of           resilient and our customers are well protected.
                        168.1% for NAB’s major bank peers.                                  This year, the Board endorsed NAB’s Sustainability Strategy,
                        Executive and employee remuneration outcomes this year              which focuses on three key areas: climate transition and
                        reflect the bank’s performance and our commitment to                resilience, housing affordability, and First Nations economic
                        aligning reward with long-term value creation.                      empowerment. These are areas where NAB differentiates and
                                                                                            can make a meaningful difference.
                        Board renewal                                                       In each of these examples, we are getting on and doing the
                        Shaping NAB’s Board for the future is a constant focus.             things we said we’d do.
                        This includes targeted director development and renewal to
                        ensure the right mix of skills, leadership and experience to        In closing
                        guide the bank through a complex and evolving environment.          I want to thank our shareholders for their continued support,
                        Both Kathryn Fagg and I will stand for re-election at this year’s   and our NAB colleagues for their hard work and dedication. The
                        Annual General Meeting with the full support of the Board.          bank is strong and has momentum behind it. I’m pleased with
                                                                                            how far we’ve come and clear that there is much more to do
                        Given this will be my fourth term as a NAB Director, Chair
                                                                                            to fulfil our ambition for this organisation.
                        succession will be a key focus, and the Board has formalised a
                        process to ensure that this is done in an orderly manner.
                        During the past year, we have invested time in educating
                        directors on technology, risk management including cyber-
                        risk and artificial intelligence (AI), climate reporting and        Philip Chronican,
                        regulatory change.                                                  Chair



                        6    National Australia Bank
                        CEO's message
                        Delivering our strategy
                        I am pleased to share our progress during the first year of

                                                                                                                                                                    About
                        our strategy evolution. Customer outcomes are improving,
                        and momentum is growing as we strive to become the most
                        customer-centric company in Australia and New Zealand.
                        NAB is focused on delivering simpler, faster and safer                                                                                   this report
                        banking experiences and we are making progress across our
                        three key strategic priorities. These are growing business
                        banking, driving deposit growth and strengthening proprietary
                        home lending.

                                                                                                                                                                 Our business
                        In 2025, we continued to grow our business. Business
                        lending balances rose 9.3%, deposit balances grew 7.4% and


                                                                                                                                                                   in 2025
                        the proportion of mortgages written through our bankers
                                                                                           AI is supporting fraud detection, improving cybersecurity,
                        improved to 41%.
                                                                                           streamlining home loan application processes and reducing
                        During the year, we made high quality appointments to              low-value work for our NAB colleagues.
                        what is an experienced and capable Executive Leadership
                                                                                           We are pursuing a range of use cases for generative and
                        Team. Andrew Auerbach, joined as Group Executive Business
                                                                                           agentic AI, as well as assisting our colleagues to develop the AI
                        & Private Banking in June; Pete Steel joins as Group




                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value
                                                                                           skills of the future.




For personal use only
                        Executive Digital, Data & Artificial Intelligence in November
                        and Inder Singh joins as Group Chief Financial Officer and         AI needs to be managed carefully and securely, and it is
                        Group Executive, Strategy in March 2026. In October 2025,          already freeing up our bankers to spend more time with
                        we confirmed Shane Conway would be promoted to Group               customers and delivering better customer outcomes.
                        Executive, Transformation, commencing 1 December 2025.
                                                                                           Investing in the future and community
                        Our leading Business and Private Bank continues to grow
                                                                                           Housing is a key opportunity to unlock productivity growth.
                        and our new business lending platform is delivering a better
                                                                                           Over the past three years, NAB has focused on affordable
                        customer experience.
                                                                                           and specialist housing. In 2025, we achieved our $6 billion
                        Digital, data and AI capabilities are critical enablers to be      financing goal four years ahead of schedule and set a new and         Corporate
                        simpler and faster. Pete Steel will lead NAB in this space,        expanded ambition to provide at least $60 billion of financing
                        focusing on making banking easier and more secure for              in support of housing affordability by 2030.                         Governance
                                                                                                                                                                 Statement
                        customers and providing better insights to our colleagues.
                                                                                           We are also working with customers and the community on
                        We continue to invest in our workforce to better serve             the transition to net zero and we are focused on achieving
                        customers. This includes accessing the skills and talent pools     our cumulative environmental finance ambition of $80 billion
                        in India and Vietnam to complement our Australian, New             by 2030.
                        Zealand and other global teams. Working together, these
                                                                                           Branches continue to play an important role to support our

                                                                                                                                                                    Risk
                        teams are enabling us to process repayment reviews faster,
                                                                                           customers and communities. While activity in our branches is
                        provide more fraud support and offer greater continuity for
                                                                                           changing, their role in building relationships and trust remains
                        customers with expanded time zones.

                                                                                                                                                                 management
                                                                                           vital. This year, we upgraded more than 140 branches across
                        Economic outlook                                                   Australia and expanded Saturday trading to 32 locations, which
                                                                                           continues to receive fantastic feedback from customers and
                        I am optimistic about our domestic economy and see
                                                                                           the community.
                        tremendous opportunities to raise productivity to secure
                        the same or better living standards for future generations.        Through NAB Ready Together and the NAB Foundation, we help
                        Initiatives in housing, new technology and regulatory              Australians prepare for and recover from natural disasters. We

                                                                                                                                                                   Report of
                        simplification offer significant productivity gains.               also support First Nations businesses, with progress towards
                                                                                           our $1 billion lending target by the end of 2026. In 2025, lending
                        Interest rate cuts have brought welcome relief to households
                                                                                           to First Nations businesses and community organisations grew

                                                                                                                                                                 the Directors
                        this year, with the Reserve Bank of Australia carefully steering
                                                                                           to $673.2 million.
                        us toward a soft landing. While global headwinds persist, the
                        Australian and New Zealand economies remain resilient.             Looking ahead

                        Supporting our customers                                           I am energised to lead NAB in 2026 and optimistic for our
                                                                                           customers, colleagues, the economy and Australia. We have




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
                        Customer advocacy shows promising signs of improvement.
                                                                                           a great team to make this an even better bank.
                        We are gathering more feedback from customers than ever
                        before and embedding these improvements at scale.                  Our direction is clear on our path to become the most
                                                                                           customer-centric company in Australia and New Zealand, and
                        Protecting customers from scams and fraud remains a top
                                                                                           our progress is promising.
                        priority. Customers are being better protected through the
                        introduction of initiatives such as facial biometrics and          Thank you to our shareholders for your continued support, to
                        Confirmation of Payee technology for digital payments. In 2025,    our customers for choosing NAB, and to our colleagues for
                        NAB prevented or recovered more than $385 million in scam          your dedication and care.
                        and fraud losses for customers.

                                                                                                                                                                  Additional
                        Technology, including AI, is helping us strengthen protections
                        and improve service for customers.

                                                                                           Andrew Irvine,                                                        information
                                                                                           Group Chief Executive Officer



                                                                                                                                      2025 Annual Report    7
                This page has been intentionally left blank.




For personal use only
                                                                                                   About

                                                                                                this report




                                                                                                Our business

                                                                                                   in 2025


                        Creating
                                                                                                  Creating value
                        value




For personal use only
                                                                                                Corporate
                                                                                               Governance
                                                                                                Statement


                        This section outlines how NAB seeks to create value through our
                        strategy, summarises NAB’s sustainability approach and provides an
                        update on performance across key themes.                                   Risk

                        • Our business (page 10)                                                management
                        • Our strategic ambition (page 11)
                        • Operating environment (page 12)
                        • Creating value (page 13)
                        • Customers (pages 14 to 22)                                              Report of
                        • Colleagues (pages 23 to 27)
                        • Building stronger, more resilient communities (page 28)               the Directors

                        • Sustainability (pages 29 to 36)
                        • Climate change and environment (pages 37 to 39)



                                                                                                  Financial report
                        • Respecting human rights (pages 40 to 41)

                        NAB provides supplementary sustainability-related disclosures in its
                        2025 Climate Report and 2025 Sustainability Data Pack, available at:
                        nab.com.au/annualreports


                                                                                                 Additional

                                                                                                information
                        Our business
                        We are here to be the most customer-centric                                             Personal Banking
                        company in Australia and New Zealand. More than
                                                                                                                Deepening customer relationships
                        41,000(1) colleagues provide ~10 million customers
                        with secure, easy and reliable banking services.                                        Personal Banking (PB) delivers easier, digital banking
                                                                                                                experiences to drive faster, better outcomes for customers
                                                                                                                and colleagues.
                        NAB has three major customer-facing business units in
                        Australia - Business and Private Banking, Personal Banking,                             We offer a range of banking products and services
                        Corporate and Institutional Banking - supported by six enabling                         including home loans, deposits, debit and credit cards
                        units (Technology and Enterprise Operations, Finance, Risk,                             and personal loans. Customers can manage their finances
                        Customer and Corporate Services, People and Culture and                                 through a network of branches and ATMs, contact centres,
                        the Group Chief Operating Office). ubank is NAB's digitally                             online and mobile banking, our own lending specialists and
                        focused bank and operates as a customer-facing unit under                               mortgage brokers.
                        the leadership of the Group Chief Operating Office. Bank of                             Supported by investment in the retail network - including
                        New Zealand is our New Zealand banking business that serves                             branch refreshes and extended Saturday trading in 32
                        Personal, Business, Agriculture and Private Banking customers.                          locations - home lending balances grew by 4.0% and retail
                                                                                                                deposit balances by 9.2%. Growth in home lending has been
                        Business and Private Banking                                                            supported by investment in banker capabilities and tools
                                                                                                                including the onboarding of approximately 270 new proprietary
                        Clear market leadership                                                                 home lending bankers during the year(6).




For personal use only
                        Business and Private Banking (B&PB) backs Australian
                        businesses and the individuals who own them. From start-                                Bank of New Zealand
                        ups and small businesses to established medium and large
                        enterprises, we have supported our customers' growth                                    Personal and SME
                        through a relationship-based approach, increasingly enabled                             Bank of New Zealand (BNZ) serves more than 1.4 million
                        by digital, data and analytics.                                                         customers across New Zealand with personal and business
                        As Australia's leading business bank(2) we support one in                               banking services, through a nationwide network of branches,
                        four businesses in the SME market and one in three in                                   customer centres, digital and assisted channels. BNZ is New
                        the agribusiness market. We deliver specialised expertise                               Zealand’s largest business bank and one of the country's
                        and sector-specific banking solutions across a range of                                 fastest growing retail banks.
                        industries, including agriculture, health, commercial real                              In 2025, it increased market share in household deposits and
                        estate, professional services, franchising and wholesale, retail                        key lending segments across personal and business banking(7).
                        and trade as well as government, community and education                                It also increased its physical presence in response to growing
                        services. Customised banking solutions are also available for                           demand for more face-to-face services, with all branches in
                        Private Wealth customers.                                                               New Zealand now open for at least five days a week since
                        In 2025, business lending balances rose 7.3%, deposit balances                          April 2025.
                        grew 6.6% and new business transaction account openings
                        increased 12% compared with 2024.                                                       ubank
                                                                                                                Customer acquisition
                        Corporate and Institutional Banking
                                                                                                                ubank is Australia’s first homegrown digital bank, established
                        Disciplined growth                                                                      in 2008 to deliver a smarter, technology-led banking
                        Corporate and Institutional Banking (C&IB) partners with clients                        experience. The acquisition of 86 400 in 2021 strengthened
                        globally to meet their most complex financial needs by                                  ubank’s digital capabilities and enabled delivery of an award-
                        providing a range of customised products and services,                                  winning suite of products across everyday banking and
                        including client coverage, corporate finance, markets,                                  home lending.
                        transactional banking and enterprise payments through                                   ubank’s mission is to help young Australians improve their
                        offices in Australia, United States, Europe and Asia.                                   financial wellbeing by providing greater visibility and control
                        We continue to apply a disciplined approach to growth, with                             over their finances. As at September 2025, the customer base
                        a focus on strengthening relationships in priority customer                             exceeded 1,050,000, with more than 200,000 new customers
                        sectors. NAB holds a market-leading position in cash and                                added in the past 12 months, representing 24% year-on-
                        liquidity management, ranking first in both the Relationship                            year growth.
                        Strength Index rating for Debt Capital Markets(3) and the Trade
                        Survey(4). NAB's bankers and specialists also rank first for best
                        advice on use of interest rate risk management(5) and service
                        for large deposits(5).
                        In 2025, C&IB secured new transactional banking mandates,
                        achieved deposit growth of 10.5% and lending growth of 11.8%.



                         (1) Number of full-time equivalent colleagues as at 30 September 2025, excluding discontinued operations.
                         (2) Market share of APRA Business Lending (excluding Financial Institutions and Government) as at September 2025. For further information refer to https://
                             www.apra.gov.au/monthly-authorised-deposit-taking-institution-statistics.
                         (3) Coalition Greenwich Voice of Client 2025 Australia Debt Capital Market Study.
                         (4) Coalition Greenwich Voice of Client 2025 Australia Trade Finance Study.
                         (5) Coalition Greenwich Voice of Client 2025 Australia Large Corporate Relationship Banking Study.
                         (6) Offset by productivity, net increase to FTE of 120.
                         (7) Source: Reserve Bank of New Zealand (RBNZ).


                        10   National Australia Bank
                        Our strategic ambition
                        To be the most customer-centric company in Australia and New Zealand
                        In November 2024, NAB evolved its Group strategy to focus on the delivery of exceptional customer experiences and transform

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      About
                        NAB into a more customer-centric, simpler, faster-paced organisation.
                        The first year of our focus on customer-centricity has produced positive emerging results and contributed to good momentum

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   this report
                        across our three key priorities:
                        •    growing business banking,
                        •    driving deposit growth, and
                        •    strengthening proprietary home lending.
                        We expanded our share of business lending, customer deposits increased 7.4% and proprietary channel home lending drawdowns

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Our business
                        rose to 41% of total drawdowns, while targeted initiatives to address specific customer pain points boosted advocacy in
                        these areas.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      in 2025
                        For the year ended 30 September 2025, we achieved a sound financial performance. Basic cash earnings(1) per share was 231.8
                        cents, and cash return on equity of 11.4%. The Group’s dividend payout for the year will be 170 cents per share.
                        For further information on NAB's Strategy refer to Strategic highlights.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value




For personal use only
                                Our strategic ambition
                                Why we are here                  To be the most customer-centric company in Australia and New Zealand




                                                                                  Customers                                                                    Colleagues
                                Who we are here for                               Customers who trust us and choose us to be their bank                        Customer obsessed colleagues who are proud to work at NAB



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Governance
                                                                        We are customer                          We keep                         We move                            We                           We win
                                Who we are                              obsessed                                 it simple                       with speed                         own it                       together


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Statement
                                                                                Relationship led                       Exceptional experiences                    Safe and sustainable
                                                                                1. Exceptional bankers                 1. Brilliant at the basics                 1. Strong balance sheet and proactive risk management
                                What we will be known for                       2. Unrivalled customer service         2. Trusted in moments that matter          2. Secure, simplified and resilient technology
                                                                                3. Personalised and proactive          3. Simple, fast and easy to deal with      3. Long term and sustainable approach




                                Where we will grow
                                                                       Business & Private
                                                                       Clear market leader
                                                                                                 Corporate & Institutional
                                                                                                 Disciplined Growth
                                                                                                                                       Personal
                                                                                                                                       Deepen customer relationships
                                                                                                                                                                               BNZ
                                                                                                                                                                               Personal & SME
                                                                                                                                                                                                     ubank
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Customer acquisition             Risk

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   management
                                                                                Leading customer                   Winning in                   Customer obsessed                    Simple, fast,                 Strong
                                What we will deliver                            advocacy                           market                       colleagues                           resilient                     returns




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Report of

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   information
                            (1) Full detail on how cash earnings is defined, a discussion of non-cash earnings items and a full reconciliation of statutory net profit attributable to owners of the
                                Company is set out in Note 2 Segment information of the Financial report on page 155. Statutory return on equity and statutory earnings per share (EPS) are presented
                                on page 88.


                                                                                                                                                                                                 2025 Annual Report          11
                        Operating environment
                        Global business environment                                        •   Employment continues to grow, with a 1.3% increase
                                                                                               between September 2024 and September 2025.
                        Global economic growth has been relatively resilient to-date
                        in calendar year 2025, despite disruptions to global trade         The eight capital cities Cotality Hedonic Home Value Index
                        flows, and negative sentiment impacts, from increases in US        grew by 4.3% between September 2024 and September 2025.
                        tariffs. However, in year average terms, growth is forecast        Over this period, the strongest growth in state capital
                        to slow in calendar year 2026 before stabilising in 2027.          cities was in Brisbane, Adelaide and Perth, while Sydney and
                        Global growth over this period is forecast to remain below its     Melbourne had more modest growth.
                        average of this century.                                           Between February 2025 and August 2025 the RBA reduced the
                        Uncertainty around future US tariffs and trading arrangements      cash rate from 4.35% to 3.60%. A further reduction in the cash
                        remains. Further tariff measures are possible, as is retaliation   rate is possible in 2026.
                        from trading partners such as China.                               The economy is expected to grow at close to its trend
                        Major central banks generally eased monetary policy in 2025.       pace over the remainder of calendar year 2025 and
                        Some institutions – such as the European Central Bank – may        calendar year 2026. This should be underpinned by ongoing
                        be at or near the end of their easing cycle, while further         household consumption growth, as well as an improvement in
                        monetary policy easing by the US Federal Reserve is expected       business investment.
                        in 2026.                                                           Annual system credit growth was stronger, between
                        The global economic outlook could be impacted by                   September 2024 and September 2025 it grew by 7.3%,
                        geopolitical events and risks. Many governments face major         compared to 5.8% over the previous year.




For personal use only
                        fiscal challenges and dealing with these challenges may have
                        consequences for the economy and financial markets.                New Zealand economy
                                                                                           Conditions in the New Zealand economy have been mixed.
                        Australian economy                                                 While agricultural sector conditions have been positive, other
                        Growth in the Australian economy has strengthened and the          parts of the economy have struggled. Overall, economic
                        unemployment rate, even though it has risen, remains low.          activity has contracted.
                        Gross Domestic Product (GDP) grew by 1.8% between the June         GDP in the June quarter 2025 was 1.6% below its peak recorded
                        2024 and the June 2025 quarters, double the growth rate over       in the March quarter 2024, including a 0.6% fall from the
                        the prior four quarter period. By expenditure component, over      same quarter last year. Over the last year, residential and
                        this period:                                                       business investment fell, although household consumption
                                                                                           growth improved.
                        •    Household consumption grew 2.0%, its highest annual
                             growth rate in two years. Similarly, dwelling investment      Labour market conditions have deteriorated. Between the
                             strengthened, rising by 4.8%.                                 June 2024 quarter and June 2025 quarter:
                        •    Business fixed capital investment grew by 0.1%, a marked      •   Employment fell 0.9%.
                             slowdown from recent years.                                   •   The unemployment rate rose from 4.7% to 5.2%.
                        •    Growth in government consumption and investment eased         While wage growth has eased, CPI inflation has risen. The CPI
                             to 3.0%.                                                      increased by 3.0% between the September 2025 quarter, up
                        Most industries saw an increase in gross value added between       from 2.2% in the September 2024 quarter.
                        the June 2024 quarter and the June 2025 quarter, although          Commodity export prices, in New Zealand dollar terms, rose
                        there were declines in manufacturing, professional, scientific     14.0% between September 2024 and September 2025 (including
                        and technical services, mining, and construction. Similarly,       a 13.4% increase in dairy prices), although they have eased
                        state final demand increased in all states and territories other   since February 2025. Agricultural production (volume measure)
                        than the Northern Territory.                                       reached a new historical high.
                        In the September 2025 quarter, the annual growth rate in the       In the housing market, sales volumes were generally higher
                        Consumer Price Index (CPI) was 3.2%. The annual increase in        across 2025 than in 2024, while house prices were little
                        trimmed mean CPI has fallen to 3.0%, the top of the RBA's target   changed. The REINZ House Price Index in September 2025 was
                        inflation band, signalling a moderation in underlying inflation    0.2% above its September 2024 level.
                        from the previous year.
                                                                                           System credit growth strengthened but remained modest
                        Real household disposable income increased by 4.1% between         over the year, increasing by 4.3% between September 2024 and
                        the June 2024 and June 2025 quarters, assisted by income           September 2025, up from 2.8% the previous year.
                        tax cuts, falling inflation, lower mortgage interest rates, and
                                                                                           Between August 2024 and October 2025, the Reserve Bank of
                        growth in wage income. Business operating profits fell 3.8%
                                                                                           New Zealand (RBNZ) lowered the Official Cash Rate (OCR) from
                        between the June 2024 and June 2025 quarters, as mining
                                                                                           5.50% to 2.50%. This included a 0.50% reduction in its October
                        sector profits declined by 11.6%, with non-mining sector profits
                                                                                           2025 meeting at which the RBNZ also indicated that it was open
                        rising slightly by 0.8%.
                                                                                           to further reductions in the OCR.
                        Indicators of agricultural conditions have been positive.
                                                                                           Assisted by the easing in monetary policy and high commodity
                        Between September 2024 and September 2025 prices for
                                                                                           prices, GDP growth is expected to improve from the
                        agricultural commodities (weighted by production) increased
                                                                                           September quarter 2025 onwards, and the unemployment rate
                        by over 10% in Australian dollar terms. Winter crop production
                                                                                           is likely close to its peak for this cycle.
                        rose in 2024-2025 and a similar crop is projected for 2025-2026.
                        The labour market has loosened modestly:                           Outlook
                        •    While the unemployment rate has edged up to 4.5% in           The outlook for the Group’s financial performance and
                             September 2025, this is low by historical standards and       outcomes is closely linked to the levels of economic activity in
                             other indicators, such as job vacancies, are healthy.         each of the Group’s key markets outlined above.




                        12     National Australia Bank
                        Creating value
                        NAB creates value for customers, colleagues and communities in a variety of ways using key resources.


                                                                                                                                                                                                      About
                                                                                                NAB's key resources
                         Customer relationships                                   Colleagues                                                Finance

                                                                                                                                                                                                   this report
                         Customers who trust us and choose us to                  Customer obsessed colleagues who are                      Access to capital through deposits and
                         be their bank                                            proud to work at NAB                                      wholesale funding markets

                         Risk management and balance sheet                        Technology and data capabilities                          Community relationships
                         Strong foundations and proactive risk                    Safe, resilient technology coupled with                   Partnerships and
                         management capabilities                                  the ethical use of data                                   stakeholder engagement


                                                                                                                                                                                                   Our business

                                                                                                                                                                                                      in 2025
                                                                                              NAB's business activities
                         NAB delivers its strategy (page 11) and creates value for stakeholders through the following business activities:
                         •   Holding deposits for customers.                                               •   Helping customers invest through online brokerage.




                                                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value
                         •   Providing transaction banking services.                                       •   Providing advisory services.




For personal use only
                         •   Lending money to retail, business and                                         •   Investing in a capable, qualified and inclusive workforce.
                             institutional customers.                                                      •   Helping NAB's customers, colleagues and their communities
                         •   Helping customers mitigate and manage risk.                                       withstand and recover from natural disasters.
                         •   Providing financing to support sustainability priority
                             areas; climate action, affordable housing and First
                             Nations business.
                         •   Providing payments services and supporting customers with
                             trade and capital flows.

                                                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Governance
                                                                                               The value NAB creates                                                                               Statement
                                                                                          Supporting customers in 2025


                                                                                          •   $658 billion in deposits managed
                                          •   $103 billion in new home lending.                                                              •   $128 billion in new business lending(1).
                                                                                              for retail and business customers.

                         (1) New and increased limits for new and existing customers, including the gross value of any transfers from existing customers into new products.                           Risk

                                                                                   NAB's economic value distributed in 2025                                                                        management

                                                                          Payments made for the provision of utilities, goods and services.
                                        Suppliers                                                                                                                                  $7.0 bn
                                                                          $26.4 million spent with First Nations suppliers, against $18 million target in 2025.



                                                                                                                                                                                                     Report of

                                                                                                                                                                                                   the Directors
                                        Community investment              Community partnerships, donations, grants, in-kind support and volunteering(2).                          $36.6 m




                                        Shareholders                      Dividend payments to more than 540,000 registered shareholders.                                          $5.2 bn




                                                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report
                                        Colleagues                        Colleague salaries, superannuation contributions and incentives.                                         $5.6 bn




                                                                          Payments made to governments in the form of the Bank Levy ($420 million paid)
                                        Governments                       plus $3.9 billion in income taxes, goods and services taxes, fringe benefit taxes                        $4.3 bn

                                                                                                                                                                                                    Additional
                                                                          and payroll taxes among others.



                                                                                                                                                                                                   information
                                                                          Total economic value distributed                                                                        $22.1 bn
                         (2) This includes foregone fee revenue, management costs, cash contributions and in-kind contributions. For a detailed breakdown of
                         the categories included within the Group's community investment, refer to the 'Community' tab in the 2025 Sustainability Data Pack.




                                                                                                                                                                      2025 Annual Report     13
                        Customers
                        In 2025, NAB continued to advance its ambition to be the most customer-centric company in
                        Australia and New Zealand. We strive to help deliver exceptional experiences for our ~10 million
                        customers by executing our strategy with discipline, investing persistently, and building a culture of
                        customer obsession.

                        Leading customer advocacy
                        This year, NAB introduced a new enterprise-wide customer advocacy model to ensure customer feedback directly shapes
                        decisions and priorities. At the heart of this approach is NAB Customer Voices, which enables us to hear what matters most to
                        our customers, understand the 'why' behind it and be part of creating solutions and improvements for our customers.
                        Stronger advocacy increases the likelihood customers will choose NAB for a broader range of financial needs – from everyday
                        banking to long-term goals. Progress is tracked through the strategic Net Promoter Score (NPS)(1).
                        Through NAB Customer Voices, teams across the bank listen, learn and act on customer insights, embedding feedback into daily
                        decision-making and creating shared accountability for delivering improved customer experiences.

                        Customer advocacy: a three-pillar approach

                        Key Customer Experiences
                        These are the moments that matter most to our customers. Drawing on their feedback, service insights, and independent




For personal use only
                        benchmarking, we identified key moments in the customer journey where we can make the greatest impact. These experiences
                        now guide our efforts, helping us focus on areas with the highest potential to improve banking interactions and deliver
                        lasting value.

                        Customer Feedback
                        NAB colleagues who interact with customers daily – such as, in contact centres or branches - now follow regular listen, learn, and
                        act practices to resolve issues quickly and continuously improve services. More than 180 teams now embed this into their daily
                        work, resulting in over 750 individual actions taken in 2025 to enhance customer experience.
                        When customer-facing teams identify broader challenges, these are escalated to relevant teams - such as product, technology,
                        marketing and other functions - for solution design and implementation. In 2025, more than 120 experience improvements were
                        delivered, ensuring lasting benefits for customers.
                        Across the organisation, teams are working together to act on customer feedback with both speed and scale – translating
                        insights into better experiences today and stronger outcomes tomorrow.

                        Measuring Experience Performance
                        To ensure we deliver against customer expectations, experience performance is measured through three interconnected
                        lenses: Operational Metrics, Episode Experiences, and Channel Experiences, with external factors also considered.
                        These dimensions reflect the underlying processes, end-to-end customer journeys, and interactions with customer-facing
                        teams. At their intersection lies Strategic NPS, which provides a holistic view of customer relationships and experience quality. By
                        combining these perspectives, NAB continues to guide improvements, ensure accountability, and strengthen engagement and
                        long-term relationships.



                                                                                                                             Episode Experiences
                                                                                                                             How customers feel after              1
                                                                                                                             going through an experience
                                                       1                                          2                          end-to-end


                                                               Episode             Channel                                   Channel Experiences
                                                           Experiences             Experiences                               How customers feel about
                                                                                                                             their experiences with                2
                                                                                                                             customer-facing teams

                                                                           xxxx
                                                                       Strategic                                             Operational Metrics
                                                                          NPS                                                Underlying processes and
                                                           Operational             External                                  behaviours that directly              3
                                                              Metrics              Factors                                   influence customer
                                                                                                                             experience


                                                       3                                          4                          External Factors
                                                                                                                             Economic conditions, shifting
                                                                                                                                                                   4
                                                                                                                             consumer behaviours, and
                                                                                                                             trends that influence overall
                                                                                                                             customer sentiment




                         (1) Net Promoter® and NPS® are registered trademarks and Net Promoter Score and Net Promoter Systems are trademarks of Bain & Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc., and
                             Fred Reichheld. Net Promoter ScoreSM is a service mark of Bain & Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc., and Fred Reichheld.


                        14   National Australia Bank
                         Customers (cont.)




                         How customer feedback is driving change
                         Customers expect banking to be straightforward and dependable, and they notice quickly when it is not. Feedback plays a key                                                                                                        About
                         role not only in fixing issues, but in shaping the redesign of experiences to better meet customer needs.
                         This focus is already delivering meaningful change. Examples include:                                                                                                                                                           this report
                         •                   Simplified home loan repayments: A new in-app feature which helped more than 80,000 customers adjust their repayments
                                             quickly, without needing to call.
                         •                   Extended access: Saturday trading hours extended and additional ATMs installed at high-demand locations, ensuring
                                             availability when customers need it most.
                         •                   Small improvements with big impact: Customer-facing teams delivered hundreds of enhancements such as welcome
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Our business
                                             activities for Business Transaction Accounts so customers can quickly leverage their accounts in a way that works for them.

                         Customer insights and priorities(1)                                                                                                                                                                                                in 2025

                                               Mass Consumer                                                            Business                                                                Large Corporate & Institutional

                                               5                                                                        5                                                                      60




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                               50
                                                                                                                        0




                        Net Promoter Score                                                       Net Promoter Score                                                       Net Promoter Score
                                               0                                                                                                                                               40
                                                                                                                       -5
                                                                                                                                                                                               30

                                              -5
                                                                                                                      -10                                                                      20


                                                                                                                      -15                                                                      10
                                             -10
                                                                                                                                                                                                0
                                                   Sep 24         Mar 25                Sep 25                              Sep 24         Mar 25                Sep 25

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                                    2020   2021    2022   2023    2024      2025

                                                            NAB   Peers (Major Banks)                                                NAB   Peers (Major Banks)                                               NAB      Peers (Major Banks)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Governance
                         Aligned with NAB’s ambition to lead in sustained customer advocacy and relationship primacy, targets combine absolute NPS
                         improvement and peer-relative NPS rank.                                                                                                                                                                                         Statement
                         In 2025, we saw improvement across Consumer and Business compared to the 2024 baseline, with a one point decline in NPS for
                         Corporate and Institutional Banking. NAB achieved the #1 rank in Medium and Large Business(2) Customer Advocacy.

                         Looking ahead
                         NAB is broadening how customer feedback is captured - across more moments, channels and in real time - to deepen insight                                                                                                           Risk
                         into what matters most to customers and ensure every improvement is grounded in customer needs and delivers lasting value in

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         management
                         everyday banking.



                                             Customer performance measures
                                             Additional detail on the Group’s customer-related
                                             performance is provided in our 2025 Sustainability Data

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Report of
                                             Pack available at nab.com.au/annualreports.



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Additional
                                      (1) Mass Consumer NPS sourced from RFI Global – Atlas, measured on 6 month rolling average to September 2025. Based on all consumers, 18+ and excludes consumers
                                          with personal income of $260k+ and/or investible assets $2.5m+ and/or footings of over $850k. Business NPS sourced from RFI Global – Atlas, measured on 6 month


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         information
                                          rolling average to September 2025. Based on all business customers. Large Corporate & Institutional NPS source: Coalition Greenwich Voice of Client Studies (formerly
                                          Peter Lee Associates). All data taken from the most recently available survey and rankings are against the four major domestic banks. Coalition Greenwich is a division
                                          of Crisil. Large Corporate & Institutional Relationship Banking Survey June 2025.
                                      (2) Medium and Large Business NPS sourced from RFI Global – Atlas, measured on 6 month rolling average to September 2025. Based on business customers with a turnover
                                          $5m-<$200m. Ranking based on absolute scores, not statistically significant differences and compared against Big 4 peers.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                      2025 Annual Report           15
                        Customers (cont.)




                        Powering exceptional customer experiences
                        In 2025, we advanced our technology modernisation                Safe and resilient
                        agenda by streamlining systems, simplifying processes,           Delivering safe, reliable banking services is fundamental to
                        and embedding smarter, faster, and safer digital solutions.      NAB’s role. In 2025, we continued to strengthen our technology
                        These efforts delivered value to customers, colleagues, and      foundations, building on a multi-year cloud first strategy
                        communities by:                                                  with 90% of applications migrated to the public cloud. This
                        •    Driving faster decisions and building resilient systems     significant milestone reflects years of sustained investment
                             which reduced complexity, and responded to evolving         and has created a more secure and safer environment with
                             customer expectations.                                      consistent service availability.
                        •    Simplifying everyday banking with innovative payment        Our focus on resilience delivered strong results. NAB achieved
                             solutions such as NAB PayByBank and NAB Liquidity+.         99.95% average availability across our most important services.
                        •    Equipping colleagues with generative AI tools to solve      Independent RBA analysis confirmed NAB led the industry
                             complex customer problems more efficiently.                 in payment service reliability across two of the past
                                                                                         four quarters. By simplifying our technology environment,
                        •    Personalising customer interactions at scale through AI
                                                                                         modernising systems and migrating to cloud, we’ve reduced
                             powered platforms such as the Customer Brain.
                                                                                         critical and high customer impacting incidents by 85% since
                        Customer-centric                                                 2018, reflecting steady progress in building a more resilient
                                                                                         and responsive bank.
                        NAB’s Technology Strategy is anchored in customer-




For personal use only
                        centricity. In 2025, we continued investing in digital           Artificial Intelligence
                        capabilities that deliver faster, safer and more personalised
                                                                                         In 2025, NAB continued to invest in all types of AI including
                        banking experiences.
                                                                                         generative AI, and emerging capabilities like agentic AI,
                        We advanced NAB Gateway, our eCommerce solution                  recognising its potential to enhance customer experience
                        supporting merchants of all sizes with secure, scalable          and improve efficiency. Our focus has been on applying AI
                        and integrated payment capabilities. This enables seamless       in ways that solve real business problems, such as reducing
                        management of transactions, fraud protection, and                home loan processing times, supporting our paralegal team
                        settlement through a single interface. In 2026, we will          with quicker reviews of trust deeds for customer loan
                        introduce new features to further improve reliability,           applications and uplifting our banker experience tools so they
                        functionality and customer experience.                           can respond to customer queries.
                        We completed a major migration to a fully digital business       All AI initiatives are governed by NAB’s AI Framework, which
                        lending origination platform, transforming the customer and      aligns with the Australian Government AI Ethical Principles, and
                        banker experience with faster, simpler, and more resilient       integrates with our risk, change and security practices. We
                        processes. This enables digital origination, automated           review how personal information is used and assess AI use
                        verification and decisioning.                                    cases for ethical considerations, including bias, discrimination
                        Several innovative, business focused solutions were launched,    and Indigenous Data Sovereignty.
                        such as NAB PayByBank—a fast, secure way for customers to        To build capability, we introduced an AI learning program
                        initiate digital payments; NAB Portal Pay—enabling real-time     including a proprietary foundations course available to all
                        collection of property sales deposits and tenant payments;       NAB colleagues. This is complemented by regular learning
                        and NAB Liquidity+, an AI-enabled cash management solution       and development sessions on technical skills and to raise
                        with real-time visibility and control.                           awareness to colleagues on issues, risks and the application
                        We also introduced real-time fraud checks, instant               of human rights in the use of technology.
                        credit decisioning and digital card provisioning allowing        With over 100 initiatives now in pilot or production, AI is
                        customers to use their cards instantly. We transitioned key      increasingly embedded in how we work, helping us make
                        components of our legacy payments’ infrastructure to a           faster, more informed decisions, reduce manual effort, and
                        cloud-native platform, enabling 24/7 payment capability and      deliver more personalised support to customers.
                        improving reliability.
                        These advancements reflect our commitment to delivering          Customer Brain
                        simple, secure and seamless experiences. In 2026, we will        Now in its third year, NAB’s 'Customer Brain' – an AI powered
                        continue to improve access to banking by digitising services     engagement engine, delivers personalised, timely and relevant
                        and streamlining processes to enhance customer experience.       interactions across channels. It determines the ‘next best
                                                                                         action’ for each customer, whether through real time digital
                        Simple and fast                                                  channels or proactive outreach. These actions are tailored
                        We are simplifying and modernising our technology                to individual needs and behaviours, ranging from service
                        environment to better serve our customers. A key milestone       prompts, fraud alerts, loyalty offers and refinance options,
                        was migrating our Customer Due Diligence processes to a          ensuring customer value remains central to every interaction.
                        secure, integrated platform to consolidate customer profiles,    In 2025 the Brain delivered ~350 next best actions,
                        account data and transaction histories and improve fraud         spanning service, engagement and sales. It contributed to
                        detection and resolution speed.                                  improved strategic NPS for home lending customers by
                        We retired 149 legacy business applications and expanded         enhancing moments that matter, offering property insights,
                        access to a secure, enterprise-wide customer relationship        product tips and recognition of key milestones. Business
                        platform, now used by 84% of our bankers. This platform          banking customers benefitted from more personalised
                        provides real-time visibility into customer needs, streamlined   service, broader product access, and proactive digital
                        workflows, and intuitive dashboards to help bankers deliver      safety guidance.
                        more personalised support.




                        16     National Australia Bank
                        Customers (cont.)




                        Protecting customers                                                escalation pathways and structured response plans to ensure
                                                                                            timely and effective handling of breaches, particularly those
                        We safeguard our customers by working to prevent scams
                                                                                            involving personal data. Regular training and support help
                                                                                                                                                                      About
                        and fraud, enforcing strong privacy and data ethics standards,
                                                                                            our teams identify and respond to potential issues quickly
                        managing customer data responsibly, strengthening cyber
                                                                                            and responsibly.
                                                                                                                                                                   this report
                        security, and disrupting financial crime.
                                                                                            Collection and access to customer data
                        Scams and fraud
                                                                                            Respecting our customers’ privacy is fundamental, and our
                        Protecting customers from scams and fraud remains a top
                                                                                            Privacy Policy outlines how personal information is collected,
                        priority. In 2025, the number of scams reported by NAB
                                                                                            why it’s needed, who it may be shared with, and customer
                        customers decreased by 4% year-on-year, averaging 1,750
                                                                                            rights. Customers can access or correct their personal data,

                                                                                                                                                                   Our business
                        cases per month. Customer losses also declined by 12% over
                                                                                            including credit information and opt out of direct marketing at
                        the same period. These improvements reflect ongoing efforts
                                                                                            any time.
                        to raise awareness and reduce the impact of scams and

                                                                                                                                                                      in 2025
                        fraud. Key initiatives in 2025 included:                            We take steps to protect our customers’ personal information
                                                                                            from misuse, interference, loss, and unauthorised access.
                        •   Confirmation of Payee: Enables online banking customers
                            to verify the payee’s bank details before proceeding with a
                                                                                            Keeping our customers, communities and financial
                            transaction, supporting more informed decision-making.
                                                                                            systems safe and resilient
                        •   Behavioural biometrics investment: Deployment of




                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value




For personal use only
                            advanced scam detection capabilities through BioCatch,          Technology resilience
                            including real-time intelligence sharing via BioCatch Trust     In 2025, NAB continued to strengthen our technology
                            and the use of the BioCatch mule model to proactively           foundations, building established cloud infrastructure and
                            disrupt fraud.                                                  modernising systems to improve service reliability and
                        •   In-branch education: Continued distribution of scam             responsiveness. These efforts delivered tangible benefits
                            prevention materials to help bankers raise customer             for customers and colleagues, enhancing service availability,
                            awareness and promote proactive protection.                     reducing complexity and ensuring continuity of service amid
                        •   Awareness campaigns: Regular education initiatives such         rising fraud and cyber threats.

                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate
                            as NAB’s ‘Red Flags’ campaign to help customers recognise
                                                                                            Cyber security
                            and respond to scam indicators.
                                                                                                                                                                  Governance
                                                                                            As a critical part of Australia’s financial infrastructure, NAB
                        •   Industry collaboration: Participated in policy development
                                                                                            remains a target for increasingly sophisticated cyber threats.
                                                                                                                                                                   Statement
                            and initiatives including the incoming Scams Prevention
                            Framework and support for the Scam-Safe Accord,                 Over the past six years, we’ve made substantial investments
                            a collective agreement among Australian Banking                 to strengthen our cyber defences and technology risk
                            Association (ABA) members to reduce scam threats.               management to better protect our business, customers,
                                                                                            and the broader community. Our defences are continuously
                        In 2025, NAB continued to:
                                                                                            enhanced through proactive measures, including cyber-

                                                                                                                                                                      Risk
                        •   Refine biometric technology in digital channels to help         attack simulations and rapid remediation programs in
                            identify fraudulent activity earlier, reducing financial loss   response to global threats.


                                                                                                                                                                   management
                            and improving trust in digital banking.
                                                                                            NAB’s Security Strategy aligns with the National Institute of
                        •   Identify and block payments to high-risk                        Standards and Technology (NIST) Cyber Security Framework
                            cryptocurrency platforms.                                       and is regularly assessed to ensure they remain fit for
                        •   Work with industry members to expand intelligence sharing       purpose. We work closely with government, law enforcement
                            to identify and disrupt fraud and scam activity, leading to     and industry peers to share intelligence, collaborate on
                            faster intervention and reduced customer impact.                threat disruption, and strengthen national cyber resilience.

                                                                                                                                                                     Report of
                        •   Partner with law enforcement and Government agencies            Our threat intelligence capability provides deep insights into
                            to target organised criminal groups responsible for scams       the risks most critical to the bank, supporting timely and
                                                                                            informed decision-making.

                                                                                                                                                                   the Directors
                            and fraud targeting NAB and our customers.
                                                                                            Customer protection remains a strong focus. In 2025,
                        Privacy management and data ethics                                  we extended our cyber security partnerships to improve
                        NAB’s transparent, compliant, and ethical collection and use        customer resilience and offered software solutions to
                        of data is key to building trust with customers and colleagues.     support business customers. Education also remained a
                                                                                            priority, with the Security Hub at nab.com.au/security offering




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report
                        Protecting customer and colleague privacy                           alerts, articles and practical advice. We delivered 134 cyber
                        Protecting customer privacy is a core responsibility. We have       security and scam insight sessions across the country,
                        clear standards for how personal information is collected,          reaching ~11,000 customers and community members. Over
                        used, and secured. This is embedded in our day-to-day               the past five years, more than 38,500 people have participated
                        operations and reinforced through regular training.                 in NAB-led sessions aimed at helping protect against cyber
                                                                                            threats and scams.
                        Our internal standards go beyond legal requirements, guiding
                        decisions about the use of data in areas like analytics,            Internally, we strengthened our cyber culture through
                        machine learning, AI and sharing with external partners. We         increased phishing simulations, mandatory training, and
                        consider not only whether NAB can use data, but whether we          targeted awareness sessions. Our volunteer security

                                                                                                                                                                    Additional
                        should. These standards ensure data is used appropriately           champions continue to play a key role in upskilling colleagues
                        and in line with community expectations.                            and sharing critical security information across the enterprise.

                                                                                                                                                                   information
                        In 2025, NAB reported one notifiable data breach to regulators,     Governance frameworks matured further in 2025, providing
                        which was handled confidentially and in line with our               consistent oversight of technology and third-party risks.
                        privacy and incident response protocols. We have clear              Our structure enables timely identification, escalation


                                                                                                                                      2025 Annual Report     17
                        Customers (cont.)




                        and mitigation of threats, aligned to NAB’s broader risk               •   Deploying additional sanctions intelligence lists to our
                        management framework. The Group Information Risk Policy                    sanctions screening program to identify transactions
                        supports this by safeguarding confidentiality, integrity, and              presenting elevated sanctions risk.
                        quality of information. This is underpinned by a suite of              •   Implementing an Anti-Bribery & Corruption (ABC)
                        policies, systems and controls that ensure risks are managed.              Compliance Program to manage and mitigate bribery
                        The Board receives regular updates on the threat                           and corruption risk, with key requirements of this
                        landscape and performance metrics and participates in                      Program published in our Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy
                        cyber simulations alongside executive management, to test                  (available at nab.com.au). In 2025, the ABC compliance
                        and strengthen NAB’s readiness. These practices ensure                     program focused on completing the Enterprise Wide Risk
                        NAB remains vigilant, responsive and resilient in an evolving              Assessment, which was reported to the Board.
                        risk environment.                                                      Throughout the year, we collaborated closely with Australian
                                                                                               law enforcement, regulators and government agencies to
                        Financial crime
                                                                                               combat serious and organised crime impacting customers,
                        Financial crime has a devastating impact on customers and              our community, and NAB. Through our Fintel Alliance
                        communities. NAB has zero tolerance for criminal activity              membership, Memoranda of Understanding with the Australian
                        and remains dedicated to effectively managing financial                Federal Police, Australian Criminal Intelligence Commission,
                        crime risk, keeping customers, communities, and the financial          and Queensland Police Service, as well as partnerships
                        system safe.                                                           with state-based policing agencies, NAB contributed to
                        We play an important role in monitoring and reporting                  the national effort to disrupt serious criminal activity.




For personal use only
                        suspicious activity and complying with anti-bribery and                This included matters related to national security, human
                        corruption, economic and trade sanctions, and Anti-                    impact crimes including child exploitation, sextortion, money
                        Money Laundering (AML) / Counter Terrorism Financing                   laundering, fraud, scams and cybercrime. We also worked
                        (CTF) regulations.                                                     closely with non-government organisations such as the
                                                                                               International Centre for Missing and Exploited Children, where
                        On 25 July, AUSTRAC confirmed the cancellation of
                                                                                               NAB representatives contributed to the prevention of child
                        NAB’s Enforceable Undertaking. NAB continues its work in
                                                                                               sexual exploitation.
                        response to the final report issued by the Enforceable
                        Undertaking Independent Auditor, including implementation              In 2025, NAB increased proactive referrals to law enforcement
                        of all recommendations. Ongoing work includes remediation              on financial abuse and elder abuse to protect vulnerable
                        of applicable customer identification processes (ACIP),                customers. We have taken a leadership role with banking
                        integration of ubank, and enhancements to transaction                  partners, law enforcement agencies including the Queensland
                        monitoring and mule account management.                                Police Service, AUSTRAC and First Nations advocacy groups
                                                                                               to promote awareness and education of scambling, a type
                        NAB is making significant enhancements to deter, detect,
                                                                                               of online scam luring people to illegal, fraudulent gambling
                        disrupt and prevent financial crime. These include:
                                                                                               websites advertised on social media. While a national issue,
                        •    Building new customer behavioural analytics models to             scambling disproportionally impacts First Nations customers.
                             move NAB towards a more customer-centric approach
                                                                                               NAB’s Financial Crime Intelligence and Risk Assessment
                             to risk management and Perpetual Know Your Customer,
                                                                                               function supports our response to financial crime risks by
                             allowing NAB to focus efforts on customers engaging in
                                                                                               enhancing our ability to identify and understand emerging
                             suspicious activity and minimising touchpoints for lower
                                                                                               threats. We use data and AI-driven tools to monitor
                             risk customers who are acting appropriately.
                                                                                               changes in financial crime risk over time and help build
                        •    Enhancing the AML/CTF Program and preventative and                a clearer picture of why risks evolve, and how we can
                             detective controls to better mitigate current and emerging        respond. Strategic partnerships with government and non-
                             financial crime risks.                                            government organisations enable the sharing of expertise and
                        •    Accelerating transformation of financial crime risk               development of new capability to proactively identify financial
                             management capabilities, supported by significant                 crime risks, including fraud and child sex exploitation. We
                             investment in modernising technology and data                     actively contribute to the development of AUSTRAC’s Fintel
                             infrastructure. These enhancements make it easier to              Alliance Collaborative Analytics Hub, with NAB intelligence
                             protect customers and identify criminals, position us             analysts working alongside other banking partners to uncover
                             strongly to respond to imminent legislative reforms               previously hidden criminal patterns.
                             and further strengthen transaction monitoring and                 For more information on how NAB protects itself and its
                             assurance frameworks.                                             customers against financial crime, visit nab.com.au/about-us/
                        •    Deploying a streamlined case management system to                 corporate-governance/managing-financial-crime.
                             improve financial crime investigations, with further rollout
                             planned in 2026.
                        •    Rolling out Generative AI functionality to hundreds of
                             transaction monitoring investigators, reducing manual
                             handling times and increasing risk identification. The use
                             of Generative AI and machine learning continues to evolve,
                             with further expansion planned throughout 2026 and 2027
                             to cover emerging typologies and complex financial crimes.
                        •    Providing financial crime training to colleagues, the Board,
                             Executive Leadership Team and subsidiary directors to
                             support their role in mitigating financial crime risk. Training
                             topics include anti-money laundering/counter-terrorism
                             financing, anti-bribery and corruption, economic and trade
                             sanctions, and fraud and scams.


                        18     National Australia Bank
                        Customers (cont.)




                                                                                                                  rollout of a new approach to hardship conversations within
                             Governance and accountability                                                        our Collections and Hardship teams.


                                                                                                                                                                                                             About
                             The Board oversees and governs strategies and                                        Our Customer Vulnerability Framework for 2024 to 2026
                             performance of enablers critical to NAB’s business,                                  (available at nab.com.au/customersupport) outlines NAB's

                                                                                                                                                                                                          this report
                             including technology, cyber resilience and information                               priorities for supporting customers experiencing vulnerability.
                             security. Throughout 2025, workshops and regular
                             updates were provided to the Board and its Risk &                                    Providing our customers extra care
                             Compliance Committee on these topics. To support                                     The NAB Customer Support Hub provides specialised care
                             the Board in its oversight duties as well as directors’                              for customers in vulnerable circumstances. In the past
                             continuing education, independent experts provide                                    year we supported 5,911 customers including 1,782 individuals
                             specialised advice to the Board and Executives
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Our business
                                                                                                                  experiencing financial abuse and/or domestic and family
                             on business-led technology modernisation and on                                      violence. In addition 169,507 abusive transactions were
                             transformation programs.                                                             blocked via online and mobile banking. We provide tailored

                                                                                                                                                                                                             in 2025
                             For further information on governance, refer to pages                                support for customers experiencing domestic and family
                             49 to 72 of the Corporate Governance Statement.                                      violence, including making their banking safe, and providing
                                                                                                                  extra account security, financial assistance, and referrals to
                                                                                                                  community partners where appropriate.
                        Supporting customers                                                                      Building financial resilience




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Creating value




For personal use only
                        We're here to support our customers in the face of                                        We support customers in managing their money by providing
                        uncertainty and help them on their path to financial recovery                             a number of tools and support options. In 2025 the Financial
                        and resilience.                                                                           Assistance Hub was launched on nab.com.au, a central
                                                                                                                  location where customers can easily access information
                        Customers in vulnerable circumstance
                                                                                                                  about available support during periods of financial stress.
                        The NAB Care team is the main point of contact for personal                               A range of easy-to-use tools is available via NAB's digital
                        and small business customers experiencing financial hardship                              channels - including Savings Spaces, Upcoming Bill Prediction,
                        or vulnerability. This team works with our customers to                                   Spending Insights and Budgets. More than one million
                        provide tailored support when customers are experiencing                                  customers used these tools during the year. We aim to
                        financial difficulty or vulnerability. In the current economic                            expand usage further to support improved financial health                               Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Governance
                        environment, the main reasons for hardship include cost of                                and wellbeing.
                        living, unemployment, underemployment, reduced income, and
                                                                                                                  NAB also continues its long standing commitment to helping
                        medical related events and challenges.
                                                                                                                  people access mainstream banking services, particularly                                 Statement
                        Customers are offered support measures such as reduced                                    those with limited financial capability, poor credit history or
                        repayments, payment breaks, loan reviews and restructurings.                              lower income. For 22 years, NAB has partnered with Good
                        In addition to tailoring support with their NAB products, we                              Shepherd Australia New Zealand to provide access to No
                        partner with industry-leading not for profit organisations to                             Interest Loans (NILs) - loans that incur no interest or fees, and

                                                                                                                                                                                                             Risk
                        complement our assistance programs(1).                                                    don’t require security.
                        In 2025, NAB provided customers with financial support                                    In 2025, NAB helped 35,032 people access $58.7 million in

                                                                                                                                                                                                          management
                        on 39,620 accounts(2). Improvements made during the                                       NILs through the provision of zero-interest capital and other
                        year included:                                                                            support. Since 2003, NAB has provided more than 450,000
                        •    Training all customer-facing teams to identify customers                             microfinance loans valued at $605.6 million, supporting more
                             experiencing hardship or vulnerability, enabling referral to                         than one million Australians on low incomes.
                             specialist teams for the appropriate support.
                                                                                                                  Training and capability
                        •    Increasing the number of colleagues in our NAB Care teams.

                                                                                                                                                                                                            Report of
                                                                                                                  In 2025, NAB delivered learning modules to more than 30,000
                        •    Partnering with industry experts to deliver new training
                                                                                                                  colleagues to build and refresh capability in identifying red
                             focused on supporting customers during hardship

                                                                                                                                                                                                          the Directors
                                                                                                                  flags of financial abuse and domestic violence. The training
                             or vulnerability.
                                                                                                                  reinforced NAB’s commitment to customers under the Banking
                        •    Improving access to support in remote communities                                    Code of Practice 2025.
                             by supporting, financing or attending community led
                             initiatives such as Financial Awareness Week and Financial                           Building more inclusive and accessible banking
                             Counsellor conferences.                                                              NAB aims to provide products and services to support




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Financial report
                        In 2025, NAB reaffirmed its commitment to supporting                                      the diverse needs of our customers and communities.
                        customers experiencing vulnerability through the                                          By fostering an inclusive workplace, where all colleagues
                        development of the internal Extra Care strategy and                                       feel confident being themselves, we can better serve
                        plan. Particular focus is placed on supporting customers                                  our customers.
                        experiencing financial abuse, those recovering from natural                               The 2025-2026 Accessibility Action Plan (AAP), launched this
                        disasters and the economic empowerment of First                                           year, outlines NAB’s formal commitment to accessibility.
                        Nations communities.
                                                                                                                  The AAP highlights advances made over the past two years.
                        Our aim is to identify customer vulnerability as early as                                 This includes the development of communication ‘Preference
                        possible. Across our customer-facing teams, NAB is enhancing                              Cards’ to support customers communication needs during
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Additional
                        the capability and confidence in recognising signs of                                     branch visits and the introduction of new Easy English Guides
                        vulnerability, and leveraging behavioural insights to redesign                            making important information clearer and simple.

                                                                                                                                                                                                          information
                        how we approach customer conversations. This includes the
                            (1) For more details on Customer Support, refer to nab.com.au/customersupport.
                            (2) Accounts that received financial hardship assistance at any point in time over the 12 month period. Additionally, accounts managed by Strategic Business Services
                                (SBS), and migrated White Label branded Citi credit cards (Kogan, Coles, Qantas) are included.


                                                                                                                                                                          2025 Annual Report        19
                        Customers (cont.)




                        NAB was also accredited by the Australian Disability Network                             Supporting First Nations
                        as a ‘Disability Confident Recruiter’ and recognised as the ‘Top                         economic empowerment
                        Performer for Employee Experience’.
                                                                                                                 We seek to leverage our strength in business banking, to
                        An 'Empathy Lab' was created to provide colleagues with                                  support self-determination by financing the fast-growing First
                        a hands-on, interactive experience to simulate real-world                                Nations economy.
                        challenges faced by people with accessibility needs.
                                                                                                                 Financing ambition
                                                                                                                 NAB's ambition is to double its lending to First Nations
                             Building accessibility awareness and capability                                     businesses and community organisations that deliver benefits
                             NAB developed the 'Empathy Lab' to grow understanding                               to First Nations peoples - from $417.2 million in 2023 to at least
                             of accessibility needs experienced by customers                                     $1 billion by the end of calendar year 2026.
                             and colleagues.                                                                     NAB’s lending reached $673.2 million as at August 2025. Growth
                             The Lab's key objective is to embed inclusion into                                  was driven primarily by an increase in the number of eligible
                             NAB's culture through hands-on, interactive experiences                             customers we lend to, as well as an increase in the total
                             that simulate real-world challenges faced by customers                              lending balance of existing customers. While we are pleased
                             and colleagues with accessibility needs. For example,                               to see accelerated growth, we know that achieving our
                             participants may wear glasses that simulate low vision                              ambition will be challenging.
                             while attempting to perform everyday banking tasks.
                                                                                                                 Progress towards NAB’s First Nations lending ambition(1)




For personal use only
                             Early participation in the Empathy Lab has helped
                             colleagues to:
                             •    Experience the friction of exclusion.
                             •    Gain first-hand insight into barriers encountered
                                  by people with a range of accessibility needs,
                                  including motor and physical disabilities, cognitive
                                  impairments, and neurodivergence.
                             These sessions build deeper understanding and
                             empathy, empowering colleagues to advocate for
                             inclusive and accessible banking products and services.
                             Participation in the Empathy Lab program is building a
                             shared commitment to improving experiences for all
                             customers and championing accessibility across NAB.
                                                                                                                 Supply chain
                                                                                                                 Spend with First Nations suppliers increased from $15.1 million
                        Customers at the heart of product design                                                 in 2024 to $26.4 million in 2025 exceeding our target of
                        and management                                                                           $18 million.
                        NAB’s Enterprise Product Governance Lifecycle framework
                                                                                                                 Supporting the self-determining aspirations of First
                        (Products@NAB) places the customer at the heart of
                                                                                                                 Nations peoples
                        design, execution and continuous improvement of our
                        products. Product governance mandates controls across                                    Access to banking
                        the product lifecycle to test the design and operation of
                                                                                                                 NAB has continued to expand and tailor services that make
                        NAB’s products and services against the Customer Outcomes
                                                                                                                 banking more accessible for First Nations customers.
                        Framework for simple and effective products that meet our
                        customers' needs.                                                                        Listening and strengthening community ties
                        NAB reviews inclusion, accessibility and vulnerability                                   NAB has partnerships with First Nations organisations including
                        considerations to evaluate and identify opportunities for                                Jawun and DeadlyScience to advance community priorities.
                        continuous improvement, which informs product strategies
                                                                                                                 NAB draws on feedback from First Nations leaders, customers,
                        and delivery roadmaps.
                                                                                                                 and colleagues to inform decision-making. In 2025 we:
                                                                                                                 •   Grew our First Nations Advisory Group by two First
                                                                                                                     Nations external members to provide guidance on our
                                                                                                                     initiatives and maintain alignment with community and
                                                                                                                     business perspectives.
                                                                                                                 •   Held in-person forums with First Nations colleagues to
                                                                                                                     better understand their experiences, career pathways,
                                                                                                                     leadership growth, cultural immersion and building
                                                                                                                     strong networks.
                                                                                                                 •   Invited First Nations leaders to speak at colleague events
                                                                                                                     about issues that matter to First Nations peoples.


                         (1) Lending position refers to ‘Gross Loans and Advances’ to both direct First Nations Businesses (with >50% First Nations Ownership), and community organisations
                             that deliver benefits to First Nations peoples, identified by NAB’s First Nations business team and/or validated against Supply Nation, Office of the Registrar of
                             Indigenous Corporations (ORIC), Australian Charities and Not-for-profits Commission (ACNC) registered charities. Additional checks performed on ACNC dataset to test
                             relevance. Lending calculated as at 31 August 2025, baseline position ($417.2m) calculated as at 31 August 2023. Reference to the 2026 target end date is calendar year
                             (31 December 2026). In 2025, lending to eligible First Nations businesses and community organisations banked out of our Corporate and Institutional Banking division was
                             included for the first time. This made an immaterial difference (2.1%) to our total lending balance. Prior years have not been restated to include customers classified as
                             eligible during 2025.


                        20       National Australia Bank
                        Customers (cont.)




                        Building cultural capability to support                                                 Affordable and specialist housing
                        meaningful careers                                                                      NAB recognises the need for improved access to housing to

                                                                                                                                                                                                          About
                        By strengthening cultural capability across NAB, we aim to                              support community wellbeing and a strong economy.
                        empower First Nations colleagues to succeed and lead in ways
                        that reflect their aspirations and talents.                                             Affordable and specialist housing financing ambition
                        We’ve taken steps to grow the pipeline of First Nations                                 Over the past three years, NAB focused on supporting                                   this report
                        talent across NAB. Initiatives include targeted recruitment                             affordable and specialist housing(1) and achieved its $6 billion
                        partnerships and an ongoing relationship with CareerTrackers,                           financing ambition ahead of schedule.
                        new internships and early career pathways, and a stronger                               In 2025, this included supporting around 5,000 first home
                        focus on retention, development and leadership progression.                             buyers through the Australian Government 5% Deposit Scheme.

                                                                                                                                                                                                       Our business
                        The number of NAB First Nations colleagues, based on self-                              This group represented a subset of all first-home buyers
                        reporting through the colleague engagement survey was 207                               assisted by NAB under the scheme, with taxable incomes and
                        in 2025. In the past 12 months, 17 intern and 35 trainee                                property values below the national median.
                                                                                                                                                                                                          in 2025
                        positions have been provided. We’re working to create not just
                        jobs, but long-term, meaningful careers.                                                Cumulative financing towards affordable and specialist
                        99.8% of Australian-based colleagues have completed                                     housing (2023-2025, $bn)(1)
                        mandatory cultural learning. Additional, targeted training for
                        specific cohorts was expanded in 2025, with the Indigenous




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Creating value
                        Customer Service Line team, Business Bankers with First




For personal use only
                        Nations customers, and Scam and Fraud teams.
                        The First Nations Employee Resource Group, Walking Together,
                        has grown to 1,386 members (including First Nations and non-
                        First Nations colleagues). The Group advocates for the rights
                        and experiences of First Nations colleagues, creates peer
                        support networks, and guides how we build a culturally safe
                        and inclusive workplace.

                        Progressing our RAP                                                                                                                                                            Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Governance
                        In 2025, NAB instituted a more rigorous reporting mechanism
                        to track delivery of its Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP). We
                        are encouraged by the progress achieved in the first full                                                                                                                      Statement
                        year of our 2024-2027 RAP and grateful for the guidance of
                        First Nations customers, partners and colleagues in driving
                        these outcomes. As we look to the next two years of our RAP                             Expanding our approach: Housing Affordability
                        and beyond, our focus remains on impact, accountability, and
                                                                                                                The Australian housing market is becoming less accessible for

                                                                                                                                                                                                          Risk
                        listening. For more information refer to Reconciliation Action
                                                                                                                the average Australian, with lack of supply pushing up prices
                        Plan 2024-2027.
                                                                                                                faster than wage growth (+17.0% rental prices, +16.8% house

                                                                                                                                                                                                       management
                                                                                                                prices versus +10.1%(2) wage growth) between 2022 and 2025.
                                                                                                                Only 20% of Australian households can afford to buy a house
                           Case study: Empowering First Nations business                                        at the national average price, which surpassed $1 million in
                           through partnerships                                                                 March 2025(3).
                           In 2025, NAB partnered with Fortescue to launch a loan
                                                                                                                NAB recognises an opportunity to take action, aligned to the
                           guarantee initiative that helps First Nations businesses
                                                                                                                Federal Government’s 2024 National Housing Accord.

                                                                                                                                                                                                         Report of
                           access the capital they need to grow.
                           First Nations businesses with a Fortescue supplier                                   Innovation and partnerships
                           contract can now secure funding from NAB, with

                                                                                                                                                                                                       the Directors
                                                                                                                We will use our relationships, capital and capability to support
                           Fortescue guaranteeing the required security.                                        a number of areas.
                           This approach helps First Nations businesses overcome
                           long-standing barriers to accessing finance and                                      Pathways to home ownership
                           empowers them to grow, compete, and succeed.                                         NAB recognises the importance of supporting households
                                                                                                                to access home ownership. The Australian Government 5%




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Financial report
                           King Kira Group, a 100% Aboriginal-owned mining services
                           company in Western Australia, secured one of the                                     Deposit Scheme helps NAB to further support households to
                           first guaranteed loans. Founder and Managing Director                                access home ownership.
                           Tammy O’Connor called the loans a “gamechanger”
                                                                                                                Support for housing supply
                           that will help secure more contracts, drive sustainable
                           growth, and empower her community.                                                   Increasing the supply of housing in Australia is critical. NAB’s
                                                                                                                commercial real estate lending plays an important role in the
                                                                                                                development of new housing. We are also supporting clients
                                                                                                                with a focus on the areas described below:



                         (1) Affordable and specialist housing includes affordable housing, specialist disability accommodation and sustainable housing. This includes loans made under the             Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                       information
                             Australian Government 5% Deposit Scheme (formerly the Home Guarantee Scheme) for properties under the national median house price, and for borrowers with
                             taxable income below the national median household income. Progress is based on total lending facilities committed, where first draw down occurred during the
                             ambition period, or additional funding was provided during the ambition period for a pre-existing loan facility. This number does not reflect debt balance.
                         (2) ABS Wage Price Index; ABS Total Value of Dwellings; ABS Consumer Price Index. Between 2022 and 2025.
                         (3) Based on the income ~$178,000 income required to borrow 80% of a $1 million house price; Grattan Institute 2025 Budget Cheat Sheet; ABS Total Value of Dwellings.


                                                                                                                                                                        2025 Annual Report       21
                        Customers (cont.)




                        •     Build-to-rent: NAB supports the growth of build-to-rent
                              in Australia as an innovative model to help people on
                              all income levels - especially essential workers – access
                              quality homes in central locations.
                        •     Community housing providers (CHPs): CHPs are a growing
                              subset of the housing sector and provide bespoke, often
                              wraparound, services for people on low incomes, essential
                              workers and young people. NAB will continue to support
                              financing opportunities for future CHP projects supported
                              by the Housing Australia Future Fund, particularly through
                              development finance.

                        Increased use of modern methods of construction
                        NAB welcomed the Government’s commitment to invest
                        $54 million to help supercharge prefabricated and modular
                        home construction. We participated in Treasury working
                        groups to progress an industry wide approach and worked to
                        refine our own approach.




For personal use only
                        Housing affordability financing ambition
                        NAB has set a new and expanded ambition to provide
                        $60 billion in financing to address housing affordability by
                        2030(1). This ambition comprises:
                        •     $30 billion in financing to address supply of commercial
                              real estate development projects where the underlying
                              use is predominantly residential, and all financing of
                              specialist accommodation, including build-to-rent, student
                              accommodation, land lease, and community housing.
                        •     $30 billion in financing to support first home buyers via the
                              Australian Government 5% Deposit Scheme.
                        This ambition seeks to support both supply and demand
                        challenges and could support ~55,000 loans for first home
                        buyers(2) and the development of ~50,000 new homes(3). It is
                        intended to capture the broad range of financing we provide
                        and set clear direction and accountability for growth. Sub-
                        sectors within this ambition will vary in size and pace of
                        growth, however we believe all are important components in
                        helping get more Australians into more homes.




                            (1) Amounts are calculated by reference to facility limits at origination. Where a development is subject to limit increases, this may result in financing being counted more
                                than once towards the cumulative total. Financing included in the ambition may also be included in other targets and goals where that financing meets the criteria set
                                for those targets and goals, for example the NAB’s environmental financing ambition and the First Nations business lending ambition. There are several factors that
                                may impact NAB’s ability to achieve our ambition, including broader regulatory settings, government incentive schemes, planning and approval timelines, construction
                                supply and labour constraints and NAB’s ability to ensure it is achieving safe and sustainable growth.
                            (2) Based on an average first home buyers loan of $545,056 (ABS 2024-2025).
                            (3) Based on the average cost of a new detached house approved in Australia in 2024/25 of $492,410 (Housing Industry Association analysis of ABS data).


                        22      National Australia Bank
                        Colleagues
                        Our Colleague Strategy
                        In October 2024, NAB refreshed its Colleague Strategy to align with the Group Strategy ambition of becoming the most customer-

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                About
                        centric company in Australia and New Zealand. The Colleague Strategy is anchored in the ambition to have customer obsessed
                        colleagues who are proud to work at NAB.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             this report
                        As a key enabler of NAB’s broader transformation, the Colleague Strategy is delivered through three pillars: Talent, Culture,
                        and Leaders. To help deliver our strategic ambition, NAB launched five refreshed Who We Are behaviours in October 2024.
                        These behaviours provide clear expectations for leaders and colleagues and reinforces the mindset required to drive customer-
                        centricity across the organisation.
                                          Our strategic ambition for Colleagues

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Our business
                                          Customer obsessed colleagues who are proud to work at NAB
                                          What we will be known for

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                in 2025
                                                          Talent: Highly skilled global                                       Culture: A customer obsessed culture                                          Leaders: World standard leaders who
                                                          workforce positioned for the future                                 where it is simple to get things done                                         inspire and support performance

                                          1. A global skills-based workforce positioned for the                1. Clarity of individual purpose and how each colleague                      1. World standard leaders who consistently role model
                                             future.                                                              impacts customer experience regardless of role.                              customer obsession.
                                          2. Inclusive talent systems to enable greater career                 2. Colleagues supported to consistently deliver for                          2. Clear leadership standards, behaviours and
                                             opportunities for our colleagues.                                    customers and get their jobs done.                                           expectations to drive consistency and accountability.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Creating value




For personal use only
                                          3. A market leading employee value proposition to                    3. An environment that is customer centric, performance                      3. Future-fit leaders who unlock potential and high
                                             attract and retain diverse talent.                                   focused, collaborative and inclusive.                                        performance in others with empathy and curiosity.
                                          4. Targeted learning opportunities to develop the                    4. Colleagues are our strongest brand ambassadors and                        4. Leaders supported through their leadership journey
                                             skills we need to win in market.                                     are proud to work at NAB.                                                    with tailored programs based on their requirements.


                                          Measures of success
                                                                                                               •   Engagement score                                                          •    % top quartile leaders score & top quartile engagement score
                                          •   Opportunities to learn and grow
                                                                                                               •   Inclusion index                                                           •    Distinctive Leadership role modelling
                                          •   Gender and First Nations representation
                                                                                                               •   Engagement basket of metrics (Belonging, Recommend, Wellbeing, eSat)      •    Establish leadership capability baseline in FY25
                                          •   Reduction in regrettable attrition (target segments)
                                                                                                               •   Employee NPS
                                          •   Employer brand awareness/attractiveness
                                                                                                               •   Customer obsession index
                                          •   Internal appointments for critical segments
                                                                                                               •   Who We Are embedment score


                                          Who We Are

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Corporate
                                                  We are customer obsessed                           We keep it simple                          We move with speed                            We own it                             We win together



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Governance
                        Colleague Strategy execution                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Statement
                        In 2025, NAB delivered key initiatives to support the execution of the Colleague Strategy:
                        •    Refreshed our culture transformation strategy and culture framework to define how culture is understood, measured
                             and embedded.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Risk
                        •    Established a Culture Champion network to support the role modelling of desired behaviours and embed culture interventions.
                        •    Introduced a universal leadership capability framework, How We Lead, reinforcing our investment in Distinctive Leadership, to


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             management
                             guide the recruitment, development and retention of world-class people leaders.
                        •    Piloted a new recruitment approach through NAB Elevate Talent aimed to ensure alignment with target-state culture and
                             strategic ambitions.
                        •    Developed a skills taxonomy to enable a skills based organisation.
                        •    Launched targeted capability development for product owners and bankers through specialised programs, pathways and
                             academies focused on critical skills.

                        Workforce composition                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Report of

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             the Directors
                        The Group's workforce is made up of more than 41,000(1) colleagues globally. About 88% of the permanent workforce are located
                          Test Chart (cont.)
                        in Australia and New Zealand, while others work in Asia, London, New York and Paris. Over the last year, NAB India and NAB Vietnam
                        have continued to grow.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Financial report
                            Table 1: Workforce by contract type and gender 2025 (%)(1)                                                                Chart 1: Workforce distribution by geographic region(1)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                0.9%
                                                                                                                                                                                                   11.5%
                                                                                                     Female                     Male



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Sections
                              Permanent full-time                                                        31.1                      37.2
                                                                                                                                                                                          14.3%
                              Permanent part-time                                                          5.8                       1.1
                              Fixed term full-time                                                         1.3                       2.5
                              Fixed term part-time                                                         0.1                       0.0                                                                                             73.3%
                              Casual                                                                       0.5                       0.1


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Additional
                              External/temporary                                                           7.1                     12.3                        Australia                                           Asia
                              employee/contractors                                                                                                             New Zealand                                         UK, USA and Europe


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             information
                              (1) Source: Workforce distribution based on headcount as at 30 September 2025.                                             (1) Source: Workforce distribution figures based on permanent headcount as at
                                  Due to rounding. figures may not sum to 100%.                                                                              30 September 2025. Due to rounding, figures may not sum to 100%



                            (1) Number of full-time equivalent colleagues as at 30 September 2025, excluding discontinued operations.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 2025 Annual Report   23
                        Colleagues (cont.)




                        Engagement                                                                              •   Enhancing customer experience through Customer Voices,
                                                                                                                    in which customer-facing teams listen to and learn from
                        Listening and acting on colleague feedback is key to
                                                                                                                    customer feedback and use this to shape improvements.
                        colleague engagement. NAB’s colleague engagement survey,
                        aligned with the Group Strategy and Who We Are behaviours,                              •   Expanding access to digital learning tools, including
                        provides insights into drivers such as culture, leadership,                                 platforms such as Udemy Business, to support
                        workload, and wellbeing. These insights help leaders address                                continuous development.
                        team needs and inform the Executive Leadership Team                                     •   Using our Global Tech Academy to drive uplift in technology
                        on patterns and opportunities for improvement across                                        skills and career pathways across digital hubs based in
                        the organisation.                                                                           Australia, Vietnam and India.
                        In 2025, NAB’s average engagement score held steady at 78(1)                            •   Product Owners play a key role in enabling NAB’s Customer
                        consistent with July 2024 results. This score continues to                                  Voices system. Targeted capability uplift is underway in
                        meet the global top quartile benchmark of 78.                                               2025 and will continue in 2026.
                        Key strengths identified across the business include the high
                        regard colleagues have for their leaders and how Distinctive
                        Leadership practices have been embedded within teams.                                       Employer of Choice Awards
                        Colleagues also reported a strong connection between their                                  In 2025, NAB received several accolades recognising
                        day-to-day work and NAB's customer-centric ambition.                                        excellence in graduate employment, inclusion and
                        Opportunities for improvement include simplifying ways of                                   colleague experience:




For personal use only
                        working and removing barriers that slow down progress.                                      •   Ranked #1 Graduate Employer in the Banking and
                                                                                                                        Finance Industry for the fourth consecutive year on
                        Leadership capability                                                                           Prosple’s Top 100 Australian Graduate Employers.
                        To develop world-class, customer obsessed leaders who                                       •   Achieved Platinum status in the Australian Workplace
                        inspire and support colleague performance, NAB delivered                                        Equality Index, the highest level of performance for
                        several key initiatives in 2025 that built on the foundations                                   inclusion of LGBTQIA+ colleagues.
                        established through our investment in Distinctive Leadership:
                                                                                                                    •   Awarded the 2025 TIARA Talent Acquisition Award ANZ
                        •    Defined How We Lead capabilities to articulate the core                                    Early Careers Award for the StarCamp Technology
                             expectations of people leaders at different career stages.                                 Internship Program.
                        •    Introduced a 360° feedback tool to measure leadership                                  •   NAB’s Cyber Safety and Risk Conduct & Compliance
                             capability and provide insights into leadership strengths                                  Regulatory Learning Programs were recognised
                             and development areas aligned to the How We                                                in the 2025 Australia Institute of Training
                             Lead framework.                                                                            Development awards.
                        •    Delivered new leadership development support including                                 •   Recognised as a 2025 Disability Confident Recruiter by
                             tools and masterclasses on Leading Change, Psychological                                   the Australian Disability Network.
                             Safety and Leading Culture.
                        •    Enrolled all new to bank leaders and newly promoted
                             leaders into the flagship Distinctive Leadership                                   Payroll remediation
                             Program. Leaders who complete the program typically                                NAB is undertaking a review and remediation of payroll-related
                             receive higher colleague engagement survey scores                                  issues, which impact current and former colleagues. Costs of
                             including employee satisfaction, inclusion, psychological                          approximately $130 million have been incurred in 2025 related
                             safety and learner safety.                                                         to the review and remediation of payroll issues, and as this
                                                                                                                work is ongoing, total costs remain uncertain.
                        Colleague capability
                        NAB continues to build the skills and capabilities required                             Inclusion and diversity
                        to realise its strategic ambition. Key initiatives delivered in                         We service a diverse and wide-reaching customer base
                        2025 included:                                                                          including people from different backgrounds, identities, and
                        •    Developing future skills to leverage AI, including AI                              experiences. To deliver exceptional customer service, NAB
                             development and oversight, human-AI teaming and                                    focuses on understanding and representing the communities
                             programming, and strategic foresight.                                              in which it operates.
                        •    Delivering cultural immersion sessions for new starters                            Policies and progress measures are in place to build and
                             within their first eight weeks at NAB. These provide                               support a workforce that reflects customer diversity. When
                             customer-centric context and accelerate embedding of                               colleagues feel valued and empowered to share their ideas,
                             the Who We Are behaviours.                                                         performance and productivity improve, innovation increases,
                        •    Uplifting banker capability across B&PB and PB with a focus                        and risks are managed more effectively.
                             on business development and relationship management                                NAB’s Board-endorsed Inclusion & Diversity Strategic
                             skills that support exceptional customer experiences.                              Framework (Framework) focuses on making sure all colleagues
                        •    Reinforcing risk ownership by requiring all colleagues                             and customers can belong and succeed at NAB. The
                             to complete training in Risk, Conduct and Compliance                               Framework is built on three key principles:
                             for Existing Colleagues, Financial Crime Risk Awareness,
                             Financial Crime Threats and Vulnerabilities, and                                   1. Inclusive leadership
                             Cyber Safety.                                                                      In 2025, we worked to support and encourage inclusive
                                                                                                                leadership through a series of targeted initiatives:


                            (1) 2025 colleague engagement surveys conducted by Viva Glint, score based on an average of the two surveys conducted in February 2025 and July 2025. Includes
                                Australia, New Zealand, and all global colleagues, excludes ubank, external consultants and outsource service providers.


                        24      National Australia Bank
                        Colleagues (cont.)




                        •    Educated leaders on practices to help make all colleagues                       •   Paid compassionate leave: Includes Sorry Business leave,
                             feel valued and empowered to contribute.                                            available for our Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander
                                                                                                                 colleagues. In 2025, 3,775 colleagues accessed this paid
                                                                                                                                                                                       About
                        •    Maintained diversity and inclusion goals within the
                             Executive Leadership Team's Key Performance Indicators,                             compassionate leave.
                             linked to remuneration outcomes.
                                                                                                                                                                                    this report
                                                                                                             The Board and Executive Leadership Team is committed to
                        •    Collaborated with each business area to develop tailored                        building a workforce that reflects the wider community and
                             plans, with actions led by business leaders.                                    attracting and retaining talent from a range of backgrounds
                                                                                                             and experiences. Our Inclusion & Diversity Policy requires
                        2. Inclusive workplace                                                               the Board to review the impact of diversity activities
                        NAB fosters a workplace that welcomes everyone and values                            and initiatives at least annually. The Executive Leadership
                                                                                                             Team is responsible for implementing the Framework. More
                                                                                                                                                                                    Our business
                        all kinds of differences. Initiatives are designed to benefit all
                        colleagues and promote environments where everyone feels                             information is available at nab.com.au/about-us/corporate-
                        safe to speak up and bring their best selves to work.                                governance.

                        Our Accessibility Action Plan(1) and Reconciliation Action Plan(2)                   Anti-harassment and discrimination                                        in 2025
                        include pillars focused on colleague experience
                                                                                                             NAB maintains a no-tolerance approach to all forms of
                        and representation.
                                                                                                             discrimination and sexual harassment, including sexual
                        Colleague-led Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) contribute                             harassment, sex-based discrimination and workplace bullying.
                        lived experience, build community and promote understanding                          We remain committed to both preventing and responding




                                                                                                                                                                                      Creating value




For personal use only
                        across the organisation. NAB supports five ERGs:                                     to unlawful conduct, we take a person-centred, trauma
                        •    Cultural Inc                                                                    informed approach, encouraging speaking up and promptly
                                                                                                             addressing concerns across leadership, culture, training, risk
                        •    First Nations Walking Together
                                                                                                             management, support, reporting, monitoring, and evaluation.
                        •    NABility
                                                                                                             Reporting on sexual harassment and discrimination was
                        •    Gender Equity                                                                   presented to all Professional Standards Forums, including
                        •    NAB Pride                                                                       education on legislative obligations, insights, trends and the
                        More information is available at nab.com.au/about-us/                                nature and underlying drivers of sexual harassment and

                                                                                                                                                                                    Corporate
                        careers/inclusion-diversity.                                                         discrimination cases across the business. NAB has targeted
                                                                                                             communication to convey its 'Tone from the Top' messaging,
                        3. Customer inclusion                                                                delivering annual conduct and risk training for all colleagues        Governance
                                                                                                             and support for people leaders in dealing with harassment and
                        We aim for all customers to feel included and valued when
                                                                                                             discrimination concerns.                                               Statement
                        banking with NAB. Our information, services, and products are
                        designed to be accessible for all.                                                   Our current policy guidelines can be accessed at
                        In 2025, the NAB Pride ERG extended LGBTQIA+ inclusion                               nab.com.au/content/dam/nabrwd/About-Us/shareholder-
                        resources to customers for use in their own workplaces.                              centre/documents/discrimination-harassment-guidelines.pdf.


                                                                                                                                                                                       Risk
                        More details are available at nab.com.au/about-us/careers/
                                                                                                             Measurable Objectives
                        inclusion-diversity/nab-pride/more-out-and-proud.
                                                                                                             NAB sets clear goals for gender balance, pay equality, and

                                                                                                                                                                                    management
                        NAB partners with external organisations to help build
                                                                                                             workplace inclusion. In 2025, the Board endorsed an extension
                        belonging across the wider community. In 2025, partnership
                                                                                                             of the 2025 objectives for another year, aligning efforts with a
                        activities included:
                                                                                                             new Inclusion & Diversity Strategic Framework and upcoming
                        •    African Music and Cultural Festival – Platinum sponsor                          changes to the Australian Workplace Gender Equality Act
                        •    Midsumma Festival – Principal partner                                           legislation in 2026.
                                                                                                             This year, we continued to make positive progress on the

                                                                                                                                                                                      Report of
                        •    Pride Cup – Major sponsor
                                                                                                             measurable objectives as outlined in Table 2.
                        For additional information on inclusive and accessible banking,
                        refer to the Customers section of this Report.

                        NAB’s Inclusive policies                                                                                                                                    the Directors
                        Our leave policies support colleagues through life moments
                        that matter. In 2025, the following policies and outcomes
                        were delivered:




                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial report
                        •    Parental leave, pregnancy loss leave and carers leave:
                             NAB offers up to 16 weeks of paid leave. The number of
                             men taking parental leave was 298, consistent with 2024.
                             Men comprised 49% of all colleagues taking parental leave.
                             The return-to-work rate across all genders and Australian-
                             based colleagues reached 98%. NAB monitors this rate and
                             works with colleagues to support family needs during their
                             return to work.
                        •    Cultural and religious leave: Up to three working days of

                                                                                                                                                                                     Additional
                             paid leave are available annually. In 2025, 7,464 colleagues
                             used this leave to celebrate or observe important cultural

                                                                                                                                                                                    information
                             or religious events and traditions.

                            (1) Available at nab.com.au/content/dam/nabrwd/documents/reports/corporate/accessibility-action-plan.pdf.
                            (2) Available at nab.com.au/content/dam/nab/documents/reports/corporate/reconciliation-action-plan-2024-2027.pdf.


                                                                                                                                                        2025 Annual Report    25
                        Colleagues (cont.)




                        Table 2 Progress against NAB's 2023-2026 measurable objectives
                         Measurable objective                                                                     2023                   2024                   2025              2026 target
                         1. Diverse leadership teams and talent pipelines
                         40-60% gender representation at every level of the business(1)
                         40-60% gender representation on NAB Group Board (non-executive directors)
                         40-60% gender representation on NAB subsidiary boards
                         Representation of women
                             NAB Board (non-executive directors)                                                          55%                    60%                    63%               40-60%
                             NAB Group subsidiary boards                                                                  53%                    55%                    51%               40-60%
                             Executive Management (Salary level 7)                                                        33%                    42%                    36%               40-60%
                             Executive Management (Salary level 6)                                                        37%                    35%                    38%               40-60%
                             Senior Management (Salary level 5)                                                           38%                    39%                    40%               40-60%
                             Management (Salary level 4)                                                                  39%                    39%                    40%               40-60%
                             Non-management (Salary level 3)                                                              46%                    46%                    45%               40-60%
                             Non-management (Salary level 2)                                                              56%                    56%                    56%               40-60%
                             Non-management (Salary level 1)                                                              68%                    67%                    66%               40-60%




For personal use only
                             Total organisation                                                                           50%                    50%                   49%                40-60%
                         2. Fair remuneration – seek to reward people fairly and support the objective of <10% gender pay gap by 2026
                             Gender pay gap(2)                                                                          15.8%                  15.1%                  14.9%                  <10%
                         3. Inclusive workplace culture(3)(4)
                             Women(5)                                                                                       79                    81                     79         Benchmark
                             Men(5)                                                                                         82                    83                     81         Benchmark
                             People with disability and/or neurodivergence            (6)
                                                                                                                            77                    80                     77         Benchmark
                             Ethnically under-represented(7)                                                                83                    84                     82         Benchmark
                             LGBTQIA+                                                                                       80                    81                     79         Benchmark
                             Carers(8)                                                                                      81                    83                     82         Benchmark
                         (1) Based on the percentage of women in each salary level, calculated using population of permanent full-time and part-time colleagues.
                         (2) The pay gap analysis indicates the mean gender pay gap within NAB’s Australian-based workforce, the reporting period for each year reflects 1 July to 30 June of the
                             previous year (e.g., 2025 reflects the period 1 July 2023 – 30 June 2024). The gender pay gap is calculated by dividing the mean female base salary by the mean male base
                             salary per employment level. It does not separately measure the gender pay gap in equivalent roles. Analysis includes permanent, fixed term, and casual colleagues
                             and excludes contractors. Figures shown are published by the Workplace Gender Equality Agency (WGEA).
                         (3) The inclusive workforce culture scores are based off responses to NAB's colleague engagement survey conducted in July 2025 (2025 score), July 2024 (2024 score) and
                             July 2023 (2023 score). The target was revised in 2025 to measure the inclusion score compared to Global Benchmark as per methodology used by survey provider,
                             Glint. The Global Benchmark was 82 in 2025, and 81 in 2024 and 2023, The inclusion score is based on a combined response to three questions: 1. 'I feel comfortable
                             being myself at work'. 2. 'I am treated with respect and dignity' and 3. 'Regardless of background, everyone at our company has an equal opportunity to succeed'. The
                             table represents the scores for specific historically under-represented groups with the addition of men. Inclusion scores use responses to questions in the colleague
                             engagement survey and is calculated as a weighted average. This ensures that responses from larger cohorts have proportional influence on the overall score.
                         (4) Employment groups included in NAB's colleague engagement survey are: permanent, fixed-term or casual colleagues as well as contractors and agency temps across
                             all divisions in Australia and our international locations. Employment groups excluded from NAB's colleague engagement survey are: external consultants and outsource
                             providers. ubank did not participate in the demographic section of NAB's colleague engagement survey , therefore ubank data is not included in the inclusion scores.
                         (5) The gender of respondents is based on how this is recorded in SAP/Workday.
                         (6) From 2024, the category was expanded in the colleague engagement survey to include neurodivergence in the disability status question. People with a disability and/or
                             neurodivergence are respondents who answered one of: 'I have disability'; 'I am neurodivergent'; 'I have disability and am neurodivergent'.
                         (7) The methodology used in defining ethnic minority since 2023 takes into account NAB’s growing international colleague base. Ethnic minority calculations only include
                             colleagues from Australia, NZ, UK and US. The ethnic minority group is comprised of individuals whose ethnicity is considered to be an ethnic minority in those included
                             regions. Colleagues based in other regions are not included in the calculations, as identification of ethnic minority would be different in those regions.
                         (8) Colleagues who selected they spend time providing unpaid care, help, or assistance to family members or others with a disability (including children, adults or
                             older adult).




                        26   National Australia Bank
                        Colleagues (cont.)




                        Health, safety and wellbeing
                        Health and Safety Risk Management
                        We continue to prioritise a safe and healthy work                                                                                                                                About
                        environment that supports colleague wellbeing and enables
                        high performance.                                                                                                                                                             this report
                        Our approach to health and safety has evolved in response
                        to changes in work practices, advances in technology and the
                        increasing importance of managing psychosocial risk to drive
                        sustainable performance.


                                                                                                                                                                                                      Our business
                        In 2025, the Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate(1) remained low at
                        0.36, reflecting a proactive and prevention-focused approach.


                                                                                                                                                                                                         in 2025
                        Systems and processes were strengthened through alignment
                        with new legislative guidance and Codes of Practice,
                        supported by insights from targeted risk assessments
                        conducted across business operations.
                        Recognising the critical role of leaders in identifying and




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Creating value
                        managing psychosocial hazards, new tools and resources




For personal use only
                        were introduced to support effective risk management in
                        areas such as organisational change, job demands, workload,
                        and job design. The ‘Workplace Mental Health Training’,
                        developed by the Black Dog Institute, was launched and made
                        available to all colleagues via NAB’s learning platform.
                        Preventing and responding to aggressive customer behaviour
                        remains a key priority. A newly established Governance
                        Forum, attended by senior leaders from across the business,
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate
                        oversees ongoing work in this area. This includes improving
                        understanding of the drivers of aggressive behaviour
                        and ensuring our colleagues have access to timely and                                                                                                                        Governance
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Statement
                        appropriate wellbeing support.

                        Supporting Colleague Wellbeing
                        NAB provides colleagues access to a range of services to
                        support their physical and mental wellbeing. These include
                        an interactive online platform with health resources, annual

                                                                                                                                                                                                         Risk
                        flu vaccinations and health promotion campaigns delivered
                        throughout the year.

                                                                                                                                                                                                      management
                        Workplace flexibility remains a key enabler of wellbeing. In the
                        July 2025 colleague engagement survey, 73.1% of colleagues
                        reported working hybrid (regular days worked remotely, in
                        office or fully remotely). A variety of leave options are
                        available to support integration of work and life commitments,
                        including 'You Leave’ which encourages colleagues to use

                                                                                                                                                                                                        Report of
                        annual and long service leave to rest and recharge.
                        Early intervention for injuries or illness that may impact

                                                                                                                                                                                                      the Directors
                        work is promoted through NAB’s team of Health Management
                        specialists. A person-centred approach is applied to
                        workplace adjustments for colleagues with a disability.
                        Awareness continues to be raised around support available
                        for colleagues affected by family and domestic violence,
                        ensuring timely access to specialist services and paid leave.




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Financial report
                        The Employee Assistance Program has been extended to
                        colleagues and their families in our international locations,
                        offering 24/7 confidential counselling and coaching. This
                        service is also available to NAB customers, free of charge.




                                                                                                                                                                                                       Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                      information

                         (1) Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate is calculated as the number of lost time injuries divided by total hours worked, multiplied by one million.


                                                                                                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   27
                        Building stronger, more
                        resilient communities
                        We support the communities we are connected                                             NAB Ready Together
                        to in tackling challenges relevant to them
                        through giving, volunteering and the work of                                            Our program to help customers and communities withstand
                        NAB Foundation.                                                                         and recover from natural disasters.

                                                                                                                Helping customers during a crisis
                        Community investment                                                                    Through direct financial relief, partnerships, and volunteering,
                        Reporting of community investment is guided by the Business                             NAB and NAB Foundation supported impacted communities in
                        for Societal Impact (B4SI) Community Investment Framework(1).                           Australia to recover from 17 disasters in 2025 with a total of
                        Key contributions in 2025 included:                                                     $9.8 million in financial contributions. NAB provided $6.0 million
                                                                                                                in disaster relief grant payments to 5,149 customers and 445
                        •    Salary value of colleagues' time in contributing more than                         colleagues to assist with emergency expenses such as fuel,
                             4,700 days across the Group to charities including our                             food and accommodation.
                             customers, NAB Foundation partners and grant recipients.
                                                                                                                NAB Foundation invested in long-term recovery by supporting
                        •    Foregone revenue associated with $87.4 million in NILs
                                                                                                                Financial Counselling Australia to build capabilities of local
                             (loans with no interest, fees or security) allocated to




For personal use only
                                                                                                                financial counsellors in disaster affected areas to guide
                             support microfinance as part of our 22-year partnership
                                                                                                                residents through complex issues such as insurance claims,
                             with Good Shepherd.
                                                                                                                loss of income, and rebuilding their homes.
                        •    Growth of NAB Foundation to provide long-term, stable
                             funding for programs and partnerships with community                               Supporting customers to safeguard their homes
                             organisations, granting $6.2 million in 2025.                                      NAB extended its partnership with the Resilient Building
                                                                                                                Council, contributing to the development of a self-
                        NAB Foundation                                                                          assessment app for flood, cyclone, and storm risks. This
                        NAB Foundation supports communities through philanthropy,                               builds on a previous pilot focused on bushfire risk. The
                        social investment and in-kind support. It is aligned to                                 app supports households with a risk rating and customised
                        NAB’s sustainability priorities, while maintaining its primary                          action plan to help build resilience specific to their property.
                        focus on helping Australians withstand and recover from                                 With certification, households can engage with participating
                        natural disasters.                                                                      insurers to seek insurance premium savings.
                        Since 2020, NAB Foundation has grown fivefold to $176.5 million
                                                                                                                Rebuilding takes many hands
                        held in trust by an independent trustee. In 2025, NAB
                        Foundation granted $6.2 million to 99 grant partners across                             NAB Foundation quadrupled its funding support to Disaster
                        Australia, up from $3.8 million in 2024.                                                Relief Australia from 2023 to 2025, to increase the size of
                                                                                                                the NAB Foundation Recovery Crew (a ready-to-deploy group
                        NAB Foundation aligning to NAB's sustainability priorities                              of corporate and community volunteers) to 6,600 members
                                                                                                                by 2028.
                                                  Initiatives to help Australians withstand and                 Girls on Fire, an organisation that runs firefighting and
                               Climate
                                                  recover from natural disasters, support
                            transition and
                                                  adaptation to climate change, and support
                                                                                                                community resilience programs for young women, received
                              resilience                                                                        additional support from NAB Foundation in 2025 to expand its
                                                  biodiversity and the natural environment.
                                                  Initiatives to support leadership, research                   programs across Australia.
                             First Nations        and networks to unlock economic
                               economic           opportunities for First Nations businesses                    NAB Foundation grants for funding grassroots
                            empowerment           and greater First Nations economic                            disaster readiness and recovery projects
                                                  participation and prosperity.
                                                                                                                Each year, the NAB Foundation Community Grants program
                                                  Initiatives to support housing redevelopment,
                                                  strategic planning and community                              provides $1.2 million in grants for local projects to help
                               Housing            engagement projects to provide better                         communities withstand and recover from natural disasters. In
                             affordability        support for people with limited access                        2025, this included:
                                                  to safe and affordable housing or
                                                  experiencing homelessness.                                    •   Individual grants of up to $25,000.
                                                                                                                •   Additional 'Impact Grants' of $25,000 each for four high
                        Impact Investment Funds                                                                     potential projects to maximise their impact.
                        In 2025, NAB Foundation established an Impact Investing                                 In 2025, NAB Foundation awarded community grants to 51
                        Fund designed to further increase its positive social and                               community-led organisations in all states and territories.
                        environmental impact by providing capital to support and                                Funded projects focused on natural disaster training and
                        scale impactful projects and organisations that align with                              planning, community recovery, environment and wildlife and
                        NAB’s sustainability priorities. The fund specifically seeks to                         equipment and infrastructure.
                        invest in opportunities that intentionally generate a positive                          Rural Aid received both a $50,000 Impact Grant and an
                        and measurable social and environmental impact alongside                                additional $200,000 grant from NAB Foundation to assist
                        appropriate risk-adjusted financial returns. To date, NAB                               drought and flood impacted farmers in Victoria, South
                        Foundation has allocated $26.3 million of its total investment                          Australia and New South Wales. The funds enabled Rural Aid to
                        capital into the impact investing fund, with an aspiration to                           expand their disaster response capacity and provide urgent
                        allocate up to $50 million.                                                             fodder relief and wellbeing support to farmers.

                            (1) Corporate Community Investment, defined broadly as businesses’ voluntary engagement with charitable organisations or activities that extends beyond their core
                                business activities. For further information, refer to https://b4si.net/framework/community-investment/.


                        28      National Australia Bank
                        Sustainability
                        Sustainability in NAB's strategy
                        We are acting now for the long-term

                        Our scale and reach means we are well placed to support our customers’ environmental and social needs through a safe and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          About

                                                                                                                                                                                                                       this report
                        sustainable approach.
                        Our approach prioritises three areas, where our customers have financial needs, and which present commercial opportunities
                        for the bank. NAB has set financing ambitions for each of these areas to signal our intent to drive more capital towards solutions.
                        These priorities are supported by practices across the bank to manage our business responsibly in the face of a wide range of
                        complex sustainability risks and opportunities.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Our business
                        Our materiality process (refer to Material sustainability themes on page 33) informs our approach, with consideration of how
                        sustainability topics interact with our business model, value chain, and stakeholder needs and expectations.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                          in 2025
                        The Group’s approach to managing climate-related risks and opportunities is detailed in NAB's 2025 Climate Report(1).


                         NAB's Sustainability Priorities
                         Our                           Support our customers' environmental and social needs with a safe and sustainable approach
                         ambition




                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Creating value




For personal use only
                         Our                                       Climate                                    Housing affordability                                    First Nations
                                                     To support customers as we move                    To support the building of more homes                     To support the economic
                         Strategic
                                                       together to a resilient net zero                 that are affordable for more Australians             empowerment and prosperity of First
                         priorities
                                                                 economy                                                                                       Nations peoples and businesses

                                                                    $80 bn                                                $60 bn                                             $1 bn
                                                      Environmental financeambition                          Housing affordability financing                  Lending ambition to First Nations
                                                                by 2030                                            ambition by 2030                             businesses and community
                                                            (cumulative basis)1                                   (cumulative basis)2                              organisations by 2026
                                                                                                                                                                        (spot basis)3
                          How                          Banking the transition                                    Supporting Australians to buy houses             Support First Nations peoples and businesses
                                                                                                                                                                  with financial literacy and wealth building
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Corporate
                                                       Supporting business sustainability                        (participate in govt. schemes)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Governance
                          we will grow                 Supporting home electrification and resilience                                                             Further develop specialist capability to
                                                                                                                 Funding to build more houses and innovate
                                                                                                                 more effective construction methods              support transactions from small business

                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Statement
                                                                                                                                                                  through to corporate First Nations customers

                                                                                               Resilient and sustainable business practices

                                                                   Getting the basics right and managing sustainability matters responsibly across our business


                                                     ,ivivid\ Colleagues                       Inclusive                   Risk                Q_ Supply chain                 #\ Human

                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Risk
                                                     1Tll1TII and culture                      banking                     Management          � Management                    � rights




                                                                                                                                 II m II'
                                                                                      Aligned to six key United Nations Sustainable Development Goals



                                                                                                                                                                                                                       management
                                                                                                    where we can make the biggest impact




                                                                   II II                                   www.un.org/sustainabledevelopment
                          (1)   Ambition reflects cumulative total of new financing activity from 1 October 2023 to 30 September 2030. Refer to page 42 of NAB's 2025 Climate Report for further
                                information.
                          (2)   In 2025, NAB achieved its $6 billion affordable and specialist housing financing goal by 2029, four years ahead of schedule. NAB has set a new and expanded ambition to


                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Report of
                                provide $60 billion in financing to address housing affordability by 2030. Refer to pages 21 to 22 for further detail on the housing affordability financing ambition.
                          (3)   Lending position refers to 'Gross Loans and Advances' to both direct First Nations Businesses (with >50% First Nations Ownership), and community organisations that
                                deliver benefits to First Nations peoples, identified by NAB's First Nations business team and/or validated against Supply Nation, Office of the Registrar of Indigenous
                                Corporations (ORIC) and Australian Charities and Not-for-profits Commission (ACNC) registered charities. Additional checks performed on ACNC dataset to test


                                                                                                                                                                                                                       the Directors
                                relevance. Baseline position ($417.2m) calculated as at 31 August 2023. Reference to the 2026 target end date is calendar year (31 December 2026).




                           Sustainability performance
                           For the Group’s performance against key targets and measures, including progress in meeting goals aligned to the




                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Financial report
                           sustainability priority areas, please refer to NAB's 2025 Sustainability Data Pack(1) and 2025 Climate Report(1).
                           As a founding signatory of the Principles for Responsible Banking (PRB), NAB seeks to align its business activities to have
                           a positive impact on society. NAB's annual self-assessment against the PRB Principles can also be found within our 2025
                           Sustainability Data Pack(1).




                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                                       information

                         (1) Available at nab.com.au/annualreports.


                                                                                                                                                                                  2025 Annual Report             29
                        Sustainability (cont.)




                        Sustainability governance
                        Sustainability is embedded in NAB's governance structure, as outlined below. The Board retains ultimate accountability for the
                        oversight of sustainability-related matters and receives updates on sustainability performance.
                        Further details on the Board and Board committee activities in 2025 are available in the Corporate Governance Statement of
                        this Report.



                                                                                                   Board
                                                           Accountable for Sustainability strategy and oversight escalated from Board committees.
                                                                                                                                                                 Independent
                                                                       Board People &            Board Risk &                                 Board Nomination    assurance
                                                 Board Audit                                                          Board Customer                               &advice



                                                                                                         ____ J
                                                                       Remuneration              Compliance                                    &Governance
                                                 Committee                                                              Committee
                                                                        Committee                Committee 1                                     Committee




                                                                                     Group Chief Executive Officer (CEO)                                             Strategy,
                                                                                                                                                                     purpose,
                                                                                                                                                                     values &




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                      culture
                                                                                        Executive Leadership Team (ELT)


                                                                           Executive committees (which consider Sustainability)


                                                            Executive sustainability groups and forums (which drive Sustainability priorities)


                                          (1) The Board Risk & Compliance Committee oversees sustainability risks (including climate and human
                                          rights-related risks) and the Groupʼs environmental compliance reported and escalated by management.


                        Sustainability groups and forums
                        The Group has established several executive level groups and forums designed to drive enterprise collaboration, alignment and
                        visibility on strategy, innovation, opportunities, execution activities and emerging risks (refer to Table 1 below)(1). The chairs of the
                        groups and forums set out below provide periodic reporting to the Executive Leadership Team and Board and have the power to
                        refer matters of significant importance to the Group CEO, relevant Financial Accountability Regime (FAR) accountable persons or
                        the Executive Leadership Team.


                         Table 1: Sustainability groups and forums(1)

                                Sustainability           Chair: Sharon Cook, Group Executive, Customer and Corporate Services.
                                  Council(2)
                                                         Remit: NAB’s over-arching strategic direction as it relates to sustainability strategy, performance and
                                                         emerging issues. Considers stakeholder expectations and NAB’s voluntary obligations.


                               Group Climate             Chair: Jacqueline Fox, Chief Climate Officer.
                             Governance Forum
                                                         Remit: Drives collaboration, alignment, and visibility across NAB on strategy, innovation and opportunities
                                                         and execution activities related to climate change and the transition to a low carbon economy.


                                   Housing               Chair: Julie Rynski, Executive, Business Metro and Specialised Banking.
                             Affordability Council
                                                         Remit: Drives strategy and actions related to NAB’s response to affordable and specialist housing. Includes
                                                         supporting targeted partnerships and progress.


                         Reconciliation Action           Co-chair: Sarah White, Group Executive, People and Culture and Andrew Auerbach, Group Executive,
                          Plan (RAP) Council(3)          Business and Private Banking(4).

                                                         Remit: Oversees delivery and management of actions set out in NAB’s Reconciliation Action Plan.


                         (1) NAB’s major subsidiary, BNZ, also has sustainability-related (including climate) management groups and councils. Details on BNZ’s approach to relevant
                             governance matters will be available in its climate and sustainability reporting. For further information on BNZ’s climate reporting refer to
                             www.bnz.co.nz/about-us/sustainability/reports.
                         (2) From 1 October 2025, the Sustainability Council became an Executive Leadership Team level forum, chaired by the Group Executive, Customer and
                             Corporate Services, with membership including the Group Chief Financial Officer, the Group Chief Risk Officer, Group Executive, Business and Private
                             Banking and Group Executive, Corporate and Institutional Banking.
                         (3) The RAP Council is supported by the First Nations Advisory Group, an external advisory body that provides strategic guidance on NAB’s engagement with
                             First Nations peoples.
                         (4) Andrew Auerbach commenced as co-chair on 14 July 2025, succeeding Rachel Slade.




                        30     National Australia Bank
                        Sustainability (cont.)




                            Table 2: Executive committees
                            Executive Risk &         The ERCC, NAB’s most senior executive-level risk committee, has oversight over the Group’s management of
                              Compliance             financial risks and non-financial risks and related emerging risks. In doing so, it is supported by its eight specialist
                                                                                                                                                                                         About
                              Committee              risk oversight sub-committees. In 2025, members received updates on sustainability risk, which included climate
                                (ERCC)               change matters.

                                                                                                                                                                                      this report
                              Group Credit
                                & Market             The GCMRC is an executive level risk oversight committee which has oversight of credit, market risks and
                             Risk Committee          sustainability risks and related emerging risks.
                                (GCMRC)
                             Group Asset &
                                                     The GALCO is an executive level risk oversight committee which has oversight of financial risks including Balance
                                Liability
                                                     Sheet & Liquidity risk, and related emerging risks. This includes oversight of climate risk where it has direct impact
                              Committee

                                                                                                                                                                                      Our business
                                                     on capital calculations.
                                (GALCO)
                               Enterprise
                                Product              The EPC is an executive level management committee that evaluates new product offerings, including sustainable

                                                                                                                                                                                         in 2025
                               Committee             finance products and their appropriateness for our customers.
                                 (EPC)
                            People & Culture
                                                     The PCEC is an executive level oversight committee which has oversight on people and culture matters. This
                               Executive
                                                     includes oversight on the Group’s remuneration and performance framework, which incorporates sustainability-
                              Committee
                                                     related risk and performance measures.
                                (PCEC)




                                                                                                                                                                                        Creating value




For personal use only
                        Management’s role in assessing and managing sustainability-related risks and opportunities
                        Led by the Group CEO, the members of the Executive Leadership Team have a key role in driving the implementation of NAB's
                        sustainability strategy and in assessing sustainability-related risks and opportunities. These include, but are not limited to:
                        •    The Group Executive, Customer and Corporate Services (CCS) is responsible for overseeing NAB’s overall sustainability
                             strategy, which includes climate priorities. They also hold responsibility for coordinating and overseeing sustainability-related
                             activities more generally and advising on sustainability-related matters(1).

                                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate
                        •    The Group Executives of NAB's customer divisions (Personal Banking, Business and Private Banking and Corporate and
                             Institutional Banking) are responsible for managing sustainability risks and opportunities within their client portfolios and
                             delivering on NAB’s key sustainability focus areas of climate, affordable and specialist housing and First Nations economic                             Governance
                             empowerment. This includes the implementation of NAB’s sector decarbonisation targets and relevant sustainability
                             financing ambitions.                                                                                                                                     Statement
                        •    The Group Chief Financial Officer (CFO) is accountable for NAB’s Group strategy (to which NAB’s sustainability
                             strategy is aligned), engagement with investors, key sustainability-related innovation investment and the execution of
                             sustainability reporting.


                                                                                                                                                                                         Risk
                        •    The Group Chief Operating Officer (COO) is responsible for the Group’s digital bank, ubank, oversight of marketing, including
                             governance against greenwashing risks, leadership of accessible and inclusive design for customers, and development and
                             maintenance of the NAB Group’s product governance framework(1).

                                                                                                                                                                                      management
                        •    The Group Chief Risk Officer (CRO) is accountable for developing, endorsing to the Board and (when approved by the Board)
                             maintaining the Risk Appetite Statement and the Risk Management Strategy for managing NAB Group’s material risks, including
                             sustainability risk and credit risk. The CRO is also accountable for developing and coordinating the implementation of risk
                             management strategies, frameworks, and policies to identify and manage risks for the NAB Group.
                        •    The Group Executive, Technology and Enterprise Operations is accountable for NAB’s property portfolio, technology

                                                                                                                                                                                        Report of
                             operations and supply chain management. This includes activities that limit NAB’s operational environmental impacts, such as
                             improving energy efficiency, cutting emissions, and sourcing renewable energy.


                                                                                                                                                                                      the Directors
                        •    The Group Executive, People and Culture is responsible for overseeing the Group’s performance and reward framework and
                             strategies to drive workforce culture, capability, diversity and inclusion.
                        •    The Chief Executive Officer, BNZ has delegated authority from the BNZ Board for management and operation of the day-to-
                             day business of BNZ and receives reporting on climate-related matters in his capacity as Managing Director of BNZ, and as a
                             member of both NAB's and BNZ's Executive Risk and Compliance Committees and the BNZ ESG Executive Committee. For further
                             information on BNZ’s management of climate-related risks and opportunities, refer to the BNZ Climate statements available at




                                                                                                                                                                                        Financial report
                             www.bnz.co.nz/about-us/sustainability/reports.




                                                                                                                                                                                       Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                      information

                            (1) The COO will assume the CCS accountabilities from 1 December 2025.


                                                                                                                                                         2025 Annual Report     31
                        Sustainability (cont.)




                        Stakeholder engagement                                              Engaging on public policy
                        Effective stakeholder engagement helps NAB better                   NAB engages government and regulatory bodies to provide
                        understand expectations, identify issues, advocate for policy       input and help shape policy on sustainability issues that are
                        changes and discover opportunities for improvement.                 important to the bank. In 2025, this included:
                        Our approach to stakeholder engagement, including                   •    Mandatory climate-related financial disclosures and
                        processes for consultation on sustainability topics, is set              participating in the pilot of Australian Sustainable Finance
                        out in our Sustainability Policy and informed by the AA1000              Institute’s Sustainable Finance Taxonomy.
                        Stakeholder Engagement Standard.                                    •    Participation in the Victorian Drought Response Taskforce.
                                                                                            •    Development of Horizon 2 of the 2023-2030 Australian Cyber
                        Engaging on sustainability:
                                                                                                 Security Strategy.
                        NAB values feedback on sustainability topics relevant to the
                                                                                            •    Participation in the Treasury Working Group on Modern
                        bank, customers and the community. Key discussions with
                                                                                                 Methods of Construction, which is examining ways to
                        stakeholders during the year included:
                                                                                                 remove barriers to consumer finance.
                        •    Reconciliation and issues facing First Nations customers
                                                                                            •    Submission to the Productivity Commission Five Pillars
                             and communities, including through meetings of our regular
                                                                                                 Inquiry on reform proposals to drive productivity by
                             First Nations Advisory Group.
                                                                                                 harnessing emerging technology, building a skilled
                        •    Cost of living, natural disaster and hardship support, scams        workforce and investing in the net zero transition.
                             and fraud, First Nations financial inclusion and housing




For personal use only
                                                                                            NAB’s political contributions policy prohibits political
                             affordability, including through our Consumer Forum with
                                                                                            donations to any political party, parliamentarian, elected
                             customer advocates.
                                                                                            official or candidate for political office. NAB representatives
                        •    Climate action, customer transition, fossil fuel lending       may pay to attend political events and business forums
                             activity, and NAB’s assessment of physical risks.              hosted by major political parties. In 2024 (period 1 July
                        •    Biodiversity, land use change and natural                      2023-30 June 2024), NAB spent $66,000 with the Australian
                             capital management.                                            Labor Party, $60,000 with the Liberal Party of Australia, and
                        •    Human Rights, including Modern Slavery.                        $16,500 with the National Party of Australia.
                        •    Workforce management, including inclusion and diversity.       These payments are disclosed to the Australian Electoral
                                                                                            Commission (AEC) in line with State and Federal regulation,
                        Industry associations                                               noting the AEC’s reporting year is a different period to NAB’s
                        NAB is a member of various industry associations, which gives       financial year. NAB’s 2025 contributions (period July 2024-June
                        us the opportunity to discuss and address topics of mutual          2025) will be available via the AEC in February 2026.
                        interest for our industry, share learnings and seek guidance        A number of activities enable us to further understand
                        on best practice approaches.                                        stakeholder concerns and perspectives, and respond to what
                        NAB is in the second year of its two-year role as Chair of          matters to our stakeholders.
                        the ABA, which commenced in December 2023. Through the
                        ABA, NAB has engaged on sustainability topics relevant to the           Stakeholders          Engagement activities
                        banking industry, including on priority issues of scams and             Customers             Market research, including customer
                        fraud, financial hardship, customers experiencing vulnerability,                              satisfaction and experience surveys
                        insurability and First Nations outcomes.                                                      and focus groups, customer advocacy
                                                                                                                      groups, direct engagement with the ELT,
                        Other key sustainability focused engagements during the                                       Sustainability teams, Board and relevant
                        year included:                                                                                Board committees.
                        •    Through our membership of the ABA, supporting the                  Colleagues            Colleague engagement surveys,
                             update of the ABA Industry Statement Supporting Aboriginal                               colleague focus groups, employee
                             and Torres Strait Islander Peoples, which outlines how                                   resource groups, intranet articles and
                             the banking industry provides inclusive and accessible                                   social media, confidential whistleblower
                                                                                                                      program and interactive events with
                             banking services to First Nations peoples – particularly in
                                                                                                                      the ELT.
                             remote communities.
                                                                                                Shareholders,         Annual General Meeting (AGM),
                        •    Participation in the United Nations Environment Program            investors             investor presentations and analyst
                             Finance Initiative (UNEP FI) Principles for Responsible            and analysts          briefings, survey participation, regular
                             Banking working group alongside industry peers to help                                   engagement with the Board, the
                             inform the scope and requirements of the program.                                        Executive Leadership Team, Investor
                                                                                                                      Relations and Sustainability teams.
                        •    Participation in Australian Sustainable Finance Institute
                             consultations on the development and piloting of the               Suppliers             Regular engagement, surveys (as part
                                                                                                                      of due diligence processes and
                             Australian sustainable finance taxonomy.
                                                                                                                      annual engagement activities) and
                        Key industry association memberships and payments for                                         industry forums.
                        2025 were:                                                              Industry bodies       Regular engagement, participation in
                        •    Australian Banking Association: $2,530,425                         and associations      working groups, consultations and
                                                                                                                      advocacy processes.
                        •    Business Council of Australia: $97,000
                                                                                                Regulators            Regular meetings and briefings,
                        •    New Zealand Bankers' Association: NZ$445,092                       and government        participation in consultation processes
                        •    Business NZ: NZ$35,000                                                                   and inquiries, and workshops.
                                                                                                Non-government        Research, surveys and interviews,
                                                                                                organisations         meetings and events, employee
                                                                                                (NGOs) and            volunteering, donations, and impact
                                                                                                community partners    investing (including by NAB Foundation).


                        32     National Australia Bank
                        Sustainability (cont.)




                        Material sustainability themes
                        NAB undertakes an annual sustainability materiality assessment to identify the sustainability areas most relevant to our business

                                                                                                                                                                                            About
                        and stakeholders, and where we can potentially have the greatest impact on society. The outcomes of this assessment inform
                        our prioritisation and decision-making.

                                                                                                                                                                                         this report
                        External frameworks, such as the UNEP FI Impact Radar, reporting frameworks (e.g., Global Reporting Initiative, Sustainability
                        Accounting Standards Board), as well as benchmarks and ratings (e.g., MSCI, Sustainalytics, S&P Global Corporate Sustainability
                        Assessment), are used to inform the process.
                        Engagement with stakeholders (refer to page 32) also informs the assessment. Targeted engagements are conducted to
                        discuss sustainability matters of importance and feedback received throughout the year is analysed. Insights are reviewed
                        against strategic priorities and industry guidance.

                        The materiality assessment involves the following four stages:                                                                                                   Our business

                                                                                                                                                                                            in 2025
                           1 Identification                       2 Prioritisation                       3 Validation                        4 Disclosure and review
                        Sustainability materiality outcomes




                                                                                                                                                                                           Creating value




For personal use only
                        NAB’s material sustainability themes remained largely consistent with the 2024 assessment. The 2025 assessment reaffirmed
                        that support for customers in response to the rising cost of living is the most important theme from both strategic and
                        stakeholder perspectives. Climate change also continues to be a high priority for our stakeholders, particularly in relation to
                        risks, opportunities and support for customer transition. Technology and innovation remain key areas of stakeholder interest,
                        especially in relation to the responsible use of AI and its associated risks and opportunities. Stakeholder engagement reinforced
                        the importance of actively considering sustainability-related risks and opportunities, while maintaining a clear focus on matters
                        relevant to NAB.

                         2025 Sustainability material themes                                                  Sub-topics
                                                                                                              •   Customer advocacy and feedback (page 14)                               Corporate
                                  1. Supporting customers                                                     •   Responsible product design and development (page 20)                  Governance
                                  NAB is committed to ensuring customers trust us and                         •   Financial hardship and customers experiencing vulnerability
                                  choose us to deliver exceptional experiences in both                            (page 19)                                                              Statement
                                  their everyday basic needs and in their life moments that
                                                                                                              •   Financial inclusion (page 19)
                                  matter. This is fundamental to our strategic ambition to
                                  become the most customer-centric company in Australia                       •   Scams and fraud (page 19)
                                  and New Zealand.                                                            •   First Nations economic empowerment (page 20)
                                                                                                              •   Affordable and specialist housing (page 21)

                                                                                                                                                                                            Risk
                                                                                                              •   Financing the transition to net zero by 2050
                                                                                                              •   Sustainable finance
                                  2. Managing climate change

                                                                                                                                                                                         management
                                                                                                              •   Managing climate risks (physical and transition)
                                  NAB has a role in facilitating an orderly transition to net-
                                  zero by 2050, and supporting our customers to take action                   •   Biodiversity and natural capital
                                  on climate change and environmental sustainability. This                    •   Just transition
                                  ensures greater business and customer resilience and
                                                                                                              •   Operational environmental performance
                                  commercial opportunities.
                                                                                                              Summarised information can be found on pages 37 to 38. Refer
                                                                                                              to NAB's 2025 Climate Report for more detail.


                                                                                                                                                                                           Report of
                                  3. Data security, technology and innovation                                 •   Technology resilience and security (pages 16 to 19)
                                  Maintaining resilient, reliable and secure systems and                      •   Use of data, privacy and ethics (pages 17 to 19)
                                  responsibly leveraging digital innovation supports better
                                                                                                              •   AI (page 16)

                                                                                                                                                                                         the Directors
                                  customer outcomes and experience.
                                                                                                              •   Leadership (including capability initiatives) (page 24)
                                  4. Colleague engagement, inclusion and capability                           •   Talent attraction, development, retention (page 24)
                                  NAB's more than 41,000(1) colleagues are essential to being                 •   Inclusion and diversity (page 24)
                                  a customer-centric company.                                                 •   Health, safety and wellbeing (page 27)
                                                                                                              •   Employee/Industrial relations (page 69)




                                                                                                                                                                                           Financial report
                                                                                                              •   Board capability and diversity (pages 61 to 65)
                                  5. Governance, conduct and culture
                                  Being transparent, making ethical decisions and                             •   NAB values and culture (page 68)
                                  embedding accountability throughout the Group is crucial                    •   Code of Conduct (pages 69 to 70)
                                  for maintaining trust and credibility.
                                                                                                              •   Executive remuneration (page 105)
                                                                                                              •   Modern Slavery (page 40)
                                  6. Managing Human Rights                                                    •   Customer identification and management of human rights
                                  A commitment to respecting human rights is a core                               issues (page 40)
                                  foundation in how NAB operates. NAB seeks to support and
                                  respect the human rights of its colleagues, customers and
                                  the people in its communities.

                                                                                                                                                                                          Additional
                         (1) Number of full-time equivalent colleagues as at 30 September 2025, excluding discontinued operations.




                                                                                                                                                                                         information




                                                                                                                                                              2025 Annual Report   33
                        Sustainability (cont.)




                        Sustainability Risk Management                                                                 supporting policies and management practices. Refer to
                                                                                                                       Figure 1.
                        Sustainability-related risks are identified, managed and
                        reported under the Group’s Risk Management Framework.                                          Sustainability risk is managed and integrated within
                                                                                                                       processes for managing risks across material risk categories.
                        Risk governance                                                                                Sustainability risk assessment is part of the Group's credit
                        The Group CEO oversees enterprise-wide risk management                                         risk assessment and supplier risk management and due
                        through the Executive Risk & Compliance Committee (ERCC)                                       diligence processes, and factors into day-to-day decisions
                        and its supporting sub-committees, including the Group Credit                                  of colleagues.
                        & Market Risk Committee (GCMRC). The GCMRC supports the
                        ERCC in overseeing the Group’s management of credit, market,                                   Figure 1: The Group's Risk Management Strategy
                        sustainability risk and related emerging risks and their financial                             and Framework
                        implications. This includes oversight of:
                                                                                                                                                   Risk Management Framework
                        •     Sustainability-related policies, including those related to
                              human rights and the environment(1).                                                                                     Risk Management Practice

                        •     Risk appetite, including settings for emissions intensive,                                      Risk                                                                Risk
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   R
                              climate sensitive and low emissions sectors and                                              governance                                Identify                 frameworks        gove
                              human rights.
                        •     Risk profiles, sector limits and portfolio exposures.                                                           Monitor, escalate,




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                report and                        Measure
                        •     Assessment of customer-related sustainability-                                                                     remediate
                              related risks.
                                                                                                                               Risk                                                               Risk           ap
                        •     Compliance with sustainability-related obligations,                                            appetite                                                            policies
                                                                                                                                                                     Mitigate
                              voluntary initiatives, goals and targets.
                        Sustainability risk matters are escalated by the GCMRC to the
                                                                                                                                                                   Enablers
                        ERCC, Board Risk & Compliance Committee and the Board as
                        required. Refer to the Sustainability governance section on                                                                 

                        pages 30 to 31 for more detail on our sustainability-related                                                                                   

                        governance and accountabilities.
                                                                                                                       Management of sustainability
                                                                                                                                             A5 - 148.5mm (W)risk   is (H)
                                                                                                                                                              x 105mm   operationalised
                                                                                                                                                                           - @100%      through a
                        Where sustainability and associated reputation risk is
                                                                                                                       number of supporting risk frameworks and systems, including
                        high, sustainability risk matters are escalated by customer-
                                                                                                                       policies, tools and our risk appetite.
                        facing teams for discussion and consideration in business
                        unit forums (B&PB and C&IB). These forums involve                                              The Risk Appetite Framework and Group Risk Appetite
                        senior management, executives and other key internal                                           Statement (RAS) set out: (i) how the Group approaches
                                                                                                                                                                           NFN2637 - Risk Diagrams - Risk Managemen

                        stakeholders including Risk and Corporate Affairs. BNZ also has                                development of risk appetite; and (ii) the Group's tolerance for
                        a specialist customer risk assessment team and a forum to                                      risks, in either qualitative or quantitative terms. For example,
                        escalate sustainability risk matters when required.                                            setting caps or limits on key emissions intensive exposures
                                                                                                                       like coal, oil and gas. The RAS operates in conjunction with
                        The Group's risk frameworks and processes                                                      sector Credit Appetite Strategies (CAS) and the Group’s
                        Sustainability risk has been a material risk category(2) within                                High Risk ESG Sectors and Sensitive Areas list (‘Sensitive
                        the Risk Management Framework since October 2021. Further                                      Sectors (SS) List’). The SS List helps colleagues working with
                        details, including information on other material risks, are set                                customers and suppliers to identify sectors and activities that
                        out in Risk factors on pages 75 to 84.                                                         may have a higher inherent exposure to sustainability risk
                                                                                                                       across a spectrum of ESG-related areas. It sets out sectors
                        Sustainability risk is defined as “the risk that Environmental,
                                                                                                                       and activities where there is restricted or no appetite. Key
                        Social or Governance (ESG) events or conditions negatively
                                                                                                                       elements of the risk appetite framework (refer to Figure 2)
                        impact the risk and return profile, value or reputation of
                                                                                                                       are reviewed and refreshed annually, including during 2025.
                        the Group or its customers and suppliers”. Climate, nature,
                                                                                                                       The Group annually reviews its customer-related sustainability
                        and human rights-related risks are considered as part of
                                                                                                                       policies and appetite settings, to help manage sustainability
                        sustainability risk, alongside other ESG risks. Sustainability risks
                                                                                                                       risks, including those related to its exposure to emissions-
                        can manifest in other material risk categories, or be the
                                                                                                                       intensive, climate sensitive and low-emissions sectors.
                        cause of events or impacts that arise in relation to other
                        material risk categories. 'ESG risk' and 'sustainability risk' are                             During 2025, six key sustainability-related policies were
                        used interchangeably in this section and in other sections of                                  reviewed and refreshed including policies relating to human
                        this Report.                                                                                   rights(1), environment(1) and assessment of customer-related
                                                                                                                       ESG risk.
                        Effective risk management is core to execution of our Group
                        strategy and ability to be a safe and secure bank. It is integral
                        to our strategic ambition to become the most customer-
                        centric company in Australia and New Zealand. Management
                        of sustainability risk is part of day-to-day business and is
                        identified, measured, monitored, reported and overseen in
                        accordance with the Group’s Risk Management Strategy and
                        reflected in the Risk Appetite Statement (RAS) and relevant


                            (1) The Group's Human Rights Policy, Group Environmental Management Policy and Group Environmental Reporting and Offset Management Policy are available on our
                                website nab.com.au/about-us/sustainability/reporting-policies-approach/policies-resources.
                            (2) The material risks managed by the Group are: credit risk, operational risk, compliance risk, conduct risk, balance sheet and liquidity risk, market risk, sustainability risk
                                and strategic risk. For more information on these, and other principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group, refer to Risk factors on pages 75 to 84.


                        34      National Australia Bank
                        Sustainability (cont.)




                        Figure 2: Key elements of our risk appetite framework                               modern slavery risk. BNZ colleagues (98.4%) also completed
                                                                                                            modern slavery training as part of Risk Awareness training.


                                                                                                                                                                                    About
                                                                                                        •   Further integration of climate risk into NAB’s credit
                                    Group Risk Appetite Statement                                           risk framework.

                                                                                                                                                                                 this report
                             Sustainability-related tolerances (e.g fossil fuel related limits)         •   Electronic applications for sustainability risk
                                                                                                            assessment: Ongoing work is underway to provide
                                                                                                            application-based sustainability risk assessment
                                                                                                            processes for bankers. A pilot of C&IB's sustainability risk
                                                                                                            assessment application was completed and rolled out
                                                                   High Risk ESG Sectors and                more broadly across the Division. B&PB commenced work
                            Credit Appetite Strategies

                                                                                                                                                                                 Our business
                                                                      Sensitive Areas List                  on the scoping and design of a similar mini-app to assist
                                                                                                            B&PB bankers.


                                                                                                                                                                                    in 2025
                                                                                                        Sustainability risk management in lending
                                                                                                        The Group applies a risk-based approach to managing
                            The Group considers appetite and exposure to sustainability risk            sustainability-related risks and issues. Opportunities to
                                  at a lending portfolio and individual customer level                  enhance our Sustainability risk management processes are
                                                                                                        regularly identified including the methods used to identify,




                                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value
                                                                                                        assess, mitigate and monitor potential risk areas. These




For personal use only
                        Risk profiling and assessment processes are key to identifying                  include instances where the Group could cause or contribute
                        and understanding internal and external risks, including                        to negative sustainability risk-related impacts or be exposed
                        sustainability-related risks and their causes and how they may                  to specific environmental, social or governance risks and
                        impact operations and strategy execution. Risk profiling aims                   issues through suppliers and customers.
                        to identify and understand the root causes that drive change                    Colleagues in relevant customer-facing roles have day-to-
                        in sustainability-related risks - including climate, nature and                 day responsibility for identifying and managing sustainability-
                        human rights-related risks - and to support early mitigating                    related risks, including as part of managing customer and
                        actions. Risk assessments help inform decisions about the                       supplier relationships. They are supported by specialists
                        risks the Group is willing to accept, reject or mitigate. In 2025,              in Group functions and subsidiaries including ESG Risk                   Corporate
                        we continued to integrate sustainability risk considerations                    Management, Financial Crime, Legal and Sustainability
                        into risk management practices through:                                         teams. Sustainability-related roles are also embedded within            Governance
                                                                                                                                                                                 Statement
                        •   Ongoing development of physical climate risk tools                          various Divisions.
                            (FarmID, HomeID and Commercial-ID): These tools                             The Group considers exposure to risk, including
                            are being developed using climate scenarios to help                         sustainability risk, at both the lending portfolio and individual
                            NAB understand and assess physical climate risk in                          customer level. This involves assessing a range of ESG factors
                            the mortgage, commercial property and agribusiness                          and issues, including those highlighted in Table 3: Sustainability

                                                                                                                                                                                    Risk
                            portfolios. For more detail refer to the Risk Management                    risk assessment.
                            section in the 2025 Climate Report on pages 23 to 25.                       Consideration of sustainability risk in Group credit risk


                                                                                                                                                                                 management
                        •   Capability building: Bankers and credit colleagues were                     assessment and due diligence processes occurs as
                            provided with further training to build capability in                       illustrated in Figure 3 and described in more detail on page 36.
                            understanding and assessing customers' exposure to,
                            and management of, sustainability risk. This included ESG
                            online learning modules in B&PB and webinars in C&IB.
                            NAB colleagues (99.6%) completed annual Risk Awareness
                            training, including a sustainability risk-related module on

                                                                                                                                                                                   Report of

                            Sustainability risk assessment                                                                                                                       the Directors
                            Sustainability risk assessment, where triggered, involves using an ESG risk checklist to identify and understand
                            sustainability risk-related performance and issues associated with a customer. This includes, but is not limited to,
                            consideration of the factors listed in Table 3. Consideration is given to the risks inherent in sectors, activities and
                            countries in which customers' operate.




                                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
                            Table 3: Examples of ESG risk factors which may be considered in the risk assessment process
                             Environmental risk areas/factors                      Social risk areas/factors                       Governance risk areas/factors
                             •   Climate strategy, risk management, and            •   Human rights, including modern slavery      •   Corporate Governance
                                 transition planning                                   and rights of Indigenous peoples            •   Money laundering
                             •   Biodiversity and ecosystem impacts                    including FPIC
                                                                                                                                   •   Bribery, corruption
                             •   Water scarcity and quality                        •   Labour practices, including OH&S
                                                                                                                                   •   Compliance
                             •   Illegal land use change and clearing              •   Animal welfare
                                                                                                                                   •   Corporate conduct

                                                                                                                                                                                  Additional
                             •   Waste management                                  •   Predatory finance
                             •   Emissions to environment/ pollution               •   Product safety and quality


                            For certain sectors, where specific ESG-related factors need to be considered, bankers have access to specific                                       information
                            sector-based ESG questions and guidance to support assessment of these issues.



                                                                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report    35
                        Sustainability (cont.)




                        Figure 3: The Group’s credit risk assessment and due                                  Approval
                        diligence processes include the following steps, appropriate                          Lending approval is granted only where risk, including
                        to the 7-492
                               relevant sector,     business
                                     NFN2639_210x148mm_Risk       activity
                                                            Diagrams -         and
                                                                       Credit Risk    geography:September 11, 2023
                                                                                   Assessment_2A_01
                                                                                                              sustainability
                                                                                                                   10:10 am
                                                                                                                             risk, where relevant, has been effectively
                                                                                                                   evaluated, appropriately mitigated and accepted. In certain
                                                                          Origination and
                                                                          internal review
                                                                                                                   instances, where there is potential for high sustainability
                                                                                                                   or reputational risk, matters are escalated to the relevant
                                                                                                                   divisional forums or committees, Board Risk & Compliance
                                                                                                                   Committee and/or Board as appropriate.
                          Monitoring
                                                                                                                   Documentation and settlement
                                                                                                                   During documentation and settlement, customers may
                                                                                                                   be subject to conditions and covenants to address
                                                                                                                   relevant legal (e.g. modern slavery) and voluntary
                                                                                               Evaluation          obligations (e.g the Equator Principles), and to monitor
                                                                                                                   and manage specified sustainability-related risks against
                                                                                                                   agreed performance measures, including consideration of
                                                                                                                   sustainability performance KPIs when sustainability-linked
                                                                                                                   products are involved.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                   Customer engagement and monitoring
                                                                                                                   Ongoing customer relationship management, where relevant,
                                                                                                                   includes engagement with customers to discuss their
                                     Documentation
                                                                            Approval                               sustainability-related performance, issues and initiatives. This
                                     and settlement                                                                engagement assists in assessing customers' sustainability-
                                                                                                                   related performance and in understanding their sustainability
                        Origination and internal review                                                            goals and objectives, enabling the provision of appropriate
                        Assessment of sustainability risk as part of the credit risk                               products and services and the management of sustainability
                        assessment and due diligence process starts with negative                                  and reputation risk that may arise from the customer
                        media screening on B&PB, C&IB and similar BNZ customers. This                              relationship. Regular review of the customers' compliance
                        occurs at origination, internal review and where appropriate,                              with any agreed conditions and covenants with sustainability-
                        when changes occur in customers facilities, for example                                    related requirements is also undertaken. If there is evidence
                        during refinancing.                                                                        of systemic non-compliance or material issues, this may result
                                                                                                                   in termination of the relationship, if they are not addressed or
                        If potential sustainability risk issues are identified as part of
                                                                                                                   remediated to an extent that NAB or BNZ is able to accept.
                        this screening, or bankers note a customer's involvement
                        in inherently(1) high-risk sectors, activities or geographies,                             Sustainability risk management in sourcing
                        then customers are subject to sustainability-related risk
                                                                                                                   The conduct and performance of suppliers can significantly
                        assessment and due diligence in accordance with exposure-
                                                                                                                   impact NAB's sustainability as a business, as well as our
                        related trigger thresholds, as part of origination or ongoing
                                                                                                                   reputation within communities. Risk management processes
                        credit review processes.
                                                                                                                   are in place to identify, assess, mitigate and monitor potential
                        Colleagues in these areas regularly identify opportunities                                 risk areas where exposure to sustainability-related risks may
                        to enhance sustainability risk management processes. This                                  occur. The Group's Supplier Sustainability Principles set out
                        includes identifying, assessing, mitigating and monitoring                                 expectations for suppliers and are available on our website(2).
                        potential risk areas where the Group could cause or
                                                                                                                   In 2025, we conducted a review of our sourcing governance
                        contribute to negative sustainability-related impacts.
                                                                                                                   process to identify potential areas where we could improve
                        Evaluation                                                                                 integration of sustainability risk management in our sourcing.
                                                                                                                   Review recommendations will be implemented in 2026.
                        Detailed credit risk assessment and due diligence are
                        conducted as part of the evaluation process when                                           For information about managing modern slavery risk in
                        triggered by internal review. This includes the assessment                                 our sourcing processes refer to the Group's annual
                        and identification of material risk issues, incorporating                                  Modern Slavery Statement which is available when
                        sustainability-related risks, where relevant. ESG-related                                  published at: nab.com.au/about-us/sustainability/reporting-
                        checklists and a range of guidance on sensitive sectors and                                policies-approach/performance-reporting.
                        activities support risk assessment. This process may include
                        assessing a potential customer’s background, character,                                    Participating in voluntary industry initiatives
                        and sustainability-related performance, as well as the                                     The Group is a signatory to industry initiatives which help
                        geographies in which they operate.                                                         banks and others to improve sustainability-related risk
                                                                                                                   management practices. Refer to our website for further
                        Where lending is project-related, the Equator Principles may
                                                                                                                   details(3). These initiatives are assigned in NAB's Governance,
                        apply. The Equator Principles provide an environmental and
                                                                                                                   Risk and Compliance tool to ensure controls and processes
                        social risk management framework through which member
                                                                                                                   are in place to meet them.
                        banks agree to only finance projects that are managed
                        by the borrower with responsible business practices (both
                        environmental and social) and which meet and comply with
                        the Equator Principles.
                         (1) An inherently high risk means a risk where the innate level of risk inherent in a process or activity is high before any actions are undertaken to control, reduce or
                             mitigate the likelihood or severity of impacts of the risk being realised if a risk event occurs.
                         (2) The Group Supplier Sustainability Principles are available at: nab.com.au/about-us/sustainability/reporting-policies-approach/supply-chain-management.
                         (3) A list of our memberships of industry bodies is available at: nab.com.au/about-us/sustainability/reporting-policies-approach/memberships-benchmarking.


                        36   National Australia Bank
                        Climate change and environment
                        Climate strategy
                        NAB has a key role to play in supporting Australia’s transition                             2025 Climate Report

                                                                                                                                                                                                           About
                        to net zero. We aim to achieve net zero by 2050 across our                                  The 2025 Climate Report has been prepared to meet the
                        financed and facilitated emissions, and operations.                                         disclosure recommendations and adopt the disclosure

                                                                                                                                                                                                        this report
                        In 2025, NAB made progress towards its climate ambition                                     categories of the Task Force on Climate-related
                        with a focus on supporting customers, investing in                                          Financial Disclosures (TCFD Recommendations) being
                        climate capabilities, and investing in climate partnerships                                 Strategy, Governance, Risk management and Metrics
                        and advocacy.                                                                               and targets.

                        In 2025, we refreshed our climate strategy to reflect our                                   For details on how NAB has integrated elements of the
                        ambition to be the most customer-centric company in                                         TCFD requirements refer to NAB's 2025 Climate Report

                                                                                                                                                                                                        Our business
                        Australia and New Zealand. Our strategic priority is to support                             available at nab.com.au/annualreports.
                        our customers as we move together to a resilient net zero


                                                                                                                                                                                                           in 2025
                        economy. For further information on our new climate strategy
                        refer to NAB’s 2025 Climate Report.                                                     information refer to the Performance summary in NAB's 2025
                                                                                                                Climate Report.
                        Governance
                                                                                                                NAB's environmental finance ambition
                        The Board retains oversight of sustainability-related matters
                                                                                                                NAB’s Group Strategy includes a strong focus on how we
                        including climate-related risks and opportunities. Climate is




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Creating value
                                                                                                                can drive commercial responses to societal challenges. This




For personal use only
                        one of the key sustainability priority areas for NAB, and
                                                                                                                includes setting our environmental financing ambition for
                        our climate strategy, risk management and performance
                                                                                                                priority areas to support climate action.
                        are managed in line with the Group’s broader approach to
                        sustainability governance.                                                              NAB’s environmental finance ambition of $80 billion by 2030 is a
                                                                                                                key metric for quantifying and communicating climate-related
                        Risk management                                                                         opportunities for NAB and our customers. As at 30 September
                        For further details on the Group’s governance over climate-                             2025, cumulative environmental finance reached $17.7 billion,
                        related matters, including the responsibilities of management                           including $12.0 billion of lending activity and $5.7 billion of
                        and the Board, refer to the Corporate Governance Statement                              facilitated capital markets activity(1).
                        from page 49 and in Sustainability in NAB's strategy on pages                                                                                                                   Corporate
                                                                                                                Operational GHG emissions and environmental
                        29 to 31.
                                                                                                                regulatory reporting                                                                   Governance
                        In 2025, NAB continued to integrate climate risk considerations
                        into our risk management practices including as part of
                                                                                                                NAB's climate ambition is to achieve net zero by 2050                                   Statement
                                                                                                                across our operations by implementing energy efficiency
                        risk appetite, policy and frameworks, and risk assessment
                                                                                                                initiatives, reducing waste, and transitioning to renewable
                        processes associated with our operations, supply chain
                                                                                                                energy sources.
                        and customers.
                                                                                                                During the 2025 environmental reporting year, the Group’s

                                                                                                                                                                                                           Risk
                        For further information on how climate-related risks are
                                                                                                                total market-based GHG emissions (Scope 1, 2 and 3(2)) were
                        identified, measured, monitored, managed and reported refer
                                                                                                                81,267 tCO2-e (2024: 76,818(3) tCO2-e), after accounting for use
                        to the Sustainability Risk Management section on pages 34

                                                                                                                                                                                                        management
                                                                                                                of certified renewable energy. The increase in GHG emissions
                        to 36.
                                                                                                                is primarily a result of NAB expanding its Scope 3 operational
                                                                                                                emissions boundary and the expansion of operations in India
                        Metrics and targets                                                                     and Vietnam.
                        NAB uses metrics and targets to assess and
                                                                                                                The Group first avoids and reduces GHG emissions associated
                        manage performance against its climate strategy. This
                                                                                                                with its operational Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions
                        includes targets related to attributable financed and

                                                                                                                                                                                                          Report of
                                                                                                                through implementing energy efficiency initiatives and buying
                        facilitated emissions, operational emissions and NAB's
                                                                                                                renewable electricity and then retires carbon offsets for
                        environmental financing.
                                                                                                                residual emissions. The Group retired and allocated 81,267(4)(5)

                                                                                                                                                                                                        the Directors
                        Sector decarbonisation targets                                                          offsets in 2025. These offsets are a mix of Australian Carbon
                                                                                                                Credit Units (ACCUs) and Verified Carbon Units, as well as
                        NAB recognises that it can have the greatest impact
                                                                                                                offsets BNZ(6) has separately purchased through Toitū to meet
                        on reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions through the
                                                                                                                its Toitū certification requirements for BNZ operations.
                        financing it provides customers, in particular lending to high-
                        emitting sectors. NAB has set twelve sector decarbonisation                             Further information about NAB’s climate-related regulatory




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Financial report
                        targets for eight of the nine high-emitting sectors identified in                       obligations is provided in the Reducing operational emissions
                        the UNEP FI Guidance (no target set for agriculture sector) and                         section from pages 43 to 47 of the 2025 Climate Report, in the
                        continues to monitor financed and facilitated emissions to                              Environment, Social and Governance Disclosures section on
                        understand and manage exposure in our portfolio. For further                            page 86 of this Report, and on our website(7).


                         (1) For further information refer to the Environmental finance ambition section of NAB's 2025 Climate Report.
                         (2) Scope 1 GHG emissions are direct emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by an organisation including on-site fossil fuel combustion and vehicle fleet
                             fuel consumption. Scope 2 emissions are indirect emissions from purchased electricity. Scope 3 emissions relate to all other indirect emissions that occur outside
                             the boundary of the organisation as a result of the activities of the organisation. However, the Group’s Scope 3 emissions reported here only relate to operations and


                                                                                                                                                                                                         Additional
                             do not include Scope 3 emissions associated with the Group’s financed and facilitated emissions. The Group commenced reporting on Scope 3 attributable financed
                             emissions in 2021. Attributable financed emissions are not included in the Group’s operational emissions inventory boundary.
                         (3) The Group has restated its 2024 operational emissions number by 19 tCO2-e to correct an overstatement to emissions associated with waste incineration.


                                                                                                                                                                                                        information
                         (4) The Group has retired offsets based on its market-based position.
                         (5) In 2025, an additional 33 offsets have been retired to account for the impact of BNZ's moving to the 1 October 2024 - 30 September 2025 reporting year.
                         (6) BNZ is a Toitū net carbon zero certified organisation. This voluntary carbon certification programme requires adherence to a set of standards and rules on an annual
                             basis, focusing on measuring and reducing greenhouse gas emissions according to International Organization for Standardization 14064-1: 2018 standards.
                         (7) Refer to 'How we calculate our carbon emissions' on nab.com.au/about-us/sustainability/environment/performance.


                                                                                                                                                                        2025 Annual Report        37
                        Climate change and environment (cont.)




                        Nature and biodiversity                                                                      Data and insights
                        The most significant nature-related risks, opportunities,                                    The tools and technology required to support nature-related
                        impacts and dependencies are associated with NAB’s                                           insights are rapidly evolving. The Group reviews emerging
                        customers. We also give consideration to the application of                                  methods to support decision-making.
                        these factors within the Group's own operations.                                             In 2025, we continued to test and explore data and technology
                        Nature-related disclosures are presented using the Taskforce                                 solutions that support a portfolio-wide assessment of our
                        for Nature-related Financial Disclosures (TNFD) pillars                                      customers’ interface with nature, in line with TNFD guidance.
                        of governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics                                        This includes developing a trial using data analytics company,
                        and targets.                                                                                 GIST Impact, to establish a method by which NAB can
                                                                                                                     understand nature related impacts and dependencies at
                        Nature-related governance                                                                    a portfolio level, and in particular, for companies in the
                        The Group's sustainability governance framework supports                                     agriculture sector. The trial will test the extent to which data
                        consideration of nature-related risks and opportunities. Refer                               can be used to generate customer insights, and, ultimately,
                        to Sustainability governance on pages 30 to 31.                                              NAB’s ability to support customers as they engage with
                                                                                                                     sustainable practices. The work is ongoing and planned to be
                        Nature-related strategy                                                                      completed in 2026.
                        In 2025, NAB sought to further understand key international
                                                                                                                     Deforestation
                        and national developments(1) and progressed a roadmap for a
                        strategic approach to nature.                                                                Deforestation and other forms of land clearing are key




For personal use only
                                                                                                                     threats to biodiversity requiring banks, governments, industry,
                                                                                                                     and landholders to work together to develop solutions.
                                                                                                                     Deforestation is one of the nature-related impacts identified
                                                                                                                     in our preliminary portfolio assessment(2) affecting industries
                                                                                                                     such as agriculture, forestry, and energy and utilities.
                                                                                                                     If the Group becomes aware that customers are engaged in,
                                                                                                                     or alleged to be involved in, land clearing without appropriate
                                                                                                                     permits, approvals or exemptions (referred to as illegal land
                                                                                                                     clearing), the matter is investigated as set out below. Action
                                                                                                                     is taken, as appropriate, based on investigation outcomes, in
                                                                                                                     line with risk appetite and NAB's ESG, Credit and Financial Crime
                        Partnerships and engagement                                                                  policies and processes.
                        NAB engages on nature-related matters through key industry                                   In 2025, we continued to enhance our approach to managing
                        dialogues to understand key developments and issues                                          this risk and understanding our exposure.
                        impacting customers. These include:
                        •     Australian Land Conservation Alliance (ALCA)                                           Understanding our exposure
                              annual conference                                                                      In 2025, we enhanced our approach to investigating potential
                        •     Nature Positive – Business Leaders Ambition Dialogue                                   illegal land clearing by B&PB customers, which includes
                                                                                                                     Regional and Agribusiness customers. Potential illegal land
                        •     Australian Climate and Biodiversity Foundation Nature
                                                                                                                     clearing may be identified when:
                              Positive Roundtable
                        •     Australian Sustainability Framework Initiative Natural Capital                         1. Reviewing applications to onboard new customers;
                              Advisory Group                                                                         2. A banker suspects illegal land clearing may be occurring on
                        •     Responsible Investment Association of Australasia’s Nature                                a customer’s property; or
                              Working Group                                                                          3. We are alerted to the possibility of illegal land clearing
                        •     Business Council for Sustainable Development Australia                                    occurring on a customer’s property either through media
                                                                                                                        reporting or external party engagement.
                        •     UNEP-FI
                                                                                                                     NAB considers State and Federal permitting and approval
                        •     Australian Agricultural Sustainability Framework
                                                                                                                     requirements and Matters of National Environmental
                        NAB continued to take steps to better understand First                                       Significance under the Environmental Protection and
                        Nations customer relationships with nature, focusing on                                      Biodiversity Conservation (EPBC) Act 1999.
                        customers involved in agriculture, aquaculture (including
                                                                                                                     Any actions to be taken with a customer to manage
                        fishing), nature-based tourism, and Caring for Country.
                                                                                                                     identified risk are based upon the outcome of investigations.
                        This analysis will continue in 2026, involving community,                                    This may include placing a customer on close monitoring,
                        industry and academic perspectives.                                                          considering contractual protections, providing additional
                                                                                                                     finance if required to support rehabilitation, limiting additional
                        Nature-related risk management                                                               lending, or reducing our exposure.
                        NAB regularly updates and evolves its approach to risk                                       In 2025, we investigated allegations of illegal land clearing
                        management in response to changes in science, technology,                                    in respect of 36 B&PB customers. This is in addition to the
                        regulation, voluntary initiatives and societal expectations,                                 application of our updated ESG checklist processes, which
                        including annual review of risk appetite.                                                    apply when onboarding new customers or at annual review.




                            (1) This includes, for example the TNFD, Nature Positive Initiative, and the Federal Government’s Nature Positive Plan.
                            (2) Refer to the 2025 Sustainability Data Pack, 'Exposures' tab. Available at nab.com.au/annualreports.


                        38      National Australia Bank
                        Climate change and environment (cont.)




                                                                                                                 Additionally, educational briefings with external experts took
                           Supporting tools and data                                                             place with a cohort of senior bankers and executives.


                                                                                                                                                                                             About
                           We use a range of publicly available tools and
                                                                                                                 Engaging with key stakeholders
                           data sources to help us understand our exposure,
                                                                                                                 We continue to engage with key stakeholders (investors,
                                                                                                                                                                                          this report
                           including the:
                                                                                                                 customers, industry associations, government, environmental
                           •   Department of Climate Change, Energy, Environment
                                                                                                                 non-government organisations) to further build NAB's
                               and Water’s (DCCEEW) Protected Matters Search
                                                                                                                 understanding of deforestation, availability of data and tools
                               Tool. This tool provides general guidance on
                                                                                                                 to support the management of deforestation-related risk.
                               Matters of National Environmental Significance or
                               other matters protected under the EPBC Act. It is                                 In 2025, this included:


                                                                                                                                                                                          Our business
                               used to understand whether environmental assets                                   •    Regular engagement with the Australian
                               exist at a given location and requirements for                                         Conservation Foundation.
                               environmental assessments.

                                                                                                                                                                                             in 2025
                                                                                                                 •    Participation in a World Resources Institute-convened
                           •   The Australian National University’s Vegetation                                        workshop on land conversion.
                               Monitoring and Assessment Program (VMAP), which                                   •    Participation in the launch of the VMAP tool.
                               provides information on woody vegetation, such as
                               trees, across Australia. The VMAP website provides                                Broader actions
                               satellite imagery over different time periods, which
                                                                                                                 Managing deforestation is a complex and evolving matter




                                                                                                                                                                                            Creating value
                               helps to understand how tree coverage is changing




For personal use only
                                                                                                                 that requires ongoing and coordinated societal action beyond
                               at a given location or area.
                                                                                                                 NAB’s direct remit. This includes:
                                                                                                                 •    Education and awareness-raising material and activities
                        Enhancements to customer risk assessment                                                      relating to landholder obligations under State and Federal
                                                                                                                      legislation, including the Environmental Protection and
                        During 2025, we enhanced our customer risk assessment and                                     Biodiversity Conservation Act.
                        due diligence processes to include specific questions on
                        deforestation to support bankers to identify potential issues.                           •    The interplay between supranational initiatives such as the
                        This included changing our risk-based trigger thresholds for                                  Accountability Framework Initiative and Australian (State
                        sustainability-related risk assessment, which means more                                      and Federal) legislation on vegetation management.                  Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                         Governance
                        customers are now subject to enhanced assessment, giving                                 •    Trade restrictions such as the European Union
                        NAB a better understanding of customers’ plans to undertake                                   Deforestation Regulation and emerging corporate
                        vegetation clearing activities. These changes apply to new                                    commitments to procure deforestation-free products                  Statement
                        customers, or existing customers that are applying for                                        within the agricultural value chains, which may present
                        new finance.                                                                                  commercial risk for some producers.
                                                                                                                 •    Development of product accreditation and
                        Exploring data and analytical solutions
                                                                                                                      traceability solutions.

                                                                                                                                                                                             Risk
                        We are exploring solutions to augment publicly available tools
                                                                                                                 •    Availability of regular, nationally consistent data on land
                        to understand where land clearing may occur in our lending
                                                                                                                      use change at a sufficiently detailed resolution to
                        portfolio, including commencing a trial using geospatial

                                                                                                                                                                                          management
                                                                                                                      allow prompt identification of activities that may be
                        analytics (see below). This trial includes exploring how existing
                                                                                                                      considered deforestation.
                        and new environmental and vegetation coverage information
                        could be incorporated within our operating platforms.                                    Nature-related metrics and targets
                                                                                                                 Since 2022, the Group has prepared integrated annual reports
                                                                                                                 encompassing our environmental performance. The data the
                           Trialling data-driven insights – Geoscape
                                                                                                                                                                                            Report of
                                                                                                                 Group collects regarding our direct impact on nature is
                           Geoscape Australia delivers geospatial intelligence                                   provided in the table below.
                           specialising in sourcing, contracting, managing, and

                                                                                                                                                                                          the Directors
                           delivering location capabilities to enable a smarter,                                     Driver of nature change          Direct impact measure
                           safer, more productive Australia.
                                                                                                                     Climate change                   Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions
                           Geoscape is delivering a trial case involving information
                           about vegetation, which underpins State-based                                             Land freshwater/ocean            Water use (potable
                                                                                                                     use change                       water withdrawal)
                           vegetation management legislation. The trial case is due




                                                                                                                                                                                            Financial report
                           to be completed in 2026 and will provide insights in                                      Resource use/replenishment       Gross energy use
                           support of our efforts to manage this risk.                                                                                Office paper use
                                                                                                                                                      Vehicle fuels
                                                                                                                     Waste                            Waste to landfill
                        Building awareness and capability
                        This year we invested in additional mandatory training for B&PB
                                                                                                                 Further information about nature and environmental
                        bankers who serve customers in industries such as agriculture
                                                                                                                 performance is contained in the 2025 Sustainability Data
                        and property development. This includes potential impacts
                                                                                                                 Pack(1). This includes an assessment of exposure to nature-
                        on sensitive sites, biodiversity, threatened or endangered
                                                                                                                 related impacts and dependencies.
                                                                                                                                                                                           Additional
                        species, and rehabilitation obligations. It also includes an
                        example about illegal land clearing to highlight this specific                           NAB will continue to implement initiatives that strive to reduce
                                                                                                                 its impact across these environmental operational metrics,
                                                                                                                                                                                          information
                        risk for bankers.
                                                                                                                 and report on performance.


                         (1) Refer to the 2025 Sustainability Data Pack, 'Exposures' tab. Available at nab.com.au/annualreports.


                                                                                                                                                               2025 Annual Report   39
                        Respecting human rights
                        The Group recognises the fundamental worth of all people                                 activity. Reporting to regulators and law enforcement in
                        by respecting human rights and understands businesses                                    Australia and New Zealand is undertaken as required on
                        can have a significant impact on how individuals experience                              possible crime-related activity, including modern slavery and
                        human rights.                                                                            exploitation. Further information is disclosed within NAB’s
                        Human rights remained a material area of interest to investors                           Modern Slavery Statement. The 2025 Statement will be
                        and stakeholders in 2025, with a key focus on modern slavery                             available from December 2025.
                        risks, due diligence processes, and customers’ approach to
                                                                                                                 Risk assessment and due diligence
                        human rights.
                                                                                                                 We aim to proactively identify, assess and address
                        Our approach                                                                             sustainability-related risks and impacts which may
                        Respecting human rights is a key foundation of our Group                                 arise in business relationships with customers and
                        Human Rights Policy(1) and is embedded in our Who We Are                                 suppliers. Our human rights due diligence process
                        behaviours and codes of conduct. It is also a key expectation                            is detailed at nab.com.au/about-us/sustainability/reporting-
                        of voluntary initiatives we participate in, for example, the                             policies-approach/human-rights-approach.
                        Principles for Responsible Banking.                                                      The Group's sustainability risk assessment processes, when
                                                                                                                 triggered, include consideration of human rights risk in
                        Exposure to human rights risk                                                            customers' and suppliers' direct operations and value chain.
                        The Group is exposed to human rights risk. Concerns may arise                            Further details on how sustainability risk assessment is
                        through both directly managed operations and relationships                               conducted are provided in the Sustainability Risk Management




For personal use only
                        we have with customers and suppliers. This exposure may                                  section on pages 34 to 36.
                        occur via banking operations, customer relationships, supply
                        chain management, private wealth-related services and the                                Managing grievances
                        communities in which we operate.                                                         NAB's human rights grievance process sets out how
                        NAB has identified salient human rights issues – those at risk                           human rights concerns are investigated and addressed.
                        of generating the most severe negative impacts – through                                 Feedback and concerns can be submitted via the
                        direct activities or relationships with others. Consideration of                         mailbox grievances@nab.com.au, with referrals made to the
                        these issues is embedded in NAB’s risk management practices                              appropriate area for investigation and action. Guidance on
                        and informs mitigating actions.                                                          submitting a concern is available on the website in multiple
                                                                                                                 languages. Data on human rights related grievances that were
                        Risk Management Framework Integration                                                    received and investigated in 2025 are available in our 2025
                                                                                                                 Sustainability Data pack(2).
                        Sustainability Risk, which includes human rights risk, is
                        integrated in the Group’s Risk Management Framework. Where
                                                                                                                 Emerging human rights issues
                        applicable, human rights risks are considered in our risk
                        appetite, policies, High Risk ESG-Sensitive Sectors and Areas                            Issues relating to human rights increasingly intersect
                        list, and as part of the sustainability-related risk assessment,                         with major societal challenges, making them emerging
                        conducted during customer due diligence, where relevant.                                 issues for companies. Examples currently being considered
                                                                                                                 and integrated into the Group's risk management
                        Further details on how sustainability risk, including risks                              response include:
                        associated with human rights, is managed using a risk-based
                        approach within lending and sourcing activities is provided in                           •   Risks arising from the use and evolution of AI
                        the Sustainability Risk Management section on pages 34 to 36.                                including considerations of privacy, freedom of thought,
                                                                                                                     accessibility and the impact of AI tools such as chat-bots.
                        Managing human rights risk                                                               •   Consideration of children's rights in financial services –
                        In 2025, the Group undertook a range of activities as part of its                            addressed through safety by design principles in product
                        continuous improvement of human rights risk management:                                      and service development and financial crime risk programs
                                                                                                                     to identify and reduce crimes involving child exploitation.
                        •    Reviewed and refreshed the Group Human Rights Policy and
                             related guidance (effective from October 2025).                                     •   Environmental challenges such as climate change and
                                                                                                                     biodiversity loss which can significantly affect well-being by
                        •    Participated in industry body working groups.
                                                                                                                     impacting on rights to life, health, food, water, housing, and
                        •    Met with First Nations leaders to listen to perspectives                                self-determination, particularly for First Nations peoples
                             about project developments.                                                             and other populations who are at greater risk of
                        •    Rolled out additional ESG training, including information on                            experiencing vulnerability.
                             human rights (further details are provided on page 35).                             •   Growing expectations regarding First Nations people's
                        •    Reviewed the effectiveness of human rights questions                                    rights and Free, Prior and Informed Consent,
                             used in our sustainability-related risk assessment process                              supported by new guidance materials for business.
                             via ESG risk checklists.                                                                For example, the Dhawura Ngilan Principles proposes
                        •    Updated the Third-Party Risk Module in NAB’s Governance,                                best practices for private sector engagement on First
                             Risk and Compliance tool to reflect additional sourcing                                 Nations Cultural Heritage and are accompanied by
                             categories identified with potentially high modern slavery                              implementation guidance.
                             risk following a 2024 review.
                        Our Financial Crime teams in Australia and New Zealand
                        also help manage human rights risk through the work they
                        do. All colleagues have a role in identifying instances of
                        human impact crime by raising reports on unusual account

                            (1) Further information about our approach to human rights and a copy of the Group Human Rights Policy is available at nab.com.au/about-us/sustainability/reporting-
                                policies-approach/human-rights-approach.
                            (2) Available at nab.com.au/annualreports.


                        40      National Australia Bank
                        Respecting human rights (cont.)




                        Human rights issues covered in this Report and the Group's Modern Slavery Statement
                        The Group's 2025 Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement will be available in December on our website(1). The statement

                                                                                                                                                                                       About
                        will outline actions taken to manage modern slavery and human trafficking risk in operations and the value chain. The Group
                        has reported on modern slavery since 2016. The statement will also provide information about ongoing participation in industry
                        working groups and training provided to colleagues to refresh and build understanding of human rights risks as part of risk
                        awareness and financial crime training. In 2025, new ESG risk learning modules were provided to B&PB and C&IB bankers.                                      this report
                        Throughout this Report, a range of initiatives and activities are disclosed illustrating how the Group manages and mitigates
                        human rights risks to people and to NAB. These activities are also of interest to stakeholders, and include:

                         Human Rights Issues                                       Relevant References


                                                                                                                                                                                    Our business
                         First Nations Inclusion and                               •   Page 20
                         Economic Empowerment                                      •   Reconciliation Action Plan 2024–2027


                                                                                                                                                                                       in 2025
                         Inclusion and Diversity                                   •   Pages 24 to 26
                                                                                   •   Accessibility Action Plan 2025–2026
                         Modern Slavery                                            •   2025 Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement (available December 2025)
                         Climate Change                                            •   2025 Climate Report
                                                                                   •   Page 37




                                                                                                                                                                                      Creating value
                         Disaster Support                                          •   Ready Together program: page 28




For personal use only
                         Hardship and Vulnerability                                •   Pages 19 and 21
                                                                                   •   Customer Vulnerability Framework 2024–2026
                         Technology, AI, and Data Ethics                           •   Pages 16 and 17
                                                                                   •   Human rights section above




                                                                                                                                                                                    Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                   Governance
                                                                                                                                                                                    Statement




                                                                                                                                                                                       Risk

                                                                                                                                                                                    management




                                                                                                                                                                                      Report of

                                                                                                                                                                                    the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                     Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                    information

                         (1) Refer to nab.com.au/about-us/sustainability/reporting-policies-approach/performance-reporting available in December 2025.


                                                                                                                                                         2025 Annual Report   41
                                                                                           Ernst & Young                          Tel: +61 3 9288 8000
                                                                                           8 Exhibition Street                    Fax: +61 3 8650 7777
                                                                                           Melbourne VIC 3000 Australia           ey.com/au
                                                                                           GPO Box 67 Melbourne VIC 3001




                        Independent Limited Assurance Report to the Management and Directors
                        of National Australia Bank Limited
                        Our Conclusion:

                        Ernst & Young (‘EY’, ‘we’) were engaged by National Australia Bank Limited (‘NAB’) to undertake a limited assurance
                        engagement as defined by Australian Auditing Standards, hereafter referred to as a ‘review’, over the Subject Matter
                        defined below for the periods defined below. Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have
                        obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe the Subject Matter has not been prepared, in




For personal use only
                        all material respects, in accordance with the Criteria defined below.

                        We reviewed the following Subject Matter in NAB’s Annual Report (“AR”) and Sustainability Data Pack (“SDP”)
                        (the ‘Reports’):

                                                                                                          Criteria applied by NAB
                        What our review covered (Subject Matter)                                                                                Period               Location
                                                                                                          (Criteria)

                        NAB’s specified GHG emissions and offset data
                        from operations in Australia, New Zealand,     NAB Group Environmental
                        United Kingdom, France, United States and Asia Reporting and Offset
                        as included in the AR and SDP.                 Management Policy and
                                                                       reporting methodologies
                        Refer to Appendix A for detailed metrics.

                        NAB’s progress for the year ended 30 June                                                                                1 July 2024 to 30
                                                                                                                                                                     AR, SDP
                        2025 towards NAB Group 2030 science-based                                                                                June 2025
                                                                                                          Sectorial Decarbonisation
                        emissions target to reduce scope 1 and 2
                                                                                                          Approach (SDA) methodology
                        (market-based method) GHG emissions from
                                                                                                          published by the Science-Based
                        operations, from a 2022 base-year previously
                                                                                                          Target Initiative and developed
                        disclosed in NAB's 2024 Climate Report, and
                                                                                                          jointly by CDP, the World
                        disclosed in the 2025 AR and SDP.
                                                                                                          Resources Institute and WWF
                        Refer to Appendix B for detailed metrics.

                        NAB’s preparation and application of its
                        materiality process for NAB’s ESG material
                        themes against the Assurance Criteria of the                                      Principles of materiality and
                        Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) for defining                                    completeness as defined by the
                                                                                                                                                                     AR
                        reporting content (outlined in GRI 3: Material                                    Global Reporting Initiative (‘GRI’)
                        Topics 2021), as included in NAB's 2025 AR.                                       Standard                               1 October 2024 to
                                                                                                                                                 30 September 2025
                        Refer to Appendix C for detailed metrics.                                                                                unless otherwise
                                                                                                                                                 stated
                        NAB’s reported performance of 26 sustainability
                        and 6 Reconciliation Action Plan (“RAP”) non-
                        financial performance metrics as included in the NAB Group Methodology as
                                                                                                                                                                     AR, SDP
                        AR and SDP.                                      reported in the AR and the SDP

                        Refer to Appendix C for detailed metrics.


                        Other than as described in the preceding paragraphs, which set out the scope of our engagement, we did not
                        perform assurance procedures on the remaining information included in the Reports, and accordingly, we do not
                        express an opinion or conclusion on this information.




                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                                                                                                                                         About

                                                                                                                                                      this report



                        Key responsibilities


                                                                                                                                                      Our business
                        NAB’s responsibility


                                                                                                                                                         in 2025
                        NAB’s management is responsible for selecting the Criteria, and for presenting the Subject Matter in accordance
                        with that Criteria, in all material respects. This responsibility includes establishing and maintaining internal controls,
                        maintaining adequate records and making estimates that are relevant to the preparation of the Subject Matter, such
                        that it is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.




                                                                                                                                                        Creating value
                        EY’s responsibility and independence




For personal use only
                        Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the Subject Matter based on our review.

                        We have complied with the independence and relevant ethical requirements, which are founded on fundamental
                        principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional
                        behaviour.

                        The firm applies Auditing Standard ASQM 1 Quality Management for Firms that Perform Audits or Reviews of
                        Financial Reports and Other Financial Information, or Other Assurance or Related Services Engagements, which                  Corporate
                        requires the firm to design, implement and operate a system of quality management including policies or procedures
                        regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory                   Governance
                        requirements.                                                                                                                 Statement

                        Our approach to conducting the review

                        We conducted this review in accordance with the Australian Auditing and Assurance Standards Board’s Australian

                                                                                                                                                         Risk
                        Standard on Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information (‘ASAE
                        3000’), Assurance Engagements on Greenhouse Gas Statements (ASAE 3410) and the terms of reference for this

                                                                                                                                                      management
                        engagement as agreed with NAB. That standard requires that we plan and perform our engagement to express a
                        conclusion on whether anything has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the Subject Matter is not
                        prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the Criteria, and to issue a report.

                        Summary of review procedures performed


                                                                                                                                                        Report of
                        A review consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for preparing the Subject Matter and related
                        information and applying analytical and other review procedures.

                        The nature, timing, and extent of the procedures selected depend on our judgement, including an assessment of the             the Directors
                        risk of material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. The procedures we performed included, but were not
                        limited to:




                                                                                                                                                        Financial report
                                  •      Conducting interviews with personnel to understand the business, reporting processes and systems for
                                         collecting and collating data.
                                  •      Undertaking analytical review procedures to support the reasonableness of the data underpinning the
                                         Subject Matter.
                                  •      Testing, on a sample basis, underlying source information to inspect the accuracy of the data.
                                  •      Evaluating that the calculation criteria have been correctly applied in accordance with the methodologies
                                         outlined in the criteria.
                                  •      Identifying and testing underlying assumptions related to the Subject Matter.
                                  •      Evaluating the appropriateness of the presentation of selected performance disclosures in the Reports.

                        We believe that the evidence obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our review conclusion.              Additional

                                                                                                                                                      information


                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                        Inherent limitations

                        Procedures performed in a review engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for, a
                        reasonable assurance engagement. Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a review engagement is
                        substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been
                        performed. Our procedures were designed to obtain a limited level of assurance on which to base our conclusion and
                        do not provide all the evidence that would be required to provide a reasonable level of assurance.

                        While we considered the effectiveness of management’s internal controls when determining the nature and extent of
                        our procedures, our assurance engagement was not designed to provide assurance on internal controls. Our




For personal use only
                        procedures did not include testing controls or performing procedures relating to assessing aggregation or
                        calculation of data within IT systems.

                        The greenhouse gas quantification process is subject to scientific uncertainty, which arises because of incomplete
                        scientific knowledge about the measurement of greenhouse gases. Additionally, greenhouse gas procedures are
                        subject to estimation and measurement uncertainty resulting from the measurement and calculation processes used
                        to quantify emissions within the bounds of existing scientific knowledge.

                        Other matters

                        We have not performed assurance procedures in respect of any information relating to prior reporting periods,
                        including those presented in the Subject Matter, with the exception of the metrics disclosed in Appendix B. Our
                        report does not extend to any disclosures or assertions made by NAB relating to future performance plans and/or
                        strategies disclosed in the AR and SDP.

                        Use of our Assurance Report

                        We disclaim any assumption of responsibility for any reliance on this assurance report to any persons other than
                        management and the Directors of NAB, or for any purpose other than that for which it was prepared.

                        Our review included web-based information that was available via web links as of the date of this statement. We
                        provide no assurance over changes to the content of this web-based information after the date of this assurance
                        statement.




                        Ernst & Young
                        Melbourne, Australia
                        6 November 2025




                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                                                                                                                                                  About

                                                                                                                                                               this report



                        Appendix A


                                                                                                                                                               Our business
                        NAB’s specified GHG emissions and offset data from operations in Australia, New Zealand, United Kingdom, France,
                        United States and Asia as included in the AR and SDP:

                                                                                                                                  Tonnes of carbon                in 2025
                          #      Non-financial performance metrics                                                                dioxide equivalent
                                                                                                                                  (tCO2-e)
                                 Actual consolidated Scope 1, Scope 2 (market-based method) and selected Scope 3




                                                                                                                                                                 Creating value
                          1      (as determined by NAB) net GHG emissions for the year ended 30 June 2025 (after                  81,267




For personal use only
                                 renewable energy)
                                 Actual quantity of carbon offsets purchased and retired for the year ended 30 June
                          2                                                                                                       81,267
                                 2025 (excluding BNZ adjustments)


                        Appendix B

                                                                                                                                             Percentage
                                                                                                                                                               Corporate
                          #      Non-financial performance metric
                                                                                                                                             (%)
                                 NAB’s progress for the year ended 30 June 2025 towards NAB Group 2030 science-based                                          Governance
                                                                                                                                                               Statement
                          1      emissions target to reduce scope 1 and 2 (market-based method) GHG emissions from                           64
                                 operations, from a 2022 base-year


                        Appendix C


                                                                                                                                                                  Risk
                        NAB’s reported performance of 26 sustainability and 6 Reconciliation Action Plan (“RAP”) non-financial performance
                        metrics as included in the AR and SDP:

                                                                                                                     Page                                      management
                          #        Sustainability non-financial performance metrics                       Location   number     Tab (SDP)         Scope
                                                                                                                     (AR)
                          Customers


                                                                                                                                                                 Report of
                                                                                                          AR &
                                   Net Promoter Score (by segment)                                                   5, 91      General           Australia
                                                                                                          SDP
                          1

                                                                                                                                                               the Directors
                                                                                                          AR &
                                   Net Promoter Score (by segment)                                                   5          General           NZ
                                                                                                          SDP
                                   Total customer complaints (by region), including:
                                   -    Total number of substantiated customer privacy
                                        complaints received from regulatory bodies and
                                                                                                          SDP        SDP only   General           Australia




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial report
                                        other outside parties
                                   -    Total number of complaints referred by customers
                                        to ombudsmen/external dispute resolution bodies
                          2
                                   Total customer complaints (by region), including:
                                   -    Total number of substantiated customer privacy
                                        complaints received from regulatory bodies and
                                                                                                          SDP        SDP only   General           NZ
                                        other outside parties
                                   -    Total number of complaints referred by customers
                                        to ombudsmen/external dispute resolution bodies

                          3        Total number of customer accounts in financial hardship
                                                                                                          AR &
                                                                                                                     19
                                                                                                                                Financial
                                                                                                                                                  Australia     Additional
                                                                                                          SDP                   Health
                                                                                                                                                               information


                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                                                                                                     Page
                          #        Sustainability non-financial performance metrics                       Location   number       Tab (SDP)      Scope
                                                                                                                     (AR)
                                   Cure rate (percentage of customers with accounts back                                          Financial
                          4                                                                               SDP        SDP only                    Australia
                                   on track with repayments after 30 days/90 days)                                                Health
                                                                                                          AR &                    Financial
                                   Number and dollar value of microfinance loans written                             19                          Australia
                                                                                                          SDP                     Health
                          5
                                   Number and dollar value of microfinance loans and                                              Financial
                                                                                                          SDP        SDP only                    NZ
                                   advances written                                                                               Health




For personal use only
                                   Number of critical and high priority technology
                          6                                                                               SDP        SDP only     General        Australia
                                   incidents
                                   Cumulative progress against ambition to lend $6bn to                   AR &
                          7                                                                                          5, 21        Financing      Australia
                                   affordable and specialist housing by 2029                              SDP
                                   Number of data breach notifications sent to the Office
                          8                                                                               AR         17           AR only        Australia
                                   of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC)
                          Conduct
                                   Number of Code of Conduct breaches (by category and
                                                                                                          SDP        SDP only     Culture        Australia
                                   outcome)
                          9
                                   Code of Conduct breaches identified that resulted in                                                          Australia
                                                                                                          AR         124          AR only
                                   formal consequences                                                                                           & NZ
                                   Number of whistleblower disclosures received under the
                                   Whistleblower Policy (inc. partially or fully
                          10                                                                              SDP        SDP only     Culture        Australia
                                   substantiated, not substantiated and remaining under
                                   investigation)
                          Workforce
                                   Total workforce (by contract type, gender, headcount,                  AR &
                          11                                                                                         23           Workforce
                                   age group, employment level, geographic region)                        SDP
                                   Representation of women in total workforce and by                      AR &
                          12                                                                                         26           Workforce
                                   employment level                                                       SDP
                                   Representation of women in management and                              AR &
                          13                                                                                         26           Workforce
                                   Executive Management                                                   SDP
                                                                                                                                                 Group
                                   Rate of employee turnover (voluntary/involuntary) by
                          14                                                                              SDP        SDP only     Culture
                                   gender
                                   Ratio of basic salary, women to men (by employment
                          15                                                                              SDP        SDP only     Remuneration
                                   level and location)
                                                                                                          AR &
                          16       Representation of women on Group Subsidiary Boards                                26           Workforce
                                                                                                          SDP
                          Culture, inclusion and diversity
                          17       Workforce composition by diverse segment                               SDP        SDP only     Workforce
                                                                                                          AR &
                          18       Inclusive workforce culture – colleague inclusion score                           26           Workforce
                                                                                                          SDP
                                                                                                                                                 Group
                                                                                                          AR &       5, 24, 91,
                          19       Colleague engagement score                                                                     Culture
                                                                                                          SDP        98, 115
                          20       Colleague engagement survey response rate                              SDP        SDP only     Culture




                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                                                                                                                                               About

                                                                                                                                                            this report



                                                                                                                     Page
                          #        Sustainability non-financial performance metrics                       Location   number     Tab (SDP)      Scope

                                                                                                                                                            Our business
                                                                                                                     (AR)
                                   Progress against 2023-2026 Inclusion & Diversity

                                                                                                                                                               in 2025
                                                                                                          AR &
                          21       measurable objectives: Representation of women                                    26         Workforce
                                                                                                          SDP
                                   during FY25
                                                                                                          AR &
                          22       Gender pay gap                                                                    26         Workforce
                                                                                                          SDP
                                                                                                          AR &




                                                                                                                                                              Creating value
                          23       Return to work rate following parental leave (by gender)                          25         Culture        Australia




For personal use only
                                                                                                          SDP
                          Community
                                   Community Investment (by dollar value, region,                         AR &
                          24                                                                                         13         Investment     Group
                                   category, focus area)                                                  SDP
                          Supply chain

                          25       Spend with diverse suppliers during FY25                               SDP        SDP only   Supply Chain   Australia
                                                                                                                                                            Corporate
                                                                                                                                                           Governance
                          26       Number of diverse suppliers engaged                                    SDP        SDP only   Supply Chain   Australia

                                                                                                                                                            Statement
                                                                                                                     Page
                                                                                                                                Tab
                          #        RAP non-financial performance metrics                                  Location   number                    Scope
                                                                                                                                (SDP)
                                                                                                                     (AR)


                                                                                                                                                               Risk
                                   Spend with First Nations suppliers in FY25                             AR &
                          1                                                                                          13, 20     Supply Chain
                                                                                                          SDP


                                                                                                                                                            management
                                   Progress towards the $1bn lending target to First
                                                                                                          AR &
                          2        Nations businesses and community organisations in                                 5, 7, 20   Financing
                                                                                                          SDP
                                   FY25
                                   Number of First Nations customers supported through
                                   NAB’s microfinance and No Interest Loans Scheme
                          3                                                                               SDP        SDP only   Financial
                                   (NILS) delivered in partnership with Good Shephard in
                                                                                                                                                              Report of
                                                                                                                                Health         Australia
                                   FY25
                                   Number of First Nations university students internship
                                                                                                                                                            the Directors
                                                                                                          AR &
                          4        opportunities offered in FY25                                                     21         Training
                                                                                                          SDP
                                   Number of First Nations school based and adult                         AR &
                          5        traineeships offered in FY25                                                      21         Training
                                                                                                          SDP
                                   Number of self-identified First Nations employees                      AR &




                                                                                                                                                              Financial report
                          6                                                                                          21         Workforce
                                                                                                          SDP




                                                                                                                                                             Additional

                                                                                                                                                            information


                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                This page has been intentionally left blank.




For personal use only
                                                                                                            About

                                                                                                         this report




                                                                                                         Our business

                                                                                                            in 2025


                        Corporate Governance
                        Statement                                                                          Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                                         Corporate
                                                                                                        Governance
                                                                                                        Statement




                                                                                                            Risk


                        The following information forms part of the Corporate Governance Statement       management

                        (Statement) for the purposes of the ASX Corporate Governance Council’s
                        Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations:

                        • Information on the Inclusion and diversity policy and measurable objectives      Report of
                          (pages 24 to 26)
                        • Risk management overview (page 74), including Sustainability Risk              the Directors
                          Management (page 74)




                                                                                                           Financial report




                                                                                                          Additional

                                                                                                         information
                        Corporate
                        Governance Framework
                        This Statement describes NAB’s approach to corporate governance and governance practices.
                        NAB aims to maintain and promote high standards of corporate governance to support strong business performance and
                        retain the trust of shareholders, customers, colleagues, regulators and the community. NAB continually strives to improve its
                        governance, accountability and risk management practices to meet the needs of its business and stakeholders.
                        NAB's Corporate Governance Framework is based on accountability, delegation and oversight to support sound and
                        prudent decision-making.
                        As a fundamental element of NAB’s culture and business practices, its Corporate Governance Framework guides effective
                        decision-making in all areas of the Group through:
                        •    Strategic and operational planning.
                        •    Culture, purpose, values and conduct.
                        •    Risk management and compliance.
                        •    Customer outcomes.
                        •    Financial management.
                        •    External reporting.




For personal use only
                        •    People and remuneration.
                        The following diagram shows the key components of NAB's Corporate Governance Framework. The key functions of the Board and
                        its committees are outlined in this Statement.



                                                                                        Shareholders


                                                                                          NAB Board
                        Independent
                           assurance           Board Audit           Board Risk &          Board People &          Board Customer      Board Nomination
                          and advice           Committee             Compliance            Remuneration              Committee           & Governance
                                                                     Committee              Committee                                     Committee
                                                                                                                                                          Strategy
                                                                                                                                                          and risk
                                                                                                                                                          management
                                                                                        Management

                                            Group Chief Executive Officer (CEO)                                                                           Purpose,
                                            Executive Leadership Team                                                                                     values and
                                                                                                                                                          culture
                                            The Board reserves certain powers for itself and delegates certain authority and responsibility for
                                            day-to-day management of the Group to the Group CEO (and other people as appropriate). The Group CEO
                                            in turn delegates certain authorities and responsibilities to Group Executives. These delegations are
                                            regularly reviewed and are consistent with the requirements of the Financial Accountability Regime (FAR).
                                            Regardless of any delegation by the Group CEO, the Group CEO is accountable to the Board for the exercise
                                            of delegated power and management’s performance.


                                                                                       Policies, systems and processes

                        NAB follows the 4th edition ASX Corporate Governance Council’s Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations in this
                        Statement. This Statement has been approved by the Board and is current as at 30 September 2025.




                        50     National Australia Bank
                        Board of Directors
                        Board of Directors                                                 Business Banking where he had end-to-end accountability
                                                                                           for the division. Prior to Bank of Montreal, Andrew was with
                        Details of NAB directors in office at the date of this Report,
                                                                                           strategy consulting firm McKinsey & Company between 2002
                                                                                                                                                                    About
                        including each director’s qualifications, experience and other
                                                                                           and 2008 in Canada, including as Associate Partner with
                        directorships and interests are below.
                                                                                           specific focus on clients in the financial services industry.
                                                                                                                                                                 this report
                        The Board acknowledges that directors benefit from being           Before working in consulting, Andrew worked in investment
                        involved in a broad range of governance roles provided             banking at Credit Agricole in London.
                        directors have the capacity to devote sufficient time and
                                                                                           Andrew has a deep understanding of customers developed
                        effort to fulfil their NAB responsibilities. The Chair, with the
                                                                                           over a career in banking, and significant leadership
                        assistance of the Nomination & Governance Committee, has
                                                                                           experience in using data, insights and technology to meet
                        determined each director meets this requirement.
                                                                                           customer needs.
                                                                                           Other business and market experience: Andrew has                      Our business
                                                                                           extensive experience in leading organisations through

                                                                                                                                                                    in 2025
                                                                                           significant change, growth and to a market leading position.
                          Mr Philip Chronican
                                                                                           Other relevant interests: Andrew's other interests include
                          BCom (Hons), MBA
                                                                                           Australian Banking Association (Chair) and the Financial
                          (Dist),GAICD, SF Fin
                                                                                           Markets Foundation for Children (Director).




                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value




For personal use only
                        Term of office: Chair and independent non-executive
                        director. Non-executive director since May 2016 and Chair
                        of the Board and the Board’s Nomination & Governance
                        Committee since November 2019.                                       Ms Kathryn Fagg AC
                                                                                             FTSE, BE(Hons), MCom
                        Independent: Yes
                                                                                             (Hons), FAICD
                        Industry experience: Philip has more than 40 years of
                        experience in banking and financial services in Australia and
                                                                                           Term of office: Independent non-executive director since
                        New Zealand. Before his retirement from executive roles,
                                                                                           December 2019. Chair of the People & Remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate
                        Philip was responsible for leading ANZ’s Australian retail and
                                                                                           Committee and member of the Board's Risk &
                        commercial banking business. Prior to that, he had a long
                                                                                                                                                                Governance
                                                                                           Compliance Committee.
                        career at Westpac, including as the Chief Financial Officer and
                        leading Westpac’s institutional banking business.                  Independent: Yes
                        During his career as a banking executive, Philip gained            Industry experience: During her executive career, Kathryn            Statement
                        deep experience in strategy, business performance,                 had first-hand banking experience through operational and
                        transformation, operations, risk management, capital               strategic leadership roles at ANZ. She also served on the
                        management, financial reporting, stakeholder engagement,           Board of the Reserve Bank of Australia.
                        and people and culture. He also gained broad experience in

                                                                                                                                                                    Risk
                                                                                           Other business and market experience: Kathryn has more
                        technology, M&A activity and post-merger integration.              than 25 years of senior commercial and operational leadership
                        Philip has taken an active and public role in advocating for       experience in a range of industries, holding executive roles

                                                                                                                                                                 management
                        greater transparency and ethics in banking and promoting           with Linfox Logistics, Bluescope Steel and ANZ.
                        workforce diversity. Philip has also developed his knowledge       During her executive career in banking and other industries,
                        and takes a strong interest in climate change and the impact       Kathryn gained deep experience in strategy, business
                        on customers and the economy.                                      performance, risk management, customer experience,
                        Other business and market experience: Philip started his           corporate development, stakeholder engagement, and people
                                                                                           and culture, in a variety of jurisdictions across Asia as well as

                                                                                                                                                                   Report of
                        career as an economist and continues to take a deep
                        interest in domestic and international economics. Through his      in Australia and New Zealand.
                        executive and non-executive career, Philip has had extensive       Kathryn has had an active non-executive career across

                                                                                                                                                                 the Directors
                        experience in governance practices.                                industries including science and innovation, as well as
                        Directorships of other listed entities:                            manufacturing, industrials, macroeconomics and public policy,
                                                                                           and the investment sector. In these roles, Kathryn has
                        Woolworths Group Limited (since October 2021)
                                                                                           developed strong experience across a broad range of
                                                                                           environmental and governance matters. Kathryn gained




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
                                                                                           experience on environmental matters as a former Chair of
                                                                                           CSIRO and Boral, and current Chair of Watertrust Australia.
                          Mr Andrew Irvine                                                 Kathryn's experience in governance extends across a wide
                          BSc Business Management                                          range of board and executive level roles in the private, public
                          (Hons), MBA                                                      and not-for-profit sectors.
                                                                                           Directorships of other listed entities:
                        Term of office: Managing Director and Group Chief Executive        Djerriwarrh Investments Limited (since May 2014)
                        Officer since April 2024.                                          Medibank Private Limited (since March 2022)
                        Independent: No                                                    Other relevant interests: Kathryn’s other interests include
                                                                                                                                                                  Additional
                        Industry experience: Andrew has more than 26 years of              Breast Cancer Network Australia (Chair), Watertrust Australia
                        experience in the financial services industry. Andrew joined       Limited (Chair), The Grattan Institute (Director), The

                                                                                                                                                                 information
                        NAB in 2020 as Group Executive, Business and Private Banking,      Myer Foundation (Director) and Champions of Change
                        following a 12 year career with Bank of Montreal where he held     Coalition (Director).
                        a number of executive roles, including as Head of Canadian


                                                                                                                                      2025 Annual Report   51
                        Board of Directors (cont.)




                                                                                              Industry experience: Warwick has an extensive understanding
                                                                                              of banking and global markets gained throughout his career
                                                                                              in professional services, particularly auditing and providing
                                                                                              advisory services to banks, and other financial services'
                             Ms Christine Fellowes                                            providers. Beyond banking, Warwick is deeply experienced
                                                                                              in accounting, auditing, financial and regulatory reporting,
                             BE, MAICD
                                                                                              regulation, risk management and governance practices,
                                                                                              having provided audit and advisory services to market-leading
                        Term of office: Independent non-executive director since              organisations in the United Kingdom, Europe, Middle East,
                        June 2023. Member of the Board's Customer and People &                Africa, and Australasia, in other sectors including, aviation, oil
                        Remuneration Committees.                                              and gas, sovereign wealth and agribusiness.
                        Independent: Yes                                                      Other business and market experience: Warwick has more
                        Industry experience: Christine has more than 30 years of              than 25 years of leadership, governance, commercial and
                        experience leading businesses across strategy, marketing,             strategic business experience, having led and advised major
                        product and brand development, operations and profit and              organisations. He was at the forefront of innovation and
                        loss (P&L), driving digital transformation within multinational       change in professional services, having been Managing
                        organisations in media, communications and technology.                Partner of PwC United Kingdom and Europe, Middle East and
                                                                                              Africa until 2022, leading through a period of substantial
                        Other business and market experience: Christine has
                                                                                              growth and transformation for the firm and network. This
                        extensive experience in leading growth businesses across




For personal use only
                                                                                              included a focus on digital transformation. Warwick also made
                        regional expansion, strategy, operations and P&L roles for
                                                                                              a material contribution to the leadership of the firm and
                        prominent US multinationals in media, entertainment and
                                                                                              network through Brexit and the COVID-19 pandemic. Prior to
                        technology companies in Asia-Pacific. Most recently she
                                                                                              that, he led PwC New Zealand and PwC Middle East.
                        served as the Managing Director of the NBCUniversal Global
                        Networks and Direct to Consumer business in Asia-Pacific,             He is an Honorary Fellow of Kings College London.
                        overseeing Pay-TV, television and digital services, where she         Directorships of other listed entities:
                        also served on corporate boards. Prior to that, she held
                                                                                              Genesis Energy Limited(3) (since September 2022)
                        leadership positions at Comcast International Media Group,
                        Turner Broadcasting System and Omnicom Group.                         Other relevant interests: Warwick’s other interests include
                                                                                              Hargreaves Trust (Trustee).
                        Christine has a deep understanding of navigating strategic
                        digital transformation while serving broad customer and
                        community interests. Her expertise lies in strategy
                        development, business performance, customer experience,
                        stakeholder engagement and organisational culture, as well              Ms Carolyn Kay
                        as high competency in data and analytics.                               LLB, BA, GradDip
                        As co-founder and director of NINEby9 Pte Ltd, a Singapore              Management, FAICD
                        based company dedicated to research and advocacy for
                        gender equality in organisations in Asia, Christine actively          Term of office: Independent non-executive director since
                        works towards fostering inclusivity and empowering women in           July 2023. Member of the Board's Audit, Risk & Compliance and
                        the workplace.                                                        Nomination & Governance Committees.
                        Directorships of other listed entities:                               Independent: Yes
                        GuocoLand Limited(1) (since January 2024)                             Industry experience: Carolyn has more than 35 years of
                        Former directorships of other listed entities in the past             experience in the financial services sector in executive and
                        3 years:                                                              non-executive roles. Carolyn was a lawyer and banker whose
                        VIQ Solutions(2) (from 2022 to August 2023)                           work history included Morgan Stanley, JP Morgan and Linklaters
                                                                                              & Paines in London, New York and Australia. She has held
                        Other relevant interests: Christine’s other interests include         a number of industry related non-executive director roles
                        UWA Business School (Director).                                       including The Future Fund, Commonwealth Bank of Australia,
                                                                                              Treasury Corporation of Victoria, Victorian Funds Management
                                                                                              Corporation and Colonial State Bank.
                             Mr Warwick Hunt MNZM                                             Other business and market experience: Carolyn has been
                             BAcc (Hons), FCA (Australia                                      and remains a non-executive director of enterprises across
                             and NZ), ACA (England and                                        a broad range of industries. She was previously a Guardian
                             Wales)                                                           of Australia’s sovereign fund, The Future Fund (2015 to 2023)
                                                                                              and a panel member of the Commonwealth Retirement Income
                                                                                              Review (2019 to 2020). In the public sector, Carolyn is a member
                        Term of office: Independent non-executive director since
                                                                                              of the Foreign Investment Review Board and in the not-for-
                        December 2024. Member of the Board’s Audit and Risk
                                                                                              profit sector, she is on the board of the General Sir John
                        & Compliance Committees. Chair and independent non-
                                                                                              Monash Foundation and Sydney Grammar School.
                        executive director of Bank of New Zealand (BNZ), a significant
                        subsidiary of NAB.                                                    During her executive and non-executive careers,
                                                                                              Carolyn gained deep experience in banking, governance,
                        Independent: Yes
                                                                                              risk management, business performance, stakeholder
                                                                                              engagement, people and culture, and public policy.

                         (1) Listed on the Singapore Exchange (SGX).
                         (2) Listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSE).
                         (3) Dual-listed on the New Zealand and Australian stock exchanges.


                        52     National Australia Bank
                        Board of Directors (cont.)




                        Carolyn was awarded a Centenary Medal for services to              services, the law, government and charities. During his
                        Australian society in business leadership.                         executive career, he held investment banking leadership roles
                                                                                           within Macquarie Group, including as Executive Chair of its
                                                                                                                                                                    About
                        Directorships of other listed entities:
                                                                                           business in Victoria. In his non-executive career, Simon served
                        Scentre Group Limited (since February 2016)                        as AMP Limited Chair (2014-2016) (and non-executive director
                        Other relevant interests: Carolyn's other interests include        2013-2016). Through these roles in the financial services             this report
                        Rothschild & Co Australia (Chair), Myer Family Investments         industry, Simon has gained deep experience in strategy,
                        (Director), Foreign Investment Review Board (Member), General      business performance, risk management, legal and regulatory
                        Sir John Monash Foundation (Director) and Sydney Grammar           matters, client experience, stakeholder engagement, and
                        School (Trustee).                                                  people and culture.
                                                                                           Other business and market experience: Simon has broad
                                                                                                                                                                 Our business
                                                                                           experience from a range of governance roles in private, public
                                                                                           and social sectors. This includes experience gained as former

                                                                                                                                                                    in 2025
                                                                                           Chair of MYOB Limited, CSIRO, MS Research Australia and a
                          Ms Alison Kitchen AM                                             Federal Government Panel that completed a strategic review
                                                                                           of health and medical research in 2013.
                          BA (Hons), FCA, MAICD
                                                                                           Simon is an active philanthropist and has contributed over
                                                                                           many years to charitable, educational, public health, social
                        Term of office: Independent non-executive director since




                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value
                                                                                           housing and other community-based organisations and




For personal use only
                        September 2023. Chair of the Board's Audit Committee and
                                                                                           social causes.
                        member of the Board’s Customer Committee.
                                                                                           Simon has a strong interest and experience in environmental,
                        Independent: Yes
                                                                                           social and governance matters, gained through his broad
                        Industry experience: Alison has more than 30 years of              range of roles and experiences. On environmental matters,
                        experience in a variety of management and governance roles         Simon is the Chair of the Australian Industry Energy Transitions
                        within the KPMG partnership, as well as serving as lead external   Initiative and was a former Chair of CSIRO. On social matters,
                        audit partner for a range of ASX-listed organisations, including   Simon has been involved with organisations improving the
                        five ASX Top 50 companies with global operations. Alison was       lives of disadvantaged people and communities over many
                        the National Chair of KPMG Australia and a member of KPMG’s        years. On broad governance matters, Simon is a member                 Corporate
                        Global and Regional boards having responsibility for the overall   of the Australian Institute of Company Directors' Corporate
                        governance and strategic positioning of the firm.                  Governance Committee and was the inaugural President of the          Governance
                                                                                                                                                                Statement
                        Alison’s experience extends to providing advice in areas           Australian Takeovers Panel and the Banking and Finance Oath’s
                        including audit, transaction support, risk management, internal    Review Panel.
                        controls, business processes and regulatory change to a wide
                                                                                           Former directorships of other listed entities in the past
                        range of industries, including financial services. As National
                                                                                           3 years:
                        Chair of KPMG Australia, Alison led KPMG’s Board Leadership


                                                                                                                                                                    Risk
                        Centre, which champions corporate governance and engages           Rio Tinto Group (from January 2019 to May 2024)
                        with directors and business leaders on critical issues driving     Other relevant interests: Simon’s other interests include
                        board agendas. In that role, Alison gained exposure to a broad     Greater South East Melbourne (Chair), The Big Issue (Advisory

                                                                                                                                                                 management
                        range of environmental and governance matters, including           Board Member) and InfraBuild (Advisory Board Member).
                        climate transition.
                        Other business and market experience: Alison has worked in
                        geographically diverse and complex operating environments
                        and provided advice to industries including energy, mining,
                        transport and consumer goods, as well as financial services.

                                                                                                                                                                   Report of
                                                                                             Ms Ann Sherry AO
                        Directorships of other listed entities:                              BA, Grad Dip IR, FAICD, FIPAA


                                                                                                                                                                 the Directors
                        Worley Limited (since July 2024)
                        Other relevant interests: Alison's other interests include         Term of office: Independent non-executive director since
                        AirTrunk (Director and Chair of Audit and Risk Committee)          November 2017. Chair of the Board's Customer Committee and
                        and Australian National University (Pro-Chancellor and Chair of    member of the Board's People & Remuneration Committee.
                        Audit and Risk Committee).                                         Co-Chair of NAB's First Nations Advisory Group.




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
                                                                                           Independent: Yes
                                                                                           Industry experience: Ann had a 12 year banking career at
                                                                                           Westpac in senior business and people and culture leadership
                                                                                           roles, including as divisional CEO for Westpac New Zealand and
                          Mr Simon McKeon AO                                               Bank of Melbourne, and Group Executive, People & Culture. In
                          BCom, LLB, FAICD                                                 these roles, Ann gained deep experience in strategy, business
                                                                                           performance, operations, risk management, customer
                                                                                           experience, stakeholder engagement, and people and culture,
                        Term of office: Independent non-executive director since
                                                                                           with a strong focus on diversity and inclusion. She also gained
                        February 2020. Chair of the Board’s Risk & Compliance

                                                                                                                                                                  Additional
                                                                                           broad experience in technology, capital management and
                        Committee and member of the Board's People & Remuneration
                                                                                           marketing. Ann also served as a director on the ING Group
                        and Nomination & Governance Committees.

                                                                                                                                                                 information
                                                                                           Supervisory Board and as a director of ING DIRECT Australia.
                        Independent: Yes
                                                                                           Other business and market experience: Ann has significant
                        Industry experience: Simon has more than 40 years of               experience in executive roles within the tourism and transport
                        experience in a wide range of sectors including financial


                                                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report    53
                        Board of Directors (cont.)




                        industries in Australia and New Zealand, as well as in                nib Holdings Limited (since February 2017)
                        government and public service. She served as CEO and Chair            Platinum Asset Management Limited (since September 2016)
                        of Carnival Australia, the largest cruise ship operator in            Other relevant interests: Anne’s other interests include
                        Australasia and the South Pacific. Earlier in her career, Ann was     Destination NSW (Board Member).
                        First Assistant Secretary of the Office of the Status of Women
                        advising the Prime Minister on policies and programmes to
                        improve the status of women.
                        Ann is an active philanthropist and has contributed over many
                        years to charitable and social causes. Ann has a deep interest          Mr Douglas McKay ONZM
                        in social matters, with particular interests and experience in          BA, AMP (Harvard) CFInstD
                        diversity and First Nations matters, as well as children and            (NZ)
                        vulnerable people. Ann is Chair of UNICEF Australia and Co-
                        Chair of NAB's First Nations Advisory Group. On environmental         Term of office: Independent non-executive director from
                        matters, Ann is Co-Chair of the Australian Climate Leaders            February 2016 to December 2024.
                        Coalition and is an advisor to The Climate Ready Initiative.
                                                                                              Independent: Yes
                        Former directorships of other listed entities in the past
                                                                                              Industry experience: Doug has gained industry experience as
                        3 years:
                                                                                              Chair of BNZ (2016-2024), and as non-executive director since
                        Enero Group Limited (from January 2020 to October 2024)               2013. This has supplemented Doug’s extensive experience in




For personal use only
                        Sydney Airport (from May 2014 to March 2022)                          business performance, capital management, risk management
                        Other relevant interests: Ann’s other interests include               and stakeholder engagement with banking context.
                        Queensland University of Technology (Chancellor), UNICEF              Other business and market experience: Doug has more
                        Australia (Chair), Port of Townsville (Chair), Queensland Airports    than 30 years of experience in commercial and leadership
                        Limited (Chair), Circa (Chair) and Super Members Council (SMC)        roles in manufacturing and distribution businesses across
                        Australia (Chair).                                                    Australasia having held CEO and Managing Director positions
                                                                                              in major trans-Tasman companies including Lion Nathan,
                        Former Directors                                                      Carter Holt Harvey, Goodman Fielder, Sealord and Independent
                        Two directors, Anne Loveridge and Doug McKay, stood down              Liquor. He was the inaugural CEO of the amalgamated Auckland
                        from the Board following the 2024 AGM, with Anne having               Council. During his executive career, Doug gained deep
                        completed three terms of three years on the Board. During             commercial, business performance, customer, marketing, risk
                        2024, Doug retired as the Chair of NAB's significant subsidiary,      management and stakeholder engagement experience. Doug
                        BNZ, on 31 May.                                                       has private equity experience and a deep understanding of
                                                                                              New Zealand and Australian markets.
                                                                                              Directorships of other listed entities (No change since
                                                                                              retiring from the NAB Board):
                                                                                              Delegat Group Limited(2) (since August 2024)
                             Ms Anne Loveridge AM                                             Vector Limited(2) (since September 2022, Chair since
                             BA (Hons), FCA, GAICD                                            September 2023)

                                                                                              Former directorships of other listed entities in the past
                        Term of office: Independent non-executive director from               3 years:
                        December 2015 to December 2024.
                                                                                              Fletcher Building Limited(3)(from September 2018 to June 2024)
                        Independent: Yes                                                      Genesis Energy Limited(3) (from June 2014 to September 2022)
                        Industry experience: Anne has a strong understanding                  Other relevant interests: Doug is a Director of IAG (NZ)
                        of banking and financial services, including in the areas             Holdings Limited.
                        of financial and regulatory reporting, accounting, risk
                        management, change management and governance, gained
                        throughout her career as an audit partner, consultant and
                        non-executive director in this sector.
                        Other business and market experience: Anne has more than
                        30 years of experience in professional services, including as
                        Deputy Chair at PwC. During her career as a senior executive
                        and partner, Anne gained deep experience in business
                        performance, client experience, stakeholder engagement,
                        governance, and people and culture. This included a
                        particular focus on business growth and change management,
                        leadership development and succession, performance and
                        reward frameworks and promoting increased diversity.
                        Directorships of other listed entities:
                        HSBC Bank Australia Limited(1) (since February 2025)
                        ASX Ltd (since July 2025)(1)
                        Accent Group Limited (since November 2023)


                         (1) New directorship since retiring from the NAB Board.
                         (2) Listed on the New Zealand Exchange (NZX).
                         (3) Dual-listed on the New Zealand and Australian stock exchanges.


                        54     National Australia Bank
                        Board of Directors (cont.)




                        Company Secretaries
                        The Group Company Secretary provides advice and support

                                                                                                                         About
                        to the Board, and is accountable to the Board, through the
                        Chair, for all matters relating to the proper functioning of the

                                                                                                                      this report
                        Board and its committees. The Group Company Secretary is
                        responsible for advising the Board on governance matters
                        and ensuring compliance with Board and Board committee
                        charters and procedures.
                        The Group Company Secretary and assistant company
                        secretaries are appointed and removed by the Board.

                                                                                                                      Our business
                        Details of company secretaries of NAB in office at the date of
                        this Report and each company secretary’s qualifications and

                                                                                                                         in 2025
                        experience are below.
                        Louise Thomson BBus (Dist), FGIA joined the Group in 2000 and
                        was appointed Group Company Secretary in May 2013. Louise
                        is Secretary to the Board and the Nomination & Governance
                        Committee. She has experience in a wide range of finance,
                        risk, regulatory and governance matters.




                                                                                                                        Creating value




For personal use only
                        Tricia Conte BCom, LLB (Hons) joined the Group in 2006 and
                        was appointed Company Secretary in November 2018. Tricia is
                        the Secretary of the Board's Audit Committee. She is a Special
                        Counsel in the Legal team and advises the Group on a wide
                        range of legal, corporate, governance and regulatory matters.
                        Paris Nicolaou BA, LLB, FGIA joined the Group in 2018 and
                        was appointed Company Secretary in February 2025. Paris is
                        Secretary across the Group’s Australian Subsidiaries and is
                        responsible for overseeing corporate governance practices                                     Corporate
                        across the Group. He has experience in a wide range of
                        corporate, legal, governance and regulatory matters.                                         Governance
                        Claire Hannon BSc, LLB (Hons), Grad. Dip. App. Fin., AGIA, GAICD                             Statement
                        was appointed Company Secretary in May 2025. Claire is the
                        Secretary of the Board's Risk & Compliance Committee and
                        is responsible for managing the Group's Executive-level Risk
                        Committees. She has experience in a wide range of corporate,

                                                                                                                         Risk
                        legal, governance, risk and regulatory matters.



                                                                                                                      management




                                                                                                                        Report of

                                                                                                                      the Directors




                                                                                                                        Financial report




                                                                                                                       Additional

                                                                                                                      information




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   55
                        Executive Leadership Team
                        Executive Leadership Team
                        Details of NAB's Executive Leadership Team members in office at the date of this Report are below.




                             Andrew Irvine
                             BSc Business Management                                         Shaun Dooley
                             (Hons), MBA                                                     BEc, MS


                        Refer to the Board of Directors on page 51 for Andrew              Shaun Dooley was appointed Acting Group Chief Financial
                        Irvine's biography.                                                Officer in March 2025. Shaun was previously the Group Chief
                                                                                           Risk Officer from October 2018 where he was responsible
                                                                                           for the Risk function across the Group. Prior to that
                                                                                           role, Shaun was Group Treasurer and he has also led
                                                                                           the Institutional Banking, Corporate Finance and Financial
                                                                                           Institutions teams. Shaun joined NAB in 1992 as a relationship
                             Andrew Auerbach                                               banker in the Corporate Banking group. Prior to joining NAB in




For personal use only
                             BA                                                            1992, Shaun worked for Chase Manhattan Bank Australia and
                                                                                           Elders Finance Group.
                        Andrew was appointed Group Executive, Business and Private
                        Banking in June 2025. He has more than 30 years of experience
                        across the global financial services industry, and spent over 21
                        years with Bank of Montreal in several senior executive roles.
                        Prior to joining Bank of Montreal, Andrew worked for 14 years
                                                                                             Daniel Huggins
                        with Canada Trust, now known at TD Canada Trust.
                                                                                             BCom (Hons), MBA, MEM


                                                                                           Daniel Huggins was appointed as BNZ's Managing Director
                                                                                           and Chief Executive Officer in October 2021. Daniel has over
                                                                                           20 years of experience in banking, corporate and financial
                             Cathryn Carver                                                services. Since joining BNZ in 2020, Daniel held an executive-
                             BEcon&Fin                                                     level role focused on customer, products and services. Prior
                                                                                           to joining BNZ, he worked at the Commonwealth Bank of
                        Cathryn was appointed as Group Executive, Corporate and            Australia and McKinsey & Company.
                        Institutional Banking in July 2024. In a career spanning more
                        than 30 years, Cathryn has extensive, global experience in
                        capital markets, corporate finance, wealth and institutional
                        banking. Since joining NAB in 2016, she has held senior
                        executive roles focusing on corporate and institutional
                                                                                             Ana Marinkovic
                        markets and prior to this, she held leadership roles at ANZ,
                                                                                             BA, MBA
                        Westpac and Macquarie Bank.

                                                                                           Ana Marinkovic was appointed Group Executive, Personal Bank
                                                                                           in April 2024. She has more than 20 years of experience in
                                                                                           senior banking roles across strategy, payments, mortgages,
                                                                                           contact centres, technology and operations in consumer and
                             Sharon Cook                                                   commercial divisions. Ana joined NAB in 2019 and became the
                             BA, LLB (Hons)                                                Executive General Manager Business Direct and Small Business
                                                                                           in 2020.
                        Sharon Cook was appointed Group Executive, Customer &
                        Corporate Services in April 2017. Sharon is responsible for
                        Corporate Affairs, Customer Complaints, Customer Hardship,
                        Governance, Legal, the Office of the Customer Advocate,
                        Regulatory Affairs, Remediation, and Climate. Sharon has more
                                                                                             Les Matheson
                        than 30 years of experience as a lawyer. For over 8 years
                                                                                             BCom (Hons)
                        before joining NAB, Sharon led major commercial law firms.

                                                                                           Les Matheson was appointed as Group Chief Operating Officer
                                                                                           in January 2021. Les has nearly 30 years of experience in
                                                                                           banking and finance across Australia, NZ, Europe and Asia
                                                                                           Pacific. Prior to joining NAB, he was CEO of the Retail Bank
                                                                                           at RBS and was also responsible for Ulster Bank in Ireland.
                                                                                           Les had a long career with Citigroup, including Chief Country
                                                                                           Officer for Australia. He is a Certified Bank Director (The



                        56     National Australia Bank
                        Executive Leadership Team (cont.)




                        Institute of Bankers UK) and a Fellow of the Chartered Bankers      Former Executive Leadership Team members
                        Institute (UK).                                                     Two Executive Leadership Team members announced they

                                                                                                                                                                     About
                                                                                            would leave the Group during the 2025 financial year and one
                                                                                            Executive stepped-up in an acting capacity before returning
                                                                                            to his prior role.
                                                                                            They are reported as Key Management Personnel (KMP) for               this report
                                                                                            part of the 2025 financial year in the Remuneration Report.
                          Sarah White                                                       Nathan Goonan was appointed as Group Chief Financial
                                                                                            Officer in July 2023. Nathan joined NAB in 2004 before working
                        Sarah White was appointed as Group Executive, People &              in investment banking. Since re-joining NAB in 2013, he

                                                                                                                                                                  Our business
                        Culture in August 2023. Sarah joined the NAB Executive              held several executive-level roles in corporate strategy and
                        Leadership Team after more than five years as Chief of              mergers and acquisitions, including Group Executive Strategy


                                                                                                                                                                     in 2025
                        Staff to the Group Chief Executive Officer. Prior to that           and Innovation. In March 2025, Nathan announced he would
                        she was Executive General Manager, Talent and Leadership,           leave the Group and ceased to be a KMP on 17 March 2025.
                        in addition to a number of other key executive roles in             Rachel Slade was appointed as Group Executive, Business
                        People & Culture. Sarah has extensive experience in business        and Private Banking in April 2024. Prior to this, she was the
                        partnering, coaching executives and senior leaders, leading         Group Executive, Personal Banking. Rachel has over 20 years
                        complex change and business transformation.                         of experience in banking. In March 2025, Rachel announced




                                                                                                                                                                    Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                            she would leave the Group and ceased to be a KMP on
                                                                                            17 March 2025.
                                                                                            From March to June 2025, Michael Saadie acted in the role of
                                                                                            Group Executive, Business and Private Banking prior to Andrew
                          Peter Whitelaw                                                    Auerbach commencing in that role. Michael returned to his
                                                                                            prior role as Executive, Private Wealth.
                          BSc (Hons), MQF


                        Peter Whitelaw was appointed as Acting Group Chief Risk
                        Officer in March 2025 and is responsible for the Risk function                                                                            Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                 Governance
                        across the Group. Prior to this, Peter's role was Executive
                        Resilience Risk where his accountabilities included setting
                        the Group's risk management policies, frameworks and risk                                                                                Statement
                        appetite relating to its capital, funding, liquidity, technology,
                        data, privacy, information security, third party, ESG and
                        strategic risks. Peter was previously Chief Risk Officer at BNZ.
                        Before joining NAB in 2005, he held senior risk management

                                                                                                                                                                     Risk
                        positions at Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation in London
                        and Sydney.


                                                                                                                                                                  management


                          Patrick Wright
                          BBA, BMIS

                                                                                                                                                                    Report of
                        Patrick was appointed to the role of Group Executive,

                                                                                                                                                                  the Directors
                        Technology and Enterprise Operations in April 2017. Prior to
                        joining NAB, he was Chief Operations and Technology Officer
                        at Barclaycard and Chief Operations Officer at Barclays
                        America. Patrick has more than 30 years of experience in
                        the banking and technology sectors, giving him extensive




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial report
                        experience in driving major transformations in large financial
                        services companies.

                        Future Executive Leadership Team changes
                        Four changes to the Executive Leadership Team were
                        announced during 2025, but are not yet effective. Pete
                        Steel was appointed Group Executive, Digital, Data & Artificial
                        Intelligence, and will commence on 19 November 2025. Shane
                        Conway was promoted to a newly created role of Group
                        Executive, Transformation, commencing 1 December 2025.
                                                                                                                                                                   Additional
                        Sharon Cook will retire on 31 December 2025. Inder Singh
                        was appointed as Group Chief Financial Officer and Group

                                                                                                                                                                  information
                        Executive, Strategy, and will commence in March 2026.
                        For additional information on the changes, refer to the
                        Remuneration Report.



                                                                                                                                      2025 Annual Report    57
                        Board roles and responsibilities
                        The Board guides the strategic direction of NAB and represents shareholders’ interests by overseeing activities that create
                        sustainable value.
                        The roles and responsibilities of the Board, including the matters that are specifically reserved to the Board and those delegated
                        to management, are set out in the Board Charter which is available in the Corporate Governance section at nab.com.au/about-
                        us/corporate-governance. Key elements of the Board’s roles and responsibilities are described below.
                        The Board Charter sets out the specific responsibilities of the Chair. The Chair’s primary responsibility is to lead the Board and
                        oversee the processes used by the Board in performing its role.
                        The Board delegates certain powers to Board committees to help it fulfil its roles and responsibilities. Committee roles and
                        responsibilities are set out in the respective charters and Board Committee Operating Rules, which are also available in the
                        Corporate Governance section at nab.com.au/about-us/corporate-governance.
                        The Board has delegated management of the Company to the Group CEO. Except for any specific powers reserved by the Board,
                        or matters specifically delegated by the Board to others, the Group CEO may make all decisions and take any necessary action
                        to carry out the management of the Group. The Group CEO is accountable to the Board in exercising this delegated authority. The
                        Board Charter also sets out the responsibilities of the Group CEO.

                         Key element            Board's roles and responsibilities




For personal use only
                         Leadership and         •      Represent shareholders and serve the interests of the Company by overseeing and evaluating the Company’s
                         stakeholder focus             strategies, performance, frameworks and policies.
                                                •      Ensure that stakeholders are kept informed of the Company’s performance and major developments affecting
                                                       its state of affairs.
                                                •      Approve the Company’s purpose, values and Code of Conduct to underpin the desired culture within
                                                       the Company and oversee that the Company’s culture is focused on sound risk management and
                                                       customer outcomes.
                                                •      Oversee that an appropriate framework exists for relevant information to be reported by management to the
                                                       Board and whenever required challenge management and hold it to account.
                                                •      With the guidance of the Customer Committee, oversee the importance given to the voice of the customer and
                                                       the focus on customer outcomes.
                                                •      Consider the social and environmental impact of the Company's activities.
                         Strategy               •      Guide the strategic direction of the Company and monitor the execution of strategies and business
                         and performance               performance to oversee that sustainable value is being built for shareholders. This includes business unit
                                                       strategies, strategies for critical enablers such as technology, data and analytics, and human capital, as well as
                                                       the Company's sustainability strategies.
                                                •      Make decisions concerning capital structure and dividend policy.
                                                •      Approve major capital expenditure and other major business initiatives.
                                                •      Consider sustainability-related risks, opportunities, goals and targets, including in relation to climate.
                         External reporting     •      With the guidance of the Audit Committee, review and approve the Group's annual and half yearly
                                                       financial statements, other sections of the Annual Report and any reports that accompany them, including
                                                       sustainability reporting.
                                                •      With the guidance of the Audit Committee, review management processes aimed at ensuring the integrity of
                                                       financial statements, and the financial and external reporting processes of the Group.
                         Risk management        •      With the guidance of the Risk & Compliance Committee, satisfy itself that the Group has in place an appropriate
                                                       Risk Management Framework for financial and non-financial risks by overseeing related frameworks and
                                                       internal compliance and control systems. This includes risk management related to financial crime, technology,
                                                       information security, cyber resilience and sustainability, including climate and human rights risks.
                         Remuneration           •      With the guidance of the People & Remuneration Committee, review and approve the Group’s remuneration
                                                       framework including remuneration policy and satisfy itself that the remuneration framework and outcomes are
                                                       aligned with the Company’s purpose, values, strategic objectives and risk appetite.
                         Appointment and        •      Appoint a Group CEO and Managing Director and approve key executive appointments.
                         succession             •      Monitor and review executive succession planning.
                         planning
                                                •      With the guidance of the Nomination & Governance Committee, plan for Board renewal, appoint non-executive
                                                       directors to the Board and select a Chair.




                        58   National Australia Bank
                        Key Board activities
                        Key Board activities in 2025
                        •   Customers – The Board, its Customer Committee and directors increased their engagement with customers, meeting with

                                                                                                                                                                        About
                            customers and customer advocates (internal and external) throughout the year to hear their feedback and perspectives. In
                            meetings, the Board and Customer Committee focused on matters impacting customers, including customer vulnerability,

                                                                                                                                                                     this report
                            scams, customers experiencing financial hardship, servicing experience, cyber risks, integration of acquisitions, digital
                            customer experience, and branch strategy. The Board and Customer Committee also participated in several site visits,
                            immersion sessions and engagement activities with customer-facing colleagues and with colleagues leading the rollout of
                            our customer advocacy approach and other significant initiatives to benefit customers.
                        •   Leadership - The Board approved changes to the Executive Leadership Team during the year and held workshops on Talent
                            and Succession. The Nomination & Governance Committee continued its work on the next phase of the Board's medium-term

                                                                                                                                                                     Our business
                            renewal strategy and plan, working in consultation with the Board. In both structured and unstructured settings, directors
                            met with leaders and colleagues at all levels of seniority to gain insight into leadership bench strength and NAB's culture. The
                            Board also met with boards of significant subsidiaries.
                        •   Strategy and business performance – The Board remains focused on creating sustainable shareholder value. At each major
                                                                                                                                                                        in 2025
                            Board meeting, the Board received reports on business performance and execution of the Group’s strategy to monitor
                            progress. The Board periodically received reports on execution of strategies at a business unit level to understand operating
                            context, as well as specific strategic initiatives, such as technology modernisation initiatives. This includes in relation to BNZ.
                            The Board approved the Group’s corporate plan in October 2024 and had several sessions with management during 2025 on




                                                                                                                                                                       Creating value
                            the evolution of NAB's strategy having regard to changes in the external environment and internal context. This included




For personal use only
                            participating in workshops with management and sessions with external experts to hear their perspectives. Directors also
                            met with investors and key regulators to hear their perspectives.
                        •   Technology - The Board remains focused on technology as a critical enabler of NAB’s business. At each major Board
                            meeting, the Board received reports from the Group Executive, Technology and Enterprise Operations, as well as updates
                            on the development and execution of NAB’s business-led technology modernisation strategy. The Board and its Risk &
                            Compliance Committee had several workshops and continuing education sessions to deepen directors' understanding of
                            NAB's technology operating environment, strategy and plans. Topics included information security risks and cyber resilience,
                            digitisation in banking, AI, and data and privacy risks as well as immersion sessions to see specific technology initiatives
                            benefiting customers and colleagues. The Board also met with independent experts on NAB's business-led technology                        Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                    Governance
                            modernisation and transformation programs.
                        •   Financial and capital management – The Board remains focused on business momentum and driving growth, which
                            requires prudent management of the Company's balance sheet and capital. The Board received regular reports on financial                 Statement
                            performance, capital, funding and liquidity. The Board approved the 2024 full year and 2025 half year financial reports, the
                            2024 final and 2025 interim dividends, the Group's budget, capital management strategy, funding plan and on-market buy-back
                            programs. Directors participated in workshops on capital adequacy and liquidity stress testing.
                        •   Risk management – The Board remains focused on risk management, governance, accountability and culture. This focus

                                                                                                                                                                        Risk
                            requires strong risk governance and an effective Risk Management Framework operated by management. The Board received
                            regular reports from the Group Chief Risk Officer on financial and non-financial risks, including emerging risks and issues,


                                                                                                                                                                     management
                            and from the Group Money Laundering Reporting Officer on financial crime risk. The Board approved the risk management
                            strategy, the risk appetite statement and policies for managing financial and non-financial risks. The management of financial
                            crime risks, cyber, resilience and technology risks, as well as the impact of the economic and geopolitical environment were
                            areas of focus. Directors participated in workshops with management to deepen directors’ understanding of specific risks,
                            as well as topics such as stress testing, market risk limit frameworks and interest rate risk in the banking book. Directors
                            also participated in sessions with external experts to hear their perspectives on risks in the external environment, and


                                                                                                                                                                       Report of
                            participated in an exercise to demonstrate reasonable steps they would take in a hypothetical crisis scenario.
                        •   People and culture – The Board remains focused on engaged, capable colleagues who are aligned to the Group’s values,
                            purpose and strategy. The Board received regular reports from the Group Executive, People and Culture on people-related

                                                                                                                                                                     the Directors
                            matters, including progress in the execution of the Colleague Strategy and achieving NAB’s target culture, health, safety
                            and wellbeing, and payroll governance. The Board held workshops on talent and succession planning and met with a range
                            of senior leaders in formal and informal settings. Directors also had opportunities to engage with colleagues at all levels
                            in the organisation. The Board approved scorecards and performance outcomes for the Group CEO, Group Executives and
                            certain other senior executives, as well as the Group Performance Indicators used for the Group Variable Reward Plan, and




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial report
                            determined the final outcome. Directors participated in site visits to operational and customer-facing teams. Some directors
                            also visited NAB's business operations in overseas locations, including Delhi, Ho Chi Minh City, New York and London. The Board
                            also met with the boards of some subsidiaries (BNZ, NAB India and NAB Vietnam) in 2025 during visits to Australia.
                        •   Sustainability – The Board remains focused on sustainability, particularly climate transition, affordable housing, First
                            Nations peoples and human rights. The Board received updates on NAB's sustainability priorities, strategy, performance and
                            stakeholder engagement. The Board and its Committees considered a range of topics, including disclosures, high risk sectors
                            and a human rights risk assessment. The Audit Committee participated in a workshop to deepen directors' understanding of
                            mandatory sustainability reporting requirements.
                        •   Regulatory and other stakeholder engagement – The Board remains focused on maintaining solid relationships with

                                                                                                                                                                      Additional
                            regulators and other stakeholders. The Board received regular reports on regulatory engagement, government engagement,
                            key legal and regulatory matters, and trust and reputation. The Board met with the Group’s main regulators throughout the

                                                                                                                                                                     information
                            year to obtain feedback and share perspectives on priorities, industry risks and issues, and reform. The Group's AUSTRAC EU
                            was a key area of focus, culminating with its cancellation on 25 July 2025. The Board also met with external experts on the
                            regulatory landscapes in Australia and overseas.



                                                                                                                                          2025 Annual Report   59
                        Key Board activities (cont.)




                        Board planning and agenda setting
                        Board meetings are an essential part of corporate governance at NAB. They are the main way for the Board to have oversight
                        of the Group’s strategy and performance and allow the Board to set expectations of management. The Board approves its
                        calendar of meetings two years in advance to ensure that directors can attend meetings. Recurring agenda items include
                        business performance, strategy execution and development, capital management, risk management, financial reporting, people
                        and culture, regulatory and other stakeholder engagement and sustainability matters. Unstructured time is also factored into
                        Board meetings and there is flexibility for ad hoc matters to be raised. Meetings with NAB’s main regulators are also planned at
                        the start of the year.
                        The Board’s annual calendar is made up of six multi-day programs for Board and committee meetings and workshops as well
                        as five shorter Board meetings for specific purposes. In 2025, several concurrent meetings were held where more than one
                        Committee and the Board met for a specific purpose, such as Performance and Remuneration decisions, Half Year and Full Year
                        results, the business plan and targets for the next financial year, review of policies and annual Board evaluations. Outside of
                        scheduled Board programs, some directors participated in external engagements and site visits, including operational site visits
                        in Australia, the US, India and Vietnam.
                        In the first Board program of each calendar year, the Board sets its priorities for the year ahead. These priorities are to provide
                        clarity on topics that the Board wishes to spend its time on, over and above business as usual matters. In 2025, the Board’s
                        priorities were: customer-centricity; leadership culture; risk culture; business simplification and technology modernisation;
                        and sustainability.




For personal use only
                        So that the Board and committees’ time is used efficiently and discussions reflect the bank’s priorities, agendas are reviewed
                        by the respective Chairs, in consultation with the Group Company Secretary, Group CEO and relevant Group Executives. Forward
                        planners are used to provide the Board and committees with a comprehensive view of the agendas planned for the year, with
                        opportunities to actively adjust as priorities change. The forward planner is the key framework for Board reporting and is used to
                        balance time allocated to strategic and business topics, as well as regulatory and legal obligations.
                        The Board also retains flexibility for ad hoc matters to be discussed at meetings or in private sessions where appropriate. Steps
                        are taken to facilitate effective communication between management and the Board ahead of Board and committee meetings.
                        These include responsible management providing input into certain agenda items and attending pre-meetings between Chairs
                        and the Group Company Secretary. After the meetings, actions for follow up are shared so that requests of management are
                        clear. To aid effective decision making, a consistent approach to writing Board and committee papers is promoted through the
                        use of templates, guidance and feedback.

                        Attendance at meetings
                        Details of director attendance at Board and committee meetings in 2025 are set out below, including concurrent meetings
                        where more than one Committee and the Board met together. The Board and committees also held multiple workshops during
                        scheduled Board programs in 2025, as such, are not shown as additional meetings in the table below unless the relevant
                        Committee did not otherwise meet in that program. Refer to Key Board activities in 2025 for the nature of workshops held.
                        All directors receive copies of agendas, papers and minutes of committee meetings to help ensure they have equal access
                        to that information regardless of whether they are appointed to a particular committee. All directors may attend committee
                        meetings even if they are not a member of a committee. The table below excludes the attendance of directors at committee
                        meetings where they were not a committee member.

                                                                     Board                                           Committee meetings
                                                                    meetings(1)                                                                                               Concurrent
                                                                                           Audit          Risk &           People &        Customer           Nom &
                                                                                                                                                                               meetings
                                                                                                        Compliance           Rem                               Gov

                                                                     Attended /         Attended /        Attended        Attended /      Attended /        Attended           Attended /
                                                                        Held               Held             / Held           Held            Held             / Held              Held

                         Phil Chronican                                  12/12                -                -                -                -              9/9                8/8
                         Andrew Irvine(2)                                12/12                -                -                -                -               -                  7/8
                         Kathryn Fagg (2)                                11/12                -               6/6             6/6                -               -                 8/8
                         Christine Fellowes                              12/12                -                -              6/6              5/5               -                 8/8
                         Warwick Hunt   (3)
                                                                         10/10               4/4              5/5               -                -               -                 6/6
                         Carolyn Kay                                     12/12               5/5              6/6               -                -              9/9                8/8
                         Alison Kitchen                                  12/12               5/5               -                -              5/5               -                 8/8
                         Anne Loveridge(4)                                3/3                1/1               -                -                -              3/3                 4/4
                         Doug McKay(4)                                    3/3                1/1               -                -              2/2               -                  4/4
                         Simon McKeon(5)                                 12/12                -               6/6             3/3                -              9/9                8/8
                         Ann Sherry                                      12/12                -                -              6/6              5/5               -                 8/8
                         (1) One out-of-cycle meeting was convened to discuss a time-sensitive matter. All Directors made themselves available to attend, notwithstanding the meeting was
                             convened at short notice.
                         (2) Mr Irvine was unable to attend one concurrent meeting and Ms Fagg was unable to attend one Board meeting due to known scheduling conflicts. In both cases, they
                             gave their apologies and provided input to the meeting Chair.
                         (3) Mr Hunt joined as a non-executive director in December 2024, and joined the Risk & Compliance and Audit Committees.
                         (4) Ms Loveridge and Mr McKay stood down as non-executive Directors from December 2024.
                         (5) From March 2025, Mr McKeon joined the People & Remuneration Committee.




                        60   National Australia Bank
                        Board composition, diversity
                        and performance
                        Board composition                                                                                                                            About

                                                                                                                                                                  this report
                        Composition of the Board is informed by a number of factors, including the following key principles:
                        •   The Board will be of an appropriate size to allow efficient decision making.
                        •   The Board must consist of a majority of independent non-executive directors.
                        •   The Board should consist of directors with a broad range of skills, experience and expertise, and different facets of diversity,
                            including gender.


                                                                                                                                                                  Our business
                        •   The Chair must be an independent non-executive director and must not have been a NAB executive or the Group CEO in the
                            previous three years.


                                                                                                                                                                     in 2025
                        Further details about directors’ independence are on page 64.
                        NAB has a Group Fit and Proper and FAR Suitability Policy that addresses the requirements of APRA Prudential Standard CPS 520 Fit
                        and Proper and supports compliance with the obligations of the FAR.
                        This Policy requires an annual assessment of the directors, certain members of senior management and responsible auditors,
                        including a determination of whether they have the appropriate competence, character, diligence, honesty, integrity and
                        judgement to perform their role.




                                                                                                                                                                    Creating value




For personal use only
                        The Board, with the assistance of the Nomination & Governance Committee, has reviewed and taken into consideration the
                        existing workload of directors and concluded that each director has sufficient capacity to undertake the duties expected of a
                        director of NAB.
                        As a Board vacancy approaches, the Nomination & Governance Committee assesses the skills and experience required, which
                        informs the identification of suitable candidates. The most suitable candidate is appointed by the Board after appropriate
                        checks are undertaken, including assessment in accordance with the Group Fit and Proper and FAR Suitability Policy, and is
                        subject to election by shareholders at the next AGM.
                        The key terms and conditions of a director’s appointment are formally documented in a letter of appointment. This process was
                        followed for all directors on the Board.                                                                                                  Corporate
                        Newly appointed directors must stand for election by shareholders at the next AGM. In addition, the NAB Constitution requires            Governance
                        that at each AGM, non-executive directors who have held office for at least three years without re-election, or beyond the
                        third AGM following their appointment or last election (whichever is longer) must retire from office and are eligible to stand           Statement
                        for re-election.
                        Before each AGM, the Board assesses the performance of each director due to stand for election or re-election and decides
                        whether to recommend to shareholders that they vote in favour of the election or re-election of each relevant director. Further


                                                                                                                                                                     Risk
                        details on NAB’s directors are provided on pages 51 to 55.

                        Board renewal
                                                                                                                                                                  management
                        During the year, after consulting with the Board, the Nomination & Governance Committee reviewed the three-year Board
                        renewal strategy and plans. This included reviewing the highest priority skills to bring on to the Board over the short and
                        medium-term, considering anticipated retirements in coming years. The highest priority competency areas for future director
                        appointments are technology transformation, banking and CEO experience. Broader technology-related and sustainability-
                        related skills and experience are also desirable. The Nomination & Governance Committee and the Board aim to identify,
                        select and nominate candidates who are able to contribute broadly in the boardroom, not only in areas of deep competency,

                                                                                                                                                                    Report of
                        and who add different facets of diversity to the Board. The Nomination & Governance Committee is working with an external
                        recruitment consultant.

                                                                                                                                                                  the Directors
                        One director, Warwick Hunt, was elected by shareholders at the Company's 2024 AGM and two directors, Anne Loveridge and Doug
                        McKay, stood down from the Board following that AGM, with Anne having completed three terms of three years on the Board.
                        During 2024, Doug retired as the Chair of NAB's significant subsidiary, BNZ, on 31 May.
                        In 2025, the Board has recommended in the AGM Notice of Meeting that shareholders re-elect Philip Chronican for his fourth
                        three-year term on the Board (a term permissible for the Chair under the Board Composition, Renewal & Performance Policy) and




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial report
                        Kathryn Fagg for her third term.
                        Further details on NAB’s directors are provided on pages 51 to 55.




                                                                                                                                                                   Additional

                                                                                                                                                                  information




                                                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report   61
                        Board composition, diversity and performance (cont.)




                        Skills matrix
                        Each year NAB assesses the skills and experience of each director and combined capabilities of the Board. The insights from this
                        assessment are documented in a skills matrix that is:
                        •    Considered in the context of NAB’s business and its strategic needs.
                        •    Incorporated into Board succession planning and the selection of new directors.
                        •    Used to inform areas of focus for the Board’s continuing education and use of external expertise.
                        To prepare the skills matrix, each director rates their skills, expertise and experience against several competency areas that are
                        then mapped to the skills matrix. The self-assessment ratings and skills matrix are reviewed and calibrated by the Nomination &
                        Governance Committee on behalf of the Board.
                        The skills matrix presented here demonstrates alignment of the Board’s responsibilities with the current mix of skills on
                        the Board.
                        The Board believes the current mix of skills, experience and expertise of directors (as shown on the skills matrix) provides a
                        diverse range of views and perspectives for the effective governance, oversight and strategic leadership of NAB. The Board also
                        invested in continuing education and engagement activities throughout 2025 to continue to develop directors’ competencies in
                        the following key areas, each of which provided the opportunity to hear external perspectives:
                        •    Digital and technology topics – business-led technology modernisation, technology risks (including specific sessions on
                             information security risk and cyber resilience, data and privacy risks), operational resilience, digitisation in banking, and AI.




For personal use only
                        •    Risk management in banking – crisis management, information security risk and cyber resilience, operational risk management
                             and resilience, the Australian and international regulatory landscapes, geopolitical landscape, emerging risks, stress testing
                             scenario design, interest rate risk in the banking book, market risk limits and a scenario exercise.
                        •    People-related topics – talent and succession planning, culture and capability in digital transformation, developments in
                             people-related obligations, and NAB’s Who We Are behaviours.
                        •    Sustainability disclosures.
                        •    Stakeholders – investor, customer, regulatory and government perspectives. This included meetings with representatives
                             from each of these areas to hear and discuss their perspectives.

                            Skills and experience        Explanation                                                             Collective
                                                         Experience outside NAB in significant components of the financial
                            Banking and financial        services industry, including banking and equity and debt capital
                            services experience          markets. Strong knowledge of the regulatory environment. Includes       Moderate     Strong    Very Strong
                                                         advisory roles to the industry.
                                                         Skills gained while performing at a senior executive level for a
                            Leadership and               considerable length of time. Includes delivering superior results,
                            commercial acumen            running complex businesses, leading complex projects and issues,        Moderate     Strong    Very Strong
                                                         and leading workplace culture.
                                                         Good understanding of financial statements and drivers of financial
                            Financial acumen             performance for a business of significant size, including ability to
                                                                                                                                 Moderate     Strong    Very Strong
                                                         assess the effectiveness of financial controls.
                                                         Experience in delivering customer outcomes and deepening
                            Customer outcomes
                                                         relationships in customer segments.                                     Moderate     Strong    Very Strong
                                                         Experience in anticipating and evaluating financial and non-financial
                                                         risks that could impact the business. Recognising and managing
                                                         these risks by developing sound risk management frameworks and
                            Risk management
                                                         providing oversight. Includes experience in managing compliance         Moderate     Strong    Very Strong
                                                         risks and regulatory relationships, as well as an understanding of
                                                         cyber resilience and technology risks.
                                                         Experience in developing, setting and executing strategic direction.
                            Strategy                     Experience in driving growth and transformation and executing
                                                                                                                                 Moderate     Strong    Very Strong
                                                         against a clear strategy.
                                                         Publicly listed company experience, extensive experience in and
                                                         commitment to the highest standards of governance, experience in
                            Governance
                                                         the establishment and oversight of governance frameworks, policies      Moderate     Strong    Very Strong
                                                         and processes.
                                                         Experience in oversight of technology for businesses of a significant
                            Digital
                                                         scale and implementing business transformations through the use
                            and technology                                                                                       Moderate     Strong    Very Strong
                                                         of technology, including digital, data and analytics, and innovation.
                                                         Experience in building workforce capability, setting a remuneration
                            People
                                                         framework that attracts and retains a high calibre of executives, and
                            and remuneration                                                                                     Moderate     Strong    Very Strong
                                                         promotion of diversity and inclusion.
                            Environmental                Understanding potential risks and opportunities from an
                            and social                   environmental and social perspective.                                   Moderate     Strong    Very Strong




                        62     National Australia Bank
                        Board composition, diversity and performance (cont.)




                        Board tenure and gender statistics(1)


                                                                                                                                                                                           About
                         Board tenure                                                                                                                    %
                         0-3 years                                                                                                                       50.0

                                                                                                                                                                                        this report
                         3-6 years                                                                                                                       25.0
                         6-9 years                                                                                                                       25.0


                         Board gender diversity                                                                                                          %
                         Female                                                                                                                          62.5


                                                                                                                                                                                        Our business
                         Male                                                                                                                            37.5


                        Board performance                                                                      performance, risk or conduct matters. These adjustments

                                                                                                                                                                                           in 2025
                                                                                                               can be made pre-grant, pre-vest, and prior to the lifting
                        Directors comprehensively prepare for, attend and participate
                                                                                                               of restriction periods. The review of performance is jointly
                        in Board and committee meetings.
                                                                                                               undertaken by the People & Remuneration Committee and the
                        The Board recognises the importance of continuously                                    Board's Risk & Compliance Committee. Outcomes of the end of
                        monitoring and improving its performance and that of its                               year review are provided to the Board for approval.
                        committees. Under their respective charters, the Board




                                                                                                                                                                                          Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                                               The Group remuneration framework is informed by NAB's
                        and committees are required to assess their performance
                                                                                                               remuneration principles and is designed to fairly remunerate
                        annually, which was undertaken during the year. An
                                                                                                               colleagues while supporting the Colleague Strategy and the
                        independent external performance evaluation of the Board
                                                                                                               Group's strategic objectives and risk appetite. The framework
                        and its committees is conducted every three years, or as
                                                                                                               encourages behaviours that mitigate against financial and
                        otherwise determined by the Board. An independent external
                                                                                                               non-financial risks, and aligns with risk, conduct and values
                        performance evaluation was undertaken in 2025.
                                                                                                               outcomes. The Group reward offering includes a range of
                        The results of the external assessments undertaken in 2025                             recognition, financial and other well-being benefits such as
                        were that the Board and each of its committees continue to                             training, education and flexible work arrangements. Our focus
                                                                                                                                                                                        Corporate
                        operate effectively. In the spirit of continuous improvement,                          on colleague learning and enhancements to the employee
                        the Board agreed actions to further improve its effectiveness,                         value proposition supports our appeal as a desirable place
                        focused in the following areas: continuing to increase                                 to work.                                                                Governance
                        oversight of technology modernisation and involvement in
                        talent and succession planning.
                                                                                                               Further details about NAB’s executive and colleague                     Statement
                                                                                                               remuneration frameworks, including NAB’s policies and
                        Directors’ individual performance is also assessed annually.                           practices regarding the remuneration of non-executive
                        Each director participated in an individual performance                                directors, the Group CEO, Group Executives and other
                        interview with the Chair in 2025 and the Chair also received                           colleagues, are set out in the Remuneration Report.

                                                                                                                                                                                           Risk
                        performance feedback.
                                                                                                               Shareholder engagement
                        Responsible remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                                        management
                                                                                                               NAB values open, timely and transparent communication
                        The People & Remuneration Committee supports the Board                                 and engages with shareholders and investors in many
                        to discharge its responsibilities relating to people and                               ways including:
                        remuneration strategies, policies and practices of the Group.
                                                                                                               •     Sending electronic communications, such as open letters
                        Our purpose is to be the most customer-centric company                                       and publications from the Chair and the Group CEO on key
                        in Australia and New Zealand, through a strong focus on                                      developments and matters of interest.

                                                                                                                                                                                          Report of
                        customers and colleagues. By fostering a strong internal
                                                                                                               •     Providing information about NAB on its website, including in
                        culture focused on customer-centricity, we aim to achieve
                                                                                                                     relation to the Group’s policies and governance practices
                        disciplined growth and deliver strong returns.

                                                                                                                                                                                        the Directors
                                                                                                                     and media releases.
                        The committee monitors NAB’s executive and Group
                                                                                                               •     Providing shareholders with options on how they choose to
                        remuneration policy and frameworks to ensure they reinforce
                                                                                                                     receive communications (electronically or by post).
                        our focus on customers, align with long-term sustainable
                        shareholder value, comply with governance, legal and                                   •     Directly responding to shareholder enquiries by email,
                        regulatory requirements, and are informed by risk, reputation,                               phone and post.




                                                                                                                                                                                          Financial report
                        conduct and values outcomes.                                                           •     Providing shareholders with dedicated communication
                        The executive remuneration framework is designed to                                          options through the NAB Share Registry.
                        provide appropriate and fair remuneration to NAB's Executive                           •     Periodic trading updates, financial results and reports, ASX
                        Leadership Team while supporting the Group’s purpose,                                        announcements, investor presentations and briefings (all
                        strategic objectives and risk appetite, and reflecting the                                   of which are available in the Shareholder Centre section at
                        expectations of customers, regulators and shareholders. The                                  nab.com.au/shareholder).
                        performance, risk and conduct of the Executive Leadership                              •     In situations when the Group hosts an analyst and
                        Team is evaluated a minimum of two times in each reporting                                   investor presentation including interim and end of
                        period, with a mid-year review undertaken in March and an                                    financial year results, supporting materials are released

                                                                                                                                                                                         Additional
                        end of year review undertaken in September. The Long-Term                                    on the ASX Market Announcement Platform ahead of the
                        Incentive (LTI) plan, in which all members of the Executive                                  presentation commencing.
                        Leadership Team participate, is designed to provide the Board
                                                                                                                                                                                        information
                                                                                                               •     Sending electronic video messages from the Group CEO,
                        with discretion to make downward adjustments to the award
                                                                                                                     discussing NAB's performance on financial result dates.
                        at several points during the LTI's lifecycle in response to
                         (1) Tenure and gender statistics are for non-executive directors as at 30 September 2025.


                                                                                                                                                             2025 Annual Report   63
                        Board composition, diversity and performance (cont.)




                        •    Webcasting of significant market briefings and meetings,     •   Directors’ rights, duties and responsibilities.
                             including the AGM.                                           Continuing education is provided for the Board through
                        •    Participating in domestic and offshore institutional         a combination of internal and external presentations,
                             investors meetings throughout the year with the Chair,       workshops with management, site visits and study tours.
                             Group CEO, Group CFO and other senior executives.            Directors are also expected to keep up to date on topical
                                                                                          issues in their own time.
                        Annual General Meetings
                                                                                          For further details on the Board's continuing education in 2025,
                        NAB also engages directly with investment analysts, proxy         refer to the Skills matrix on page 62.
                        advisors and the Australian Shareholders’ Association.
                        NAB’s 2025 AGM will be conducted as a hybrid meeting. A hybrid    Directors' independence
                        meeting provides many shareholders with the opportunity to        All NAB directors are expected to bring independent and
                        view presentations, ask questions and submit votes at the         unfettered judgement to Board deliberations.
                        physical meeting or online during the AGM.
                                                                                          To qualify as independent, a director must be independent
                        As in prior years, NAB will again invite shareholders to submit   of management and free of any business, personal or other
                        questions in advance of the 2025 AGM, to help NAB understand      association that could materially interfere with (or reasonably
                        and address areas of interest or concern.                         be perceived to materially interfere with) the director’s
                        Each substantive resolution considered at the AGM will be         exercise of independent and unfettered judgement with
                        conducted by a poll. The Board considers that voting by a poll    respect to issues before the Board, and to act in the best




For personal use only
                        is in the interests of shareholders as a whole and ensures        interests of NAB and its shareholders.
                        that the views of as many shareholders as possible are            The Board conducts annual reviews of the independence of
                        represented at the AGM. Shareholders unable to attend the         each of the directors. Directors are expected to provide
                        hybrid AGM are encouraged to vote in advance of the meeting.      information as and when changes occur, and each non-
                        Shareholders can contact NAB or the NAB Share Registry at         executive director is required to make an annual disclosure
                        any time, by mail, telephone, email or via Computershare's        to the Board of all relevant information.
                        online platform, Investor Centre. More than half of NAB’s         A register of directors’ material interests is maintained and
                        shareholders have elected to communicate with NAB and             periodically reviewed by each director.
                        Computershare electronically.
                                                                                          If a director is involved with another company or firm that may
                        Shareholder communication preferences                             have dealings with NAB, those dealings must be at arm’s length
                                                                                          and on normal commercial terms.
                        Information about shareholder communications and
                        preferences, including instructions on how to elect to receive    Director tenure is a factor considered by the Board in
                        communications electronically, are available at nab.com.au/       assessing the independence of a director but is not
                        about-us/shareholder-centre/receiving-communications.             determinative. As a guide, most directors would not stand for
                                                                                          re-election after serving nine years on the Board, however,
                        Colleague engagement                                              the Board may determine that a director continues to bring
                                                                                          valuable expertise, independent judgement and the ability to
                        In 2025, the Board participated in a number of events with NAB
                                                                                          act in the best interests of NAB beyond that period. The
                        colleagues, including:
                                                                                          overall tenure profile of the Board is also a relevant factor.
                        •    Meetings with specific teams to learn about their day-to-
                                                                                          In considering the independence of each director, the
                             day work and areas of subject matter expertise.
                                                                                          Board considers the factors outlined in the 4th edition
                        •    Meetings with senior leaders in structured and               ASX Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations.
                             unstructured formats.                                        The Board has determined for 2025 that all non-
                        •    Site visits and events with colleagues to listen to          executive directors identified on pages 51 to 55 are
                             customers and support them with their needs.                 independent and that the Board consisted of a majority of
                        All of these events provided valuable opportunities for           independent directors.
                        directors to experience the culture and capability of leaders     To further assist in ensuring that the Board operates
                        and colleagues.                                                   independently of management, non-executive directors meet
                                                                                          in the absence of management at most scheduled Board and
                        Director induction and continuing education                       committee meetings.
                        Each new director is provided with an orientation program
                        that includes discussions with management, and briefings and      Conflicts of interest
                        workshops on NAB’s:                                               Under Australian law, directors have a duty to avoid conflicts
                        •    Major lines of business.                                     of interest.

                        •    Strategic and financial plans.                               The NAB Conflicts of Interest Policy and the NAB Constitution
                                                                                          establish clear rules, controls and guidance regarding the
                        •    Risk management strategy, frameworks, compliance
                                                                                          management of actual, potential or perceived conflicts
                             programs and significant risk management matters,
                                                                                          of interest.
                             including cyber and financial crime risk management.
                                                                                          Directors are expected to avoid any action, position or
                        •    Financial statements, including significant financial and
                                                                                          interest that conflicts or appears to conflict with an interest
                             accounting matters.
                                                                                          of NAB. This is a matter for ongoing and active consideration
                        •    NAB’s performance management structure.                      by all directors, and any director who has a material personal
                        •    Internal and external audit programs.                        interest in a matter relating to NAB’s affairs must notify
                        •    Purpose, values and Code of Conduct.                         the Board.

                        •    Key policies and external commitments.                       If a potential conflict of interest arises, NAB’s corporate
                                                                                          governance standards dictate that the director concerned


                        64     National Australia Bank
                        Board composition, diversity and performance (cont.)




                        does not receive copies of the relevant Board papers and is
                        not present at meetings while such matters are considered.
                        In this way, the director takes no part in discussions and
                        exercises no influence over the other members of the Board.                                      About
                        If a significant conflict of interest with a director exists and
                        cannot be resolved, the director is expected to tender his or                                 this report
                        her resignation.
                        For more information, refer to the Corporate Governance
                        section of nab.com.au.

                        Access to management and independent
                        professional advice                                                                           Our business
                        The Board and its committees have free and unfettered

                                                                                                                         in 2025
                        access to senior management, and any other relevant internal
                        or external party and information, and may make any enquiries
                        to fulfil their responsibilities.
                        The Board Charter and Board Committee Operating Rules
                        clearly state that the Board or its committees may




                                                                                                                        Creating value




For personal use only
                        engage external consultants and experts as required, and
                        written guidelines entitle each director to seek independent
                        professional advice at NAB’s expense, with the prior approval
                        of the Chair. The Board can conduct or direct any investigation
                        to fulfil its responsibilities and can retain, at NAB’s expense,
                        any legal, accounting or other services that it considers
                        necessary from time to time to fulfil its duties.

                        Director and executive
                        shareholding requirements                                                                     Corporate
                                                                                                                     Governance
                        To align with shareholders’ interests, the Board has adopted
                        a policy that non-executive directors must hold a minimum
                        number of NAB ordinary shares equal in value to the Chair's and                              Statement
                        other directors' respective annual Board fee within five years
                        of appointment.
                        The value of a non-executive director’s shareholding is based
                        on the share price at the time shares were acquired.

                                                                                                                         Risk
                        All non-executive directors have met their minimum
                        shareholding requirement.

                                                                                                                      management
                        Minimum shareholding requirements for the Executive
                        Leadership Team are:
                        •   Group CEO: two times fixed remuneration.
                        •   Group Executives: one times fixed remuneration.
                        Newly appointed Executive Leadership Team members are

                                                                                                                        Report of
                        required to satisfy the minimum shareholding requirement
                        within a five-year period from the date of commencement in


                                                                                                                      the Directors
                        their role.
                        The Group CEO and other Group Executives have met, or are on
                        track to meet their minimum shareholding requirement.
                        Details of NAB shareholding requirements for non-executive
                        directors and the Executive Leadership Team are set out in




                                                                                                                        Financial report
                        the Remuneration Report.




                                                                                                                       Additional

                                                                                                                      information




                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   65
                        Board committees
                        Nomination & Governance Committee
                         Committee purpose             2025 areas of focus                                                     Relevant information
                         Supports the Board            •   Board composition and skills: assessing the necessary and           •   Must have a minimum
                         on composition and                desirable skills and competencies of the Board and Chair, and           of three independent non-
                         governance matters.               of the committees and committee chairs, as well as making               executive directors.
                                                           recommendations on continuing education and development             •   The Chair of the Board is
                                                           for the Board and directors.                                            Committee Chair.
                                                       •   Nominations: with the assistance of an external recruitment         2025 Members:
                                                           consultant, identifying potential director candidates and
                                                           making recommendations to the Board on the selection.               •   Philip Chronican (Committee Chair)
                                                       •   Governance: reviewing corporate governance principles and           •   Carolyn Kay
                                                           policies, and governance developments.                              •   Anne Loveridge (until
                                                                                                                                   December 2024)
                                                                                                                               •   Simon McKeon


                        Audit Committee
                         Committee purpose             2025 areas of focus                                                     Relevant information
                         Supports the Board            •   Financial and climate statements: overseeing the integrity          •   Must have a minimum




For personal use only
                         by providing objective,           of the Group’s financial and climate statements, including              of three independent non-
                         non-executive review              key accounting judgements and compliance with accounting                executive directors.
                         and oversight of                  standards and policies.                                             •   Has members who also sit on the
                         the effectiveness             •   Reporting: overseeing the adequacy of the Group's financial             Risk & Compliance Committee.
                         of the Group's                    and external reporting processes including regulatory
                         financial and external                                                                                •   Has members who are financially
                                                           reporting and climate reporting.                                        literate and at least one member
                         reporting (including
                         climate reporting) and        •   Audit results: reviewing key internal and external audit findings       with appropriate accounting or
                         tax risk management               and insights specific to financial and external reporting.              financial expertise.
                         and whistleblower             •   Auditor performance and independence: overseeing the                2025 Members:
                         frameworks. This                  performance and independence of Internal Audit and the
                                                                                                                               •   Alison Kitchen (Committee Chair)
                         includes overseeing the           external auditor, including review of the adequacy of internal
                         integrity of the financial        and external audit plans and resourcing.                            •   Warwick Hunt (from
                         and climate statements                                                                                    December 2024)
                                                       •   Whistleblower Program: overseeing the effectiveness of the
                         and reviewing the                 Group Whistleblower Protection Policy and Program including         •   Carolyn Kay
                         financial and external            material matters being investigated, key themes and trends.         •   Anne Loveridge (until
                         reporting processes
                                                       •   Tax: reviewing tax risk and tax governance arrangements.                December 2024)
                         of the Group, the
                         tax risk management                                                                                   •   Doug McKay (until December 2024)
                         frameworks, the Internal                                                                              The Group Chief Financial Officer
                         Audit function, the                                                                                   (CFO), Deputy Group CFO (or delegate),
                         external auditor, and                                                                                 Executive, Internal Audit and senior
                         the Group Whistleblower                                                                               executives of the Group’s external
                         Protection Policy                                                                                     auditor, EY, attended all eligible
                         and Program.                                                                                          committee meetings.


                        People & Remuneration Committee
                         Committee purpose             2025 areas of focus                                                     Relevant information
                         Supports the Board            •   Strategy execution: monitoring the impact from, and                 •   Must have a minimum
                         in discharging                    the embedding of, key elements of the Colleague                         of three independent non-
                         its responsibilities              Strategy, including leadership, talent development, succession          executive directors.
                         relating to people                and engagement.                                                     •   Has two members who also sit on
                         and remuneration              •   Remuneration governance: monitoring how remuneration and                the Risk & Compliance Committee.
                         strategies, policies              performance frameworks (including conduct and consequence
                         and practices of                                                                                      2025 Members:
                                                           management outcomes) are applied across the Group,
                         the Group, including              particularly ensuring effective connections between risk            •   Kathryn Fagg (Committee Chair)
                         sustainability related            management and remuneration outcomes. Maintaining a                 •   Christine Fellowes
                         performance measures.             relationship with the Risk & Compliance Committee on the
                         The committee                                                                                         •   Simon McKeon (from March 2025)
                                                           intersection between risk management performance and
                         undertakes these                  remuneration outcomes. Reviewing performance outcomes               •   Ann Sherry
                         activities with the               and the operation of the Specialist Incentive Plans.                The Board Chair, the Group CEO, the
                         objective that they align
                                                       •   Executive performance: evaluating individual executive              Group Chief Risk Officer (CRO), the
                         with and enable the
                                                           performance in the context of Group performance at least            Group Executive, People & Culture and
                         overall Group Strategy
                                                           twice each reporting period, and recommending to the                the Executive, Internal Audit attended
                         and support the
                                                           Board the fixed remuneration and variable reward outcomes           all major committee meetings.
                         Group’s purpose, values,
                         strategic objectives and          for the Group CEO, Group Executives and certain other
                         risk appetite (while not          senior executives. Information on the process for evaluating
                         rewarding conduct or              executive performance is set out in the Remuneration Report.
                         behaviours that are           •   Group performance and variable reward: considering Group
                         contrary to these aims).          performance for 2025 (with the assistance of other Board
                                                           committees) and making a Group Performance Indicator
                                                           (GPI) recommendation to the Board for the Group Variable
                                                           Reward Plan.




                        66   National Australia Bank
                        Board committees (cont.)




                        Risk & Compliance Committee
                         Committee purpose          2025 areas of focus                                                     Relevant information
                         Supports the Board         •   Risk appetite: reviewing and overseeing the Group and NAB Risk      •   Must have a minimum                            About
                         with oversight of the          Appetite Statement and Risk Management Strategy, covering               of three independent non-
                         Group’s risk profile           existing and emerging financial and non-financial risks.                executive directors.
                                                                                                                                                                            this report
                         and risk management,       •   Risk management: reviewing the Board’s annual Risk                  •   Has members who also sit
                         overseeing the                 Management Declaration to APRA for the year ended                       on the Audit Committee,
                         implementation and             30 September 2024 and overseeing management’s progress in               the People & Remuneration
                         operation of the Risk          addressing matters identified in that Declaration.                      Committee and the Nomination &
                         Management Framework                                                                                   Governance Committee.
                         and internal compliance    •   Material risk updates: overseeing key material risk categories,


                                                                                                                                                                            Our business
                         and control systems,           including: credit risk; balance sheet & liquidity risk; market      2025 Members:
                         reviewing management's         risk; operational risk; compliance risk; conduct risk; and
                                                                                                                            •   Simon McKeon (Committee Chair)
                         plans to mitigate              sustainability risk. The Board has retained direct oversight of
                                                                                                                            •   Kathryn Fagg

                                                                                                                                                                               in 2025
                         material risks, and            strategic risk.
                         reviewing the outcomes     •   Compliance culture: focusing on regulatory and legislative          •   Warwick Hunt (from
                         of stress testing of the       requirements and the controls and compliance environment to             December 2024)
                         Group risk portfolio.          monitor adherence and shortcomings.                                 •   Carolyn Kay
                         The Committee makes        •   Controls environment: reviewing the health and effectiveness        •   Anne Loveridge (until
                         recommendations to             of controls.                                                            December 2024)
                         the Board on the           •   Audit matters: reviewing key internal audit issues and obtaining




                                                                                                                                                                              Creating value
                                                                                                                            The Group CRO, Group CFO, Executive,




For personal use only
                         Group's current and            insights relating to risks, controls and risk culture, including    Internal Audit and partners from the
                         future risk appetite,          monitoring management’s response to matters raised.                 Group’s external auditor, EY, attended
                         risk management
                                                    •   Technology: reviewing updates relating to the technology risk       all eligible committee meetings. The
                         strategy and particular
                                                        profile, technology resilience and cyber risks.                     Board Chair and the Group CEO
                         risks or risk
                                                                                                                            attended the majority of meetings.
                         management practices,      •   External environment: reviewing regular updates on
                         and risk-related               geopolitical developments, credit, market and liquidity
                         policies, frameworks           conditions and the impact of external conditions on
                         and processes.                 certain portfolios.
                         These responsibilities     •   Capital and liquidity: continued emphasis on monitoring and
                                                        reviewing the level of capital and liquidity held by the Group.
                                                                                                                                                                            Corporate
                         relate to financial and
                         non-financial risks, and   •   Offshore operations: overseeing their activities, material risks,

                                                                                                                                                                           Governance
                         extend to sustainability       external environment and regulatory requirements.
                         risks (including climate
                                                    •   Remuneration: continued to provide input and perspectives on
                         and human rights-
                         related risks) and the
                                                        the intersection between risk management performance and
                                                        remuneration to the Board and the People & Remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                           Statement
                         Group's environmental
                                                        Committee when considering the performance of the Group
                         compliance and
                                                        and Accountable Persons.
                         performance reported
                         and escalated              •   Sustainability: reviewing updates on sustainability risk,
                         by management.                 including climate change matters.


                        Customer Committee                                                                                                                                     Risk

                         Committee purpose          2025 areas of focus                                                     Relevant information                            management
                         Supports the Board         •   Customers: to gain a deeper understanding of how NAB                •   Must have a minimum
                         with overseeing                supports customers, the Committee met with colleagues,                  of three independent non-
                         the embedding of               customers and consumer advocacy organisations throughout                executive directors.
                         customer-centricity            the year.                                                           2025 Members:
                         at NAB.

                                                                                                                                                                              Report of
                                                    •   Customer Advocate: reviewing reports from the Customer
                                                                                                                            •   Ann Sherry (Committee Chair)
                                                        Advocate - Banking on advocacy and insights to
                                                        deliver fair outcomes for NAB customers that align with             •   Christine Fellowes
                                                        community expectations.

                                                                                                                                                                            the Directors
                                                                                                                            •   Alison Kitchen
                                                    •   Customer remediation: reviewing and evaluating management           •   Doug McKay (until December 2024)
                                                        reports on both banking and wealth remediation.
                                                                                                                            The Group Executive, Customer &
                                                    •   Customer complaints: monitoring NAB’s complaint capture,            Corporate Services attended the
                                                        handling and themes.                                                majority of meetings.
                                                    •   Simplification: monitoring NAB's product simplification progress




                                                                                                                                                                              Financial report
                                                        and outcomes.
                                                    •   Scams: monitoring how NAB helps customers avoid being
                                                        scammed and supporting customers when they are scammed.
                                                    •   Financial hardship: support for customers experiencing
                                                        financial hardship and vulnerability.


                        Subsidiary boards
                        NAB has a number of subsidiary companies. The activities of each subsidiary company in the Group are overseen by that
                        company’s own board of directors. The Board’s confidence in the activities of its controlled entities stems from the quality of
                        the directors on those subsidiary boards and their commitment to NAB’s objectives. NAB has one significant subsidiary, BNZ. The
                        Chair of the BNZ Board is Warwick Hunt, who is also a director on the NAB Board. NAB directors have a standing invitation to attend                  Additional
                        board meetings of BNZ to develop a broader understanding of its operations. The boards of BNZ, NAB India and NAB Vietnam met
                                                                                                                                                                            information
                        with the NAB Board in 2025 during respective visits to Melbourne.
                        The Group's subsidiary governance framework sets out the corporate governance requirements for subsidiaries operating within
                        the Group environment including different roles and responsibilities of subsidiaries, their boards and management.


                                                                                                                                                 2025 Annual Report   67
                        Governance, conduct
                        and culture
                        Governance, conduct and culture
                        The Board approves NAB’s purpose, values and Code of Conduct as the foundation for NAB's desired culture, overseeing
                        management's efforts to cultivate a workplace culture focused on sound risk management and positive customer outcomes.

                        NAB values and culture
                        To support our strategic ambition to be the most customer-centric company in Australia and New Zealand, where colleagues
                        are customer obsessed and proud to work at NAB, the company values were refreshed in October 2024, which are known as
                        Who We Are. These values, articulate expected behaviours of colleagues, aligning with NAB's Code of Conduct and performance
                        management framework.
                        NAB's culture ambition is articulated in the Colleague Strategy, which was established with an ambition for customer obsessed
                        colleagues who are proud to work at NAB. Further details of NAB's Colleague Strategy are available in the Colleagues section of
                        this Report.
                        Who We Are has been approved by the Board and is summarised below.




                             Who We Are




For personal use only
                             Every one of us at NAB commits to individually owning these behaviours so that we can build a truly customer-
                             obsessed culture.


                                                                          • We put our customers at the centre of everything we do. Without them, there would be no NAB.
                                                                          • We build enduring customer relationships through empathy and trust.
                         We are customer obsessed • We prioritise exceptional customer service – it’s what sets us apart.

                                                                          • We show up for our customers as one team to create consistent, seamless experiences.
                                                                          • We make things simple for colleagues so we can be exceptional for our customers.
                                             We keep it simple • We look for simple solutions when things are complex or don’t make sense.

                                                                          • We work quickly and with purpose for our customers.
                                                                          • We innovate and look for better ways to deliver. If we make mistakes, we learn and correct as we go.
                                         We move with speed • We are empowered to make decisions safely for the benefit of our customers.

                                                                          • We take responsibility for the success of NAB, beyond our team.
                                                                          • We do what is right, even when it’s hard.
                                                         We own it • We never say “that’s not my job”. We take ownership and follow up until it’s resolved.

                                                                          • We bring the right people together, knowing diverse ideas achieve more.
                                                                          • We set bold ambitions and clear expectations to get the best customer outcomes.
                                              We win together • We speak up on issues and invite challenge, working with respect and curiosity.

                        Customer obsessed colleagues who are proud to work at NAB
                        NAB has a continued focus on improving its culture and risk culture, through leadership focus and an emphasis to embed
                        the desired behaviours and values. Who We Are has been embedded across talent management practices including our
                        performance management framework and recruitment processes, as well as through increasing people leader and colleague
                        capability. Who We Are practices are also embedded in team operating rhythms enabled by a Culture Champion network to
                        foster a customer-centric culture. Progress is reported to the Board annually and measurement uses data including colleague
                        engagement Heartbeat surveys, risk culture dashboard and objective performance metrics. The varied data inputs provide a
                        holistic and integrated assessment and bring meaningful insights to inform management action on culture and risk culture.
                        NAB's Inclusion and Diversity Policy is available in the Corporate Governance section of nab.com.au. Information about NAB's
                        measurable objectives is located in the Inclusion and diversity section of this Report.




                        68     National Australia Bank
                        Governance, conduct and culture (cont.)




                        Conduct                                                           The Group Whistleblower Program provides confidential
                        NAB has a suite of policies and practices to promote              channels for colleagues (current and former colleagues,
                                                                                          officers, contractors and/or suppliers) to raise concerns,
                                                                                                                                                                    About
                        a culture of honesty, integrity, competence and
                        ethical behaviour. Policy compliance is monitored, and            including through FairCall, an independently monitored
                        consequence management procedures exist for breaches              external hotline service operated by KPMG.
                        of policies, standards and other obligations. Senior leaders'     The Group Whistleblower Protection Policy provides                     this report
                        performance is measured against risk, conduct and                 information on the support and protection available to
                        accountability measures.                                          whistleblowers, how matters will be investigated and
                                                                                          reinforces a no tolerance approach for any act of reprisal
                        NAB's Code of Conduct                                             against those who speak up.
                        NAB’s Code of Conduct (the Code) was approved by the Board
                                                                                                                                                                 Our business
                                                                                          The Program has been established as an independent
                        and outlines expectations of directors, leaders, colleagues       function with direct escalation and reporting lines
                        and contractors who provide services on behalf of NAB.            to the Board’s Audit Committee via the Group

                                                                                                                                                                    in 2025
                        The Code captures NAB’s legal obligations and an expectation      Whistleblower Committee.
                        to act ethically and responsibly towards customers,               The Group Whistleblower Protection Policy is available in the
                        colleagues and communities. The Code emphasises Who               Code of Conduct section at nab.com.au.
                        We Are, and the key policies and guidelines which must
                        be followed to achieve expected outcomes. The Code                Anti-bribery and corruption policy




                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value
                        encourages individuals to 'Speak Up' about concerns




For personal use only
                                                                                          The Group is committed to preventing financial crime and
                        along with a framework for ethical decision making. A             takes a zero-tolerance approach to bribery and corruption.
                        comprehensive review and refresh of the Code is currently         This is reflected in the Group’s Anti-Bribery and Corruption
                        underway to reflect NAB's evolving priorities and core            (ABC) Policy and Framework as well as the Group’s dedication
                        company values.                                                   to acting:
                        The Code is supported by an established framework for             •   Honestly, with integrity and upholding the highest ethical
                        conduct and consequence management. Each business and                 standards in its global activities.
                        enabling unit has established forums to review breaches of
                        the Code at least quarterly, taking action to set the tone        •   In compliance with all applicable anti-bribery and

                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate
                        and reinforce NAB’s standards of conduct and culture. Any             corruption laws in all jurisdictions in which the
                        material breaches or conduct that is materially inconsistent          Group operates.
                        with the expected outcomes in the Code are reported to the        The prohibition against bribery and corruption in the ABC             Governance
                                                                                                                                                                Statement
                        People & Remuneration Committee.                                  Policy applies to NAB’s entities, colleagues and all agents,
                        NAB’s Code of Conduct is available in the                         contractors and other third parties acting for or on
                        Corporate Governance section at nab.com.au/about-us/              behalf of the Group. The Group strictly prohibits bribery
                        corporate governance.                                             in any form (including facilitation payments). The ABC
                                                                                          Policy includes additional requirements around gifts and


                                                                                                                                                                    Risk
                        Financial Accountability Regime (FAR)                             entertainment involving government officials which require
                                                                                          approvals regardless of value. The ABC Policy is supplemented
                        The Financial Accountability Regime (FAR) imposes obligations
                                                                                          by supporting procedures which define minimum standards for
                        on NAB and its Accountable Persons.

                                                                                                                                                                 management
                                                                                          compliance with the ABC Policy. Material breaches of the ABC
                        For the purposes of FAR, NAB has registered certain individuals   Policy are reported to the Board by the Group CRO. NAB is a
                        (the directors, Group Executives, Executive Internal Audit        Cornerstone Member of Transparency International Australia,
                        and Executive Group Money Laundering Reporting Officer) as        a member of the Bribery Prevention Network and is a signatory
                        ‘Accountable Persons’ with APRA and ASIC. NAB undertakes          to the UN Global Compact, pledging to work against corruption
                        appropriate checks before appointing executives or putting        in all its forms.

                                                                                                                                                                   Report of
                        someone forward for election as a director.
                                                                                          The Group’s ABC Policy is available in the Managing Financial
                        NAB’s implementation of FAR continues to strengthen and           Crime section at nab.com.au.
                        clarify its accountability structures and practices. This helps

                                                                                                                                                                 the Directors
                        to ensure clearer delegation and decision-making processes.       Group disclosure and external communication policy
                        All NAB Accountable Persons have a letter of appointment          The Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and the ASX Listing Rules
                        (in the case of directors) or written employment agreement        require that, subject to certain exceptions, once NAB
                        (in the case of executives), which governs the terms of           becomes aware of any information concerning it that
                        their appointment, as well as a detailed FAR Accountability       a reasonable person would expect to have a material




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
                        Statement which is lodged with APRA and ASIC.                     effect on the price or value of NAB securities (‘market
                                                                                          sensitive information’), NAB will immediately disclose that
                        Escalation and whistleblower protection                           information to the ASX and where applicable, to other relevant
                        The Group Whistleblower Protection Policy and Whistleblower       stock exchanges.
                        Program reflects the Group’s ambition for an environment          NAB manages compliance with its continuous disclosure
                        where colleagues feel safe and empowered to speak up              obligations through its Group Disclosure and External
                        about wrongdoing.                                                 Communications Policy and associated guidance notes. NAB’s
                        All colleagues are encouraged to raise concerns about             Disclosure Committee, comprised of senior executives, has
                        wrongdoing including conduct that may be illegal,                 primary responsibility regarding NAB’s disclosure obligations.

                                                                                                                                                                  Additional
                        unacceptable or improper.                                         Potentially disclosable matters are promptly referred to the
                                                                                          Disclosure Committee for assessment and determination. NAB
                        By speaking up, colleagues help to identify and address
                                                                                                                                                                 information
                                                                                          operates a strict decision-making regime to enable it to
                        wrongdoing as early as possible ensuring we focus on getting
                                                                                          monitor compliance with its disclosure obligations.
                        the basics right and serving customers well.



                                                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report    69
                        Governance, conduct and culture (cont.)




                        All members of the ELT are responsible for ensuring their          and reporting of potential modern slavery and human
                        teams adhere to the Policy and for liaising directly with          trafficking concerns and Financial Crime team monitoring and
                        the Group Executive, Customer & Corporate Services or the          investigation of human impact crimes; and (iii) consideration
                        Chief Legal Officer, Corporate & Customer Divisions on any         of modern slavery and human trafficking risk in ESG risk
                        potentially disclosable matters. Routine administrative ASX        assessments conducted as part of customer credit risk
                        announcements are made by the Group Company Secretary              assessment and due diligence processes, where applicable.
                        without reference to the Disclosure Committee.                     The Group's Human Rights Policy is available
                        Where appropriate, the Board is consulted on disclosures of        in the Human rights approach section
                        utmost significance and all announcements of major matters         at nab.com.au/about-us/sustainability/reporting-policies-
                        require consideration and approval by the Board.                   approach/human-rights-approach.
                        The Board receives copies of all material market                   The Group's Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking
                        announcements promptly after they have been made.                  Statement is available in the Sustainability performance
                        The Group Disclosure and External Communications Policy is         and reporting section at nab.com.au/about-us/social-
                        available in the Corporate Governance section at nab.com.au/       impact/modern-slavery-statement.
                        about-us/corporate governance.

                        Restrictions on trading in NAB securities
                        NAB’s Group Securities Trading Policy and associated guidance




For personal use only
                        notes explain the law and the policy for its colleagues to
                        comply with when trading in NAB securities.
                        NAB has black-out periods prior to the release of the Group’s
                        financial results during which specified colleagues and their
                        immediate family members and associates must not trade in
                        NAB securities. In addition, ad hoc restrictions may be imposed
                        on all, or individually identified, colleagues from time to time
                        when there is a heightened risk of those colleagues coming
                        into contact with market sensitive information.
                        All NAB colleagues (and in relation to members of key
                        management personnel, their closely related parties) are
                        prohibited from using derivatives or otherwise entering
                        into hedging arrangements in relation to elements of their
                        remuneration that are unvested or which have vested but
                        remain subject to forfeiture conditions.
                        For more detail, refer to the Remuneration Report.
                        The Group Securities Trading Policy is available in the
                        Corporate Governance section at nab.com.au/about-us/
                        corporate governance.

                        Group political contributions policy
                        Since 2016, NAB has not made donations to any political party,
                        parliamentarian, elected official or candidate for political
                        office. Colleagues attend some paid events (e.g., business
                        forums and associated events by major political parties)
                        and payment for these events is disclosed as a political
                        contribution to the Australian Electoral Commission in the
                        interests of transparency. For detail on NAB’s approach to
                        engaging on public policy, including further information on
                        political contributions, refer to the Stakeholder Engagement
                        section on page 32.
                        NAB considers its Group Political Contributions Policy every
                        two years. The Group Political Contributions Policy is available
                        in the Corporate Governance section at nab.com.au/about-
                        us/corporate governance.

                        Modern slavery and human trafficking statement
                        The Group provides an annual Modern Slavery and Human
                        Trafficking Statement. From 2020, this statement has been
                        pursuant to both the Modern Slavery Act 2015 (UK) and
                        the Modern Slavery Act 2018 (Cth). Consideration of modern
                        slavery is incorporated into the Group Human Rights Policy and
                        relevant risk management practices and processes applicable
                        to the Group’s customer and third-party relationships. This
                        includes: (i) management of sustainability risk (incorporating
                        modern slavery and human trafficking risk), within the Group's
                        material supply chain relationships; (ii) banker identification


                        70   National Australia Bank
                        Assurance and control
                        For the Board to determine that the Group's                       Periodic corporate reports
                        financial statements and disclosures are                          The Annual Report, Climate Report, Investor Presentations,
                        complete and accurate, it reviews information
                                                                                                                                                                     About
                                                                                          Quarterly Trading Updates, Half Year Results, Full Year Results
                        provided by management. Independent and                           Management Discussion and Analysis and Pillar 3 Report form
                                                                                          the suite of the Group’s periodic corporate reports.
                                                                                                                                                                  this report
                        objective assurance is provided by the
                        Group’s external auditor, EY, on the audited                      Each report is subject to the Group’s risk management
                                                                                          and internal control systems. Assurance over risk
                        Financial report.
                                                                                          management and internal control systems is achieved
                                                                                          through assessments of the effectiveness of controls.
                        External Audit
                                                                                          The integrity of the Group’s periodic corporate reports is

                                                                                                                                                                  Our business
                        Throughout 2025, NAB’s external auditor was EY. The Audit
                                                                                          underpinned by structures and processes within the Group
                        Committee is responsible for reviewing the appointment,
                                                                                          functions that support areas of judgement, validation of
                        evaluation, management and removal of the external auditor,

                                                                                                                                                                     in 2025
                                                                                          information and the maintenance of proper records for
                        and the approval of the external auditor’s annual fees (subject
                                                                                          all information.
                        to shareholder approval where required). The Audit Committee
                        oversees EY’s responsibilities and regularly meets with EY to     The Group’s reporting policies incorporate Australian
                        review the adequacy of the external audit arrangements with       and international regulatory, legislative and prudential
                        emphasis on effectiveness, performance and independence.          requirements. The Group's Enterprise Reporting Assurance
                        This includes an annual review of the external audit plan.        team verifies and checks information across the suite of




                                                                                                                                                                    Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                          the Group’s periodic corporate reports. Group Executives and
                        To foster open communication and to facilitate appropriate
                                                                                          subject matter experts certify the information pertaining to
                        matters coming to the attention of the Audit Committee, the
                                                                                          their area of responsibility is materially complete and not
                        Group CEO, Group CFO, Deputy Group CFO, Group CRO, Group
                                                                                          materially misleading by statement or omission.
                        Executive, Customer & Corporate Services, Practice Group
                        Head, Corporate Legal, Executive Internal Audit, and the lead     The level of external assurance provided on the suite of
                        External Audit Partner all have direct and unfettered access to   the Group’s periodic corporate reports is disclosed by the
                        the Audit Committee.                                              external auditor in their reports presented in NAB’s 2025
                                                                                          Annual Report and 2025 Climate Report.
                        NAB does not employ or appoint to the Board, Group or any
                        subsidiary board or management body, any current or former        Where there is no external assurance provided,                          Corporate
                        partner, principal, shareholder or professional employee of       management’s assurance procedures are considered
                        the external auditor or their family members, if to do so would   adequate by the Audit Committee for ensuring the Group’s               Governance
                                                                                                                                                                 Statement
                        impair the auditor’s independence.                                periodic corporate reports are materially accurate, balanced
                                                                                          and provide investors with appropriate information to make
                        The Audit Committee has adopted a Group External Auditor
                                                                                          informed decisions.
                        Independence Policy that requires pre-approval of any
                        services proposed to be provided by the external auditor to       Internal Audit
                        ensure that independence is maintained. The Audit Committee

                                                                                                                                                                     Risk
                                                                                          The role of Internal Audit is to provide independent assurance
                        delegates authority to the Group CFO and Deputy Group
                                                                                          on the adequacy and effectiveness of NAB’s Risk Management
                        CFO to approve services where the expected cost of the
                                                                                          Framework. Internal Audit forms the third line of risk
                        service is less than $200,000 (excluding local taxes). Services

                                                                                                                                                                  management
                                                                                          accountability in NAB’s Risk Management Framework.
                        over $200,000 (excluding local taxes) require the approval by
                        the Chair of the Audit Committee as the Audit Committee           The Executive, Internal Audit needs to be suitably qualified for
                        delegated authority. The exercise of any such delegation is       the role.
                        reported to the Audit Committee at least biannually.              A recommendation on the appointment, performance and
                        The Group External Auditor Independence Policy defines audit-     dismissal of the Executive, Internal Audit is made by the Audit


                                                                                                                                                                    Report of
                        related and taxation-related services and stipulates that         Committee to the Board. The Audit Committee monitors the
                        certain services are entirely prohibited from being provided      activities and performance of Internal Audit and assesses
                        by the external auditor to ensure the independence of             whether it remains independent of management and is

                                                                                                                                                                  the Directors
                        the external auditor is maintained. Non-audit services are        adequately resourced and funded.
                        permitted where the service meets auditor independence            Internal Audit has a direct reporting line to the Chair of the
                        requirements with the approval by the Chair of the                Audit Committee and informal reporting lines to the Group
                        Audit Committee.                                                  CEO and Group CFO. Internal Audit is also the custodian of
                        Unless the Audit Committee approves otherwise, fees paid for      the Group Whistleblower Protection Policy and Whistleblower




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial report
                        the provision of audit-related, taxation-related and non-audit    Program as set out on page 69.
                        services must not exceed fees paid for audit services in any      As well as reporting regularly to the Audit Committee, the
                        year. Details of the services provided by the external auditor    Executive, Internal Audit provides regular reports to the
                        to the Group and the fees paid or payable for such services       Risk & Compliance Committee on risk and control matters
                        are set out in Note 33 Remuneration of external auditor in the    and attends People & Remuneration Committee meetings
                        Financial Report.                                                 to provide insights on conduct and culture matters. The
                        Legislation requires the rotation of the external audit senior    Executive, Internal Audit also has direct and unfettered
                        personnel who are significantly involved in NAB’s audit after     access to the Risk & Compliance Committee.
                        five successive years, including the Lead Partner.                Both the External and Internal Audit functions have full and

                                                                                                                                                                   Additional
                        The external auditor attends the AGM and is available to          unrestricted access to all colleagues, records and systems as
                        answer shareholder questions regarding the conduct of the         necessary to undertake their activities.

                                                                                                                                                                  information
                        audit and the content of the audit report.




                                                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report     71
                        Compliance with ASX corporate
                        governance recommendations
                        This statement has been approved by the Board of National Australia Bank Limited (Board) and is
                        current as at 30 September 2025.

                        NAB's Appendix 4G (a checklist that cross references the disclosures in this Statement to the ASX Corporate Governance
                        Principles and Recommendations) is available in the Corporate Governance section of nab.com.au.
                        Before publication of NAB's 2025 Annual Report, the Board received a joint declaration from the Group CEO and the Group
                        CFO that:
                        •    In their opinion the financial records of NAB have been properly maintained in accordance with the Corporations Act
                             2001 (Cth).
                        •    In their opinion the financial statements and notes comply with the appropriate accounting standards and give a true and fair
                             view of the financial position and performance of the Group.
                        •    Their opinion was formed based on a sound system of risk management and internal control which is operating effectively.




For personal use only




                        72     National Australia Bank
                                               Corporate
   About      Our business                                    Risk        Report of                         Additional
                             Creating value   Governance                                Financial report
this report      in 2025                                   management   the Directors                      information
                                               Statement
                       Risk
                       management
                             For personal use only
                        Risk management overview
                        Risk includes the potential for harm and is an inherent part of our business. Managing it effectively and
                        making risk management simple for colleagues to support our customers is crucial to NAB’s success.
                        The Risk Management Strategy articulates the Risk Management Framework.

                        Risk Management Framework                                                                  Sustainability Risk Management
                        The Risk Management Framework (RMF) consists of systems,                                   Sustainability-related risks are identified, measured,
                        policies, processes, and colleagues within the Group to                                    monitored, reported and overseen in accordance with the
                        manage material risks.                                                                     Group’s RMS and RMF and reflected in the Group RAS
                        Material risks are those that could have a material impact,                                and relevant supporting sectoral credit appetite strategies,
                        either financial and/or non-financial, on the Group or on                                  sustainability risk-related policies and management practices.
                        the interests of customers. The Group's material risks                                     Executive management’s Group Credit & Market Risk
                        are categorised as: strategic risk, credit risk, market risk,                              Committee oversees sustainability risk, which is defined as the
                        sustainability risk, balance sheet and liquidity risk, operational                         risk that "Environmental, Social or Governance (ESG) events or
                        risk, compliance risk and conduct risk.                                                    conditions negatively impact the risk and return profile, value
                                                                                                                   or reputation of the Group or its customers and suppliers”
                        The Group operates a ‘Three Lines of Risk Accountability’                                  and includes climate, nature and human rights-related risk, as
                        model for risk management, emphasising that all three                                      a significant part of the Group's exposure to these risks is
                        lines are accountable for managing risk, but with specific                                 through lending to customers.
                        responsibilities across each line.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                   The Group's climate change disclosures align with TCFD
                        The role of each line is:                                                                  recommendations. In 2025, TCFD disclosures continue to be
                        •    Line 1 – Each of NAB's business and enabling units own risks                          provided in NAB's 2025 Climate Report, alongside a summary in
                             and obligations, and the controls and mitigation strategies                           this Report on page 37.
                             that help manage them.                                                                The Group's modern slavery statement is
                        •    Line 2 – A functionally segregated Risk function develops                             available at nab.com.au/about-us/social-impact/modern-
                             risk management frameworks, defines risk boundaries,                                  slavery-statement.
                             provides advice and objective review and challenge
                                                                                                                   Updates on sustainability risk, including papers on
                             regarding the effectiveness of risk management within
                                                                                                                   environmental and social risks, are provided to the Executive
                             first line units 1, and executes specific risk management
                                                                                                                   Risk & Compliance Committee, Board Risk & Compliance
                             activities where a functional segregation of duties and/or
                                                                                                                   Committee and Board as appropriate. Further information on
                             specific risk capability is required.
                                                                                                                   the Group’s material exposures to sustainability-related risks
                        •    Line 3 – An independent Internal Audit function, reporting to                         is set out in ‘Disclosure on risk factors’. Further details on how
                             the Board, monitors the end-to-end effectiveness of risk                              the Group manages risks presented by climate change within
                             management and compliance with the RMF.                                               its Risk Management Framework can be found in NAB's 2025
                        Risk governance refers to the formal structure used                                        Climate Report.
                        to support risk-based decision-making, risk management
                        review and challenge, and risk oversight across all Group's
                        operations. This consists of Board committees and executive
                        committees, delegations of authority for decision-making,
                        management structures and reporting. The risk governance
                        structure increases transparency and the sharing of insights,
                        guidance and challenge to support each FAR Accountable
                        Person(1) in their decision-making when discharging their
                        individual accountabilities.
                        The Group CRO report highlights risk appetite tolerances,
                        along with commentary on when triggers and limit thresholds
                        are exceeded. It is discussed at each scheduled meeting of
                        the Executive Risk & Compliance Committee, the Board Risk &
                        Compliance Committee, and the Board. It is also provided to
                        those bodies between scheduled meetings when it is timely or
                        appropriate to do so.
                        The Group Risk Appetite Statement (RAS) is a key component
                        of our RMF and articulates boundaries that are binding on the
                        Group to ensure that we operate within acceptable levels of
                        risk and in compliance with obligations and commitments.
                        The Risk Management Strategy (RMS) and RAS are approved
                        annually by the Board each October and submitted to APRA.
                        The Board also makes an annual Risk Management Declaration
                        (RMD) to APRA for NAB in accordance with the requirements
                        of APRA Prudential Standard CPS220 Risk Management. The
                        RMD confirms that NAB has an RMF that is appropriate for
                        the size, business mix and complexity of the Group, and
                        which is consistent with the Group’s strategic objectives and
                        business plan.

                            (1) For the purposes of FAR, NAB has registered certain individuals (the directors, Group Executives, Executive Internal Audit and Executive Group Money Laundering
                                Reporting Officer) as ‘Accountable Persons’ with APRA and ASIC.


                        74      National Australia Bank
                        Risk factors
                        Disclosure on risk factors                                             Elevated uncertainty and a changing macro-economic and
                                                                                               political environment may require the Group to change
                        Risks specific to the Group                                            certain business practices, such as with respect to
                        Set out below are the principal risks and uncertainties                supplier dependency, inventory management and customer                   About
                        associated with the Company and its controlled entities                exposures, or strategic initiatives, which may increase the
                        (Group). It is not possible to determine the likelihood of these       Group’s costs or adversely affect its financial performance.          this report
                        risks occurring with any certainty.                                    There is substantial competition across the markets in which
                        However, the risk in each category that the Company                    the Group operates. The Group faces competition from
                        considers most material is listed first, based on the                  traditional financial services providers, online banks, and other
                        information known by the Company at the date of this Report,           parties, including foreign banks and non-bank competitors,
                                                                                               such as private credit funds, asset managers, superannuation
                                                                                                                                                                     Our business
                        the Company’s best assessment of the likelihood of each
                        risk occurring and the potential negative impact to the Group          funds, pension funds, family offices, insurance companies,
                        should the relevant risk materialise. If one or more of these          mutual funds, hedge funds, securities brokerage firms,

                                                                                                                                                                        in 2025
                        risks materialises, the Group’s reputation, strategy, business,        financial technology companies, digital platforms and large
                        operations, financial condition, and future performance could          global technology companies. Some competitors have lower
                        be materially and adversely impacted.                                  costs, or operating or business models, technology platforms
                                                                                               or products that differ from, or are more competitive than, the
                        The Group’s Risk Management Framework and internal controls
                                                                                               Group’s. Additionally, some competitors are subject to less
                        may not be adequate or effective in accurately identifying,
                                                                                               regulatory oversight.




                                                                                                                                                                       Creating value
                        evaluating, or addressing risks faced by the Group. There




For personal use only
                        may be other risks that are unknown or deemed immaterial,              Competition for customers and the industry’s increasing use
                        but which may subsequently become known or material.                   of brokers may lead to a reduction in profit margins and/or
                        These may, individually or in aggregate, adversely impact the          a loss of market share and risks the disintermediation of
                        Group. Accordingly, no assurances or guarantees of future              customer relationships. Intense competition increases the
                        performance, profitability, distributions or returns of capital        risk of additional price pressure, especially in commoditised
                        are given by the Group.                                                lines of business, such as mortgages, where the providers
                                                                                               with the lowest unit cost may gain market share and industry
                        Strategic risk                                                         profit pools may be eroded. Such factors may ultimately

                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate
                        Strategic risk is the risk to earnings, capital, liquidity, funding,   impact the Group’s financial performance and position,
                        or reputation arising from an inadequate response to changes           profitability and returns to investors.
                        in the external environment and the risk of failing to                 Evolving industry trends, technological changes, the                 Governance
                        properly consider downstream impacts and achieve effective
                                                                                                                                                                     Statement
                                                                                               increasing adoption of AI, and geopolitical and environmental
                        outcomes when executing material change programs.                      factors have impacted, and may continue to impact, customer
                                                                                               and other stakeholder needs and preferences along with
                        Strategic initiatives may fail to be executed, may not                 shareholder expectations. Changes may occur suddenly,
                        deliver all anticipated benefits, or may otherwise change              and the Group may not predict these changes accurately
                        the Group’s risk profile.

                                                                                                                                                                        Risk
                                                                                               or quickly enough or have the resources and flexibility to
                        The Group invests significant financial, human and technology          adapt in sufficient time to meet the needs and preferences
                        resources in the execution of initiatives that are aligned             of customers and other stakeholders and to keep pace

                                                                                                                                                                     management
                        to its agreed strategy. These initiatives focus on a broad             with competitors. These risks are heightened in the current
                        range of areas including customers, technology, security,              context in which technology, including its impacts on the
                        resilience, business improvement, scenario planning, culture           financial services industry, continues to evolve at a rapid
                        and employees, regulatory compliance, and Environmental,               pace. Additionally, it may not be possible for the Group to
                        Social and Governance (ESG) matters and related process and            meet the expectations of stakeholders regarding certain
                        control changes. Many of these initiatives have, or may in the         trends or factors when there are opposing expectations

                                                                                                                                                                       Report of
                        future have, dependencies on external suppliers, partners, or          between different stakeholders.
                        other factors outside the Group’s control. There is a risk that
                                                                                               Recent trends that may impact the Group include:
                        these initiatives may not realise some or all their anticipated

                                                                                                                                                                     the Directors
                        benefits and outcomes, or they could lead to conflicts                 •   The rapid development and deployment of AI capabilities,
                        between customer expectations and the need to comply with                  including generative and agentic AI, which continue to
                        regulatory or legislative requirements. These initiatives may              be a key strategic consideration for the Group and
                        also increase operational, compliance, strategic and other                 for customers. Inadequate or lack of adoption of AI
                        risks, which may not be appropriately assessed or controlled.              within business processes or customer propositions could
                                                                                                   pose a strategic disadvantage to the Group relative




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial report
                        Any failure by the Group to deliver in accordance with
                                                                                                   to its competitors who deploy AI tools successfully
                        its strategy, or to execute delivery of strategic initiatives
                                                                                                   and could result in unwanted financial and non-financial
                        effectively, may result in material losses to the Group,
                                                                                                   consequences for the Group. In addition, the pace
                        reputational damage, breaches of law or obligations, or a
                                                                                                   and nuance of AI innovation means that risks may
                        failure to achieve anticipated benefits, and ultimately may
                                                                                                   emerge, which could materially impact the Group. The
                        materially and adversely impact the Group’s operations,
                                                                                                   deployment of AI technologies may also amplify existing
                        financial performance, and financial position.
                                                                                                   risks across other risk categories, particularly if new
                                                                                                   applications are introduced without adequate safeguards
                        The Group faces a continually changing
                                                                                                   for privacy, consumer protection, or discrimination, or
                        external environment.
                                                                                                                                                                      Additional
                                                                                                   without effective controls, governance, employee or risk
                        The Group operates in a dynamic and uncertain macro-                       management capability.

                                                                                                                                                                     information
                        economic environment influenced by a number of factors,
                                                                                               •   Lending to assist customers in achieving their ESG-related
                        including geopolitical events, macro policy events, fiscal
                                                                                                   performance objectives. Sustainable finance taxonomies
                        policy events, and governments responding to cost of
                                                                                                   are being implemented in a range of jurisdictions in
                        living pressures through various sector-based policies.


                                                                                                                                          2025 Annual Report   75
                        Risk factors (cont.)




                             which the Group operates (e.g., Australia, Europe, Japan       Adverse business conditions and ongoing economic
                             and Singapore), with some variation in the definitions for     headwinds across Australia and NZ may result in
                             assessing whether activities are ‘green’ or ‘sustainable’.     deterioration in the Group’s credit risk profile in the
                             This creates a complex environment which may lead to           short-to-medium term through accelerated increases in
                             greenwashing risks due to differences in interpretation.       defaulted loans.
                        •    The evolving and increasingly complex payments                 Adverse business conditions, including supply chain
                             landscape, including the increasing use of digital payments,   disruptions, labour constraints and rising input costs
                             new payments infrastructures and emerging technology           (including from volatile commodity and energy prices)
                             (including continued consumer and institutional adoption       may lead to increased strain across sectors such as
                             of stablecoin, cryptocurrencies, and other digital assets),    construction, wholesale trade and manufacturing. In parallel,
                             and the shift away from traditional payment methods.           sectors sensitive to discretionary consumer spending such
                        •    The continued implementation of the Consumer Data Right        as retail trade, tourism, hospitality and personal services
                             (CDR) in the Australian banking sector. The CDR seeks          are particularly exposed to shifts in consumer confidence
                             to increase competition and innovation between service         and behaviour resulting from rising household financial
                             providers by mandating and standardising the sharing of        pressures. In Australia, adverse business and macroeconomic
                             certain consumer and business customer data and data           conditions and technological change may trigger an increase
                             relating to their products and services. Where large global    in unemployment rates whereas in NZ, these dynamics
                             technology companies choose to participate in the CDR,         may reinforce and sustain the already elevated levels
                             there is potential for these companies to access more          of unemployment.




For personal use only
                             data which may increase their competitiveness including        Overall, the interplay of restrained productivity and
                             in other sectors, such as financial services.                  challenging business conditions may increase credit risk and
                                                                                            amplify the financial vulnerability of both households and
                        Risks may arise from pursuing acquisitions and divestments.         businesses, leading to increased instances of bankruptcies,
                        The Group regularly considers a range of corporate                  business failures and unemployment. These dynamics could
                        opportunities, including acquisitions, divestments, joint           lead to higher rates of credit losses for the Group and
                        ventures, and investments.                                          reduced demand for the Group’s products.
                        The pursuit of corporate opportunities inherently involves
                                                                                            Downturn in global macro-economic conditions may impact
                        transaction risks, including the risk that the Group overvalues
                                                                                            negatively on the Group’s credit performance.
                        an acquisition or investment, or undervalues a divestment,
                        as well as exposure to reputational damage or regulatory            The Group has operations primarily in Australia and NZ, and
                        intervention. The Group may encounter difficulties in               also across Asia, the United Kingdom (UK), Europe and the
                        integrating or separating businesses, including failure to          United States. Levels of borrowing are heavily dependent on
                        realise expected synergies, disruption to operations, diversion     customer confidence, employment trends, market interest
                        of management resources, or higher than expected costs.             rates, and other economic, business and financial market
                        These risks and difficulties may ultimately have an adverse         conditions and forecasts. Pressures on the global economy
                        impact on the Group’s financial performance and position.           impacting on business conditions and potential structural
                        The Group may incur unexpected financial losses following           changes in financial markets therefore pose a heightened
                        an acquisition, joint venture, or investment if the business        level of credit risk for the Group.
                        it invests in does not perform as planned, if customers,            Political fragmentation and protectionist policies in some
                        employees and supplier relationships are not retained as            major economies have disrupted, and may continue to disrupt,
                        expected or if the business causes unanticipated changes to         global trade activity. Tariff regimes and retaliatory measures
                        the Group’s risk profile.                                           have intensified trade tensions, changing trade flows and
                        The Group may also have ongoing exposures to divested               increasing uncertainty. Further imposition of, or changes
                        businesses, including through a residual shareholding, the          to levels of, tariffs or retaliatory trade restrictions remain
                        provision of continued services and infrastructure, or an           uncertain and may impact general economic conditions
                        agreement to retain certain liabilities of the divested             including gross domestic product, business and consumer
                        businesses through covenants, warranties, indemnities and           confidence and consumer discretionary spending, which
                        other ongoing contractual protections to the acquirer.              could ultimately result in adverse outcomes for the Group’s
                        The Group may also continue to have exposure to a                   customers. As export-oriented economies, Australia and NZ
                        counterparty in relation to a prior acquisition, or a divested      are exposed to these disruptions. Customers engaged in
                        business following completion. For example, following the           global trade, commodity markets, and foreign exchange are
                        Company’s acquisition of Citigroup’s Australian consumer            also at risk, increasing the likelihood of credit losses for
                        business in June 2022, the Group continues to rely on               the Group.
                        Citigroup’s technology infrastructure for certain transitional      China is a key trading partner for Australia and NZ,
                        services, while in connection with the Company’s sale of            with both countries’ export income materially exposed to
                        its advice, platforms, superannuation and investments and           developments in China’s economic growth and trade policy
                        asset management businesses to IOOF Holdings in May 2021,           settings. Structural challenges in China’s economy - including
                        now named Insignia Financial, the Company provided Insignia         prolonged weakness in domestic consumption, a multi-year
                        Financial with indemnities relating to certain pre-completion       deleveraging of the property sector, and ongoing trade
                        matters. These ongoing exposures may have an adverse                tensions with major economies such as the European Union
                        impact on the Group’s business and financial performance.           and the United States - continue to present risks to
                                                                                            global trade flows. Given the concentration of Australian
                        Credit risk                                                         and NZ exports in agriculture and commodities, adverse
                        Credit risk is the risk that a customer will fail to meet their     developments in China’s economic conditions may have a
                        obligations to the Group in accordance with agreed terms.           disproportionate impact on these sectors. The Group has
                        Credit risk arises from both the Group’s lending activities and     a significant lending exposure to the agricultural sectors
                        markets and trading activities.                                     in Australia and NZ, and sustained economic headwinds


                        76     National Australia Bank
                        Risk factors (cont.)




                        in China may result in increased financial stress among             •   Disease and introduction of pathogens and pests
                        affected customers, leading to elevated credit risk and higher      •   Export and quarantine restrictions
                        default rates.
                                                                                                                                                                          About
                                                                                            •   Supply chain constraints and increasing supply
                        Elevated geopolitical tensions may adversely affect the                 chain producer responsibility, traceability, and

                                                                                                                                                                       this report
                        Group and further heighten credit risk.                                 transparency requirements

                        Geopolitical instability continues to affect the                    •   Extreme weather events (including substantial rainfall,
                        Group’s customers:                                                      drought, or bushfires)

                        •   Armed conflicts in Russia-Ukraine and the Middle East can       •   Expectations related to the management of nature-related
                            disrupt supply chains, posing risks to commodity prices and         risks such as declining soil health and deforestation,
                                                                                                including both the environmental impacts and potential

                                                                                                                                                                       Our business
                            increasing financial market volatility. These pressures could
                            reduce household and business resilience and increase               exposure from any illegal deforestation.
                            credit risk.                                                    These factors may result in increased losses to the Group

                                                                                                                                                                          in 2025
                        •   Strategic tensions in the Asia-Pacific region, particularly     from customer defaults and ultimately may have an adverse
                            involving the United States, China, and regional alliances,     impact on the Group’s financial performance and position.
                            are escalating. Australia’s participation in security
                                                                                            Market risk
                            arrangements, such as the trilateral security partnership
                            with the UK and the United States (AUKUS), increases the        Market risk is the risk that the Group may suffer losses
                                                                                            as a result of a change in the value of the Group’s




                                                                                                                                                                         Creating value
                            risk of trade restrictions from China, directly impacting its




For personal use only
                            export sectors and the Group’s customer base.                   positions in financial instruments, bank assets and liabilities,
                                                                                            or their hedges and valuation adjustments, due to adverse
                        •   Disruptions to global trade routes and policies raise the
                                                                                            movements in market prices. Adverse price movements
                            risk of ongoing supply chain issues and possibly slower
                                                                                            impacting the Group may occur in credit spreads, interest
                            global economic growth, with direct consequences for the
                                                                                            rates, foreign exchange rates, and commodity prices,
                            Group’s customers’ operations and credit performance.
                                                                                            particularly during periods of heightened market volatility
                        These risks are expected to persist, with potential                 or reduced liquidity. Market conditions remain volatile in
                        implications for the Group’s credit exposure and financial          response to an uncertain economic environment and
                        performance. Broader economic conditions across Australia           elevated geopolitical risk.
                        and NZ may also be impacted, elevating the risk of more                                                                                        Corporate
                                                                                            The occurrence of any event giving rise to material market risk
                                                                                                                                                                      Governance
                        widespread credit losses.
                                                                                            losses may have a negative impact on the Group’s financial
                                                                                            performance and position.
                        A decline in property market valuations may give rise to
                                                                                                                                                                       Statement
                        higher losses on defaulting loans.
                                                                                            The Group is exposed to credit spread risk.
                        Residential housing loans and commercial real estate (CRE)
                                                                                            Credit spread risk is the risk that the Group may suffer
                        loans in Australia and NZ constitute a material component of
                                                                                            losses from adverse movements in credit spreads, including
                        the Group’s total gross loans and acceptances. As a result,

                                                                                                                                                                          Risk
                                                                                            increases in credit spreads resulting from financial markets
                        the Group has elevated credit risk exposure to those markets.
                                                                                            instability. This is a significant risk in the Group’s trading and
                        Residential and commercial property markets in Australia            banking books.

                                                                                                                                                                       management
                        and NZ are subject to cyclical fluctuations influenced by
                                                                                            The Group’s trading book is exposed to credit risk movements
                        interest rate movements, economic conditions, and structural
                                                                                            in the value of securities and derivatives as a result of
                        changes in demand and supply. Variations in property prices,
                                                                                            changes in the perceived credit quality of the underlying
                        particularly in major cities such as Melbourne, Sydney, and
                                                                                            company or issuer. Credit spread risk accumulates in the
                        Auckland, can impact the value of collateral held against
                                                                                            Group’s trading book when it provides risk transfer services
                        loans. The CRE sector continues to experience divergent
                                                                                            to customers seeking to buy or sell fixed income securities

                                                                                                                                                                         Report of
                        trends, with some segments benefiting from demand shifts
                                                                                            (such as corporate bonds and residential mortgage-backed
                        while others undergo structural adjustment.
                                                                                            securities). The Group may also be exposed to credit spread
                        When the value of residential or commercial property used as

                                                                                                                                                                       the Directors
                                                                                            risk when holding an inventory of fixed income securities
                        collateral (including in business lending) reduces below the        in anticipation of customer demand or undertaking market-
                        value of the loan, the Group is exposed to losses in the event      making activity (i.e., quoting buy and sell prices to customers)
                        of any customer default. The most significant impact in the         in fixed income securities. The Group’s trading book is
                        event of default is likely to come from residential mortgage or     also exposed to credit spread risk through credit valuation
                        CRE customers in high loan-to-value-ratio brackets. This may,       adjustments. A widening of credit spreads could negatively




                                                                                                                                                                         Financial report
                        in turn, impact the Group’s financial performance and position      impact the value of the credit valuation adjustments.
                        and returns to investors.
                                                                                            The Group’s banking book houses high-quality liquid assets
                        Challenging conditions in the Australian and NZ agricultural        which form the majority of the Group’s liquidity portfolio
                        sectors, may lead to rising customer defaults.                      required for managing the Group’s liquidity risk. The Group
                                                                                            is subject to credit spread risk through changes in spreads
                        The Group has a large market share among lenders to the
                                                                                            on its holdings of semi-government bonds. During periods
                        Australian and NZ agricultural sectors. These sectors may be
                                                                                            of adverse credit spread movements, these positions can
                        negatively impacted by several factors, including:
                                                                                            give rise to material volatility within the Group’s treasury
                        •   Vulnerability to labour constraints                             portfolio which is captured either in profit and loss or

                                                                                                                                                                        Additional
                        •   Trade restrictions and tariffs                                  reserves. Positions in residential mortgage-backed securities
                                                                                            that arise through the Group’s warehousing, underwriting, and
                        •   Volatility in commodity prices (particularly agricultural

                                                                                                                                                                       information
                                                                                            syndication operations also form part of the banking book and
                            product prices)
                                                                                            are exposed to changes in credit spreads.
                        •   Foreign exchange rate movements
                        •   Changes in consumer preferences and market access


                                                                                                                                         2025 Annual Report      77
                        Risk factors (cont.)




                        The Group is exposed to interest rate risk.                           position for any reason may lead to an increase in the Group’s
                        The Group's financial performance and capital position are            funding costs, constrain the volume of new lending, or cause
                        impacted by changes in interest rates.                                the Group to breach its prudential or regulatory liquidity
                                                                                              obligations. This may adversely impact the Group’s reputation
                        The Group’s trading book is exposed to changes in the value
                                                                                              and financial performance and position.
                        of securities and derivatives as a result of changes in interest
                        rates. The Group’s trading book accumulates interest rate risk        Funding risk is the risk that the Group is unable to raise short-
                        when the Group provides interest rate hedging solutions for           and long-term funding to support its ongoing operations,
                        customers, holds interest rate risk in anticipation of customer       regulatory requirements, strategic plans, and objectives. The
                        requirements, or undertakes market-making activity in fixed           Group accesses domestic and global capital markets to help
                        income securities or interest rate derivatives.                       fund its business, along with using customer deposits. A
                                                                                              significant deterioration in the Group’s ability to access these
                        Balance sheet and off-balance sheet items can create an
                                                                                              markets or of lenders to provide funding may adversely impact
                        interest rate risk exposure within the Group. As interest rates
                                                                                              the Group’s reputation, financial performance and position.
                        and yield curves change over time, the Group may be exposed
                                                                                              The Group relies on offshore wholesale funding to support its
                        to a loss in earnings and economic value due to the interest
                                                                                              funding and liquidity position. Periods of heightened market
                        rate profile of its balance sheet. Such exposure may arise
                                                                                              volatility and geopolitical factors may limit the Group’s access
                        from a mismatch between the maturity profile of the Group’s
                                                                                              to this funding source. Disruption in the global capital markets,
                        lending portfolio compared to its deposit portfolio (and other
                                                                                              reduced investor interest in the Group’s securities for any
                        funding sources), as well as the extent to which lending
                                                                                              reason and/or reduced customer deposits, may adversely
                        and deposit products can be repriced should interest rates




For personal use only
                                                                                              affect the Group’s funding and liquidity position. This may
                        change, thereby impacting the Group’s net interest margin.
                                                                                              increase the cost of obtaining funds, reduce the tenor or
                                                                                              volume of available funds, impose unfavourable terms on the
                        The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk.
                                                                                              Group’s access to funds, constrain the volume of new lending,
                        Foreign exchange risks exist in the Group’s trading and               or adversely affect the Group’s financial position.
                        banking books.
                        Foreign exchange and translation risks arise from the impact          The Group’s capital position may be impacted by prudential
                        of currency movements on the value of the Group’s positions           requirements and the Group may face challenges in
                        in financial instruments, profits and losses, and assets and          managing its capital position.
                        liabilities due to participation in global financial markets and      Capital risk is the risk that the Group does not hold an
                        international operations.                                             adequate level or composition of capital and reserves to
                        The Group’s ownership structure includes investment in                capitalise on strategic opportunities, sustain day-to-day
                        overseas subsidiaries and associates which gives rise to              banking services, or protect against unexpected losses.
                        foreign currency exposures, including through the repatriation        Capital is the cornerstone of the Group’s financial strength.
                        of capital and dividends. The Group’s businesses may                  It supports the Group’s operations by providing a buffer to
                        therefore be affected by a change in currency exchange                absorb unanticipated losses from its activities.
                        rates, and movements in the mark-to-market valuation of               The Group must comply with prudential requirements in
                        derivatives and hedging contracts.                                    relation to capital across the jurisdictions in which it operates.
                        The Group’s financial statements are prepared and presented           Compliance with these requirements, and any further changes
                        in Australian dollars unless otherwise stated, and any adverse        to these requirements may:
                        fluctuations in the Australian dollar against other currencies        •   Limit the Group’s ability to manage capital across the
                        in which the Group invests or transacts, and generates                    entities within the Group.
                        profits (or incurs losses), may adversely impact its financial        •   Limit payment of dividends or distributions on shares and
                        performance and position.                                                 hybrid instruments.
                        The Group is exposed to market risk should it be unable to            •   Require the Group to raise more capital (in an absolute
                        sell down its underwriting risk.                                          sense) or raise more capital of higher quality.
                        As financial intermediaries, members of the Group underwrite          •   Restrict balance sheet growth.
                        or guarantee different types of transactions, risks and               The Group’s capital ratios may be impacted by several factors
                        outcomes, including the placement of listed and unlisted debt,        including earnings, asset growth and quality, movements in
                        equity-linked and equity securities. The underwriting obligation      the Group’s risk weighted assets (RWA), changes in the value
                        or guarantee may be over the pricing and placement of                 of the Australian dollar against other currencies to which the
                        these securities, and the Group may therefore be exposed to           Group has exposures, changes in business strategy or risk
                        potential losses, which may be significant if it fails to sell down   appetite, and changes in regulatory requirements.
                        some or all of this risk to other market participants.
                                                                                              Key regulatory developments in the Australian and NZ
                        Capital, funding and liquidity risk                                   regulatory capital frameworks include:
                                                                                              •   Loss-Absorbing Capacity for Domestic Systemically
                        The Group is exposed to funding and liquidity risk.                       Important Banks by the Australian Prudential Regulation
                        Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is unable to meet               Authority (APRA), which are being phased in. An interim
                        its financial obligations as they fall due. These obligations             increase in total capital requirements of 3% of RWA took
                        include the repayment of deposits on demand or at their                   effect from 1 January 2024, with a further incremental
                        contractual maturity, the repayment of wholesale borrowings               increase of 1.5% of RWA to apply from 1 January 2026. These
                        and loan capital as they mature, the payment of interest                  requirements are expected to be met primarily through Tier
                        on borrowings and the payment of operational expenses                     2 Capital issuance, which carries a higher cost relative to
                        and taxes. The Group must also comply with prudential and                 senior debt.
                        regulatory liquidity obligations across the jurisdictions in which    •   Reform of Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital instruments by APRA,
                        it operates. A significant deterioration in the Group’s liquidity         aimed at simplifying capital structures and enhancing crisis


                        78   National Australia Bank
                        Risk factors (cont.)




                            preparedness. For advanced banks, including the Group,          large sophisticated foreign governments with significant
                            the changes will replace 1.5% AT1 Capital with a combination    resources and capabilities.
                            of 0.25% Common Equity Tier 1 and 1.25% Tier 2 Capital from
                                                                                                                                                                      About
                                                                                            There is a risk that the Group’s efforts to maintain and improve
                            1 January 2027. These changes may affect the Group’s            its technology systems, networks and information security
                            capital mix, credit ratings, and cost of funds.
                                                                                                                                                                   this report
                                                                                            policies, procedures and controls may not be adequate or
                        •   Capital reforms in NZ, where the Reserve Bank of New            adequately prioritised to address these threats. Remediation
                            Zealand is carrying out a review of key capital settings        of weaknesses is sometimes difficult to complete in a timely
                            for deposit takers. The outcome of this review may have         manner due to the complex technology environment including
                            implications for the level and composition of capital Bank      that of the Group’s external service providers and the rapidly
                            of New Zealand (BNZ) and the Group are required to hold.        evolving nature of the threats, which leads to the continuing
                                                                                            emergence of new vulnerabilities. As cyber threats continue
                                                                                                                                                                   Our business
                        If the information or the assumptions upon which the Group’s
                        capital requirements are assessed prove to be inaccurate,           to evolve, the Group may be required to expend significant
                        this may adversely impact the Group’s operations, financial         additional resources to modify or enhance its layers of

                                                                                                                                                                      in 2025
                        performance and financial position.                                 defence or to investigate or remediate any information
                                                                                            security vulnerabilities.
                        A downgrade in the Group’s credit ratings or outlook may            The Group may also not always be able to anticipate a
                        adversely impact the Group’s cost of funds and capital              security threat, or be able to implement effective information
                        market access.                                                      security policies, procedures, and controls to prevent or




                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value
                        Credit ratings are an assessment of a borrower’s                    minimise the resulting damage. A successful cyber-attack




For personal use only
                        creditworthiness and may be used by market participants             could persist for an extended period before being detected
                        in evaluating the Group and its products, services and              and, following detection, it could take considerable time for
                        securities. Credit rating agencies conduct ongoing review           the Group to obtain full and reliable information about the
                        activities, which can result in changes to credit rating settings   cybersecurity incident and the extent, amount and type of
                        and outlooks for the Group, or credit ratings of sovereign          information compromised. During an investigation, the Group
                        jurisdictions where the Group conducts business. Credit             may not necessarily know the full effects of the incident
                        ratings may be affected by operational and other market             or how to remediate it, and actions and decisions that are
                        factors (e.g. ESG-related factors), or changes in any credit        taken or made to mitigate risk may further increase the

                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate
                        rating agency’s rating methodologies.                               costs and other negative consequences of the incident.
                        A downgrade in the credit ratings or outlook of the Group,          Moreover, the Group may be required to disclose information
                        the Group’s securities, or the sovereign rating of one or           about a cybersecurity event before it has been resolved or            Governance
                                                                                            fully investigated.
                                                                                                                                                                   Statement
                        more of the countries in which the Group operates may
                        increase the Group’s cost of funds or limit its access to           The Group may also inadvertently retain information, which
                        capital markets. This may also cause a deterioration of             is not specifically required or permitted by legislation, thus
                        the Group’s liquidity position and trigger additional collateral    increasing the impact of a potential data breach or non-
                        requirements in derivative contracts and other secured              compliance. Additionally, the Group uses select external


                                                                                                                                                                      Risk
                        funding arrangements. A downgrade to the Group’s credit             providers (in Australia and overseas) to process and store
                        ratings relative to its peers may also adversely impact             confidential data and to develop and provide its technology
                        the Group’s competitive position and financial performance          services, including the use of cloud infrastructure. The Group

                                                                                                                                                                   management
                        and position.                                                       is limited in its ability to monitor and control the security
                                                                                            protocols that service providers implement on a day-to-day
                        Technology and information security risk                            basis. Control failures by these providers may expose the
                        Technology and information security risk relates to the             Group and the data it stores to loss of confidentiality, integrity
                        risks arising from the inappropriate use, management, and           or availability.
                        protection of technology and information assets. Collectively,      The Group may also submit confidential information to its key

                                                                                                                                                                     Report of
                        these risks can impact the confidentiality, integrity, and          regulators under a legal obligation or as part of regulatory
                        availability of information and technology systems, and may         reporting that is stored and processed by the regulators. The


                                                                                                                                                                   the Directors
                        result in operational disruption, financial loss, reputational      Group is limited in its ability to monitor and control the security
                        damage, or regulatory penalties.                                    protocols implemented by the regulators.

                        Privacy, information security and data breaches may                 A breach of security within the Group, or at any of these
                        adversely impact the Group’s reputation and operations.             external providers or regulators may result in operational
                                                                                            disruption, theft or loss of information, a breach of
                        The Group collects, processes, stores, and transmits large
                                                                                            privacy laws, regulatory enforcement actions, civil penalties,




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report
                        amounts of personal and confidential information through
                                                                                            customer or employee redress, litigation, financial losses,
                        its people, internal technology systems and networks and
                                                                                            or loss of market share or property. This may be wholly
                        through the technology systems and networks of its
                                                                                            or partially beyond the control of the Group and may
                        external service providers, including a limited number of
                                                                                            adversely impact its financial performance and position.
                        cloud service providers. This interconnected and complex
                                                                                            For example, some large Australian organisations have
                        environment heightens the Group’s vulnerability to information
                                                                                            experienced significant cyber-attacks in recent years leading
                        security risks. Threats to information security are constantly
                                                                                            to intense public reactions and increased political and
                        evolving, including through the use of emerging technologies,
                                                                                            regulatory focus.
                        such as advanced forms of AI, quantum computing and

                                                                                                                                                                    Additional
                        increasingly sophisticated techniques used to perpetrate            Disruption to technology and services may adversely impact
                        fraud, scams and cyber-attacks. In addition, the number,            the Group’s reputation and operations.
                        nature, and resources of adverse actors that could pose a
                                                                                                                                                                   information
                                                                                            Many of the Group’s operations depend on technology
                        cyber threat to the Group are growing, including individual
                                                                                            and external service providers including financial market
                        cybercriminals, criminal or terrorist syndicate networks and
                                                                                            infrastructure such as systemically important payment



                                                                                                                                        2025 Annual Report   79
                        Risk factors (cont.)




                        systems, central counterparties and securities settlement          result in inaccurate or ineffective decisions, predictions or
                        facilities. Therefore, the financial strength, reliability,        analyses, and give rise to potential ethical and social risks
                        resilience, security, and performance of the Group’s and its       associated with its use (e.g., unintended discrimination, bias
                        external service providers’ information technology systems,        and disinformation). In addition, if the Group was found to
                        processes and infrastructure are essential to the effective        have infringed or misappropriated a third-party patent or
                        operation of the Group’s business and consequently to its          other intellectual property right (including where the Group or
                        financial performance and position. The reliability, security      an external service provider has used generative AI outputs
                        and resilience of the Group’s technology and services have         based on data for which the generative model did not
                        been, and may be, impacted by the complex technology               have consent), the Group could, in some circumstances, be
                        environment, and selection of, concentration of, and reliance      prohibited from providing certain products or services to
                        on, suppliers, including cloud service providers, as well as       its customers or from utilising and benefiting from certain
                        by failure to keep technology systems up to date, and              methods, processes, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets,
                        an inability to restore or recover systems and data in             or licences.
                        acceptable timeframes as a consequence of severe but
                        plausible technological disruptions to the Group or its external   The Group is exposed to the risk of human error.
                        service providers.                                                 The Group’s services, processes, controls and decisions
                        The rapid evolution of technology in the financial services        rely on appropriate actions and inputs from its employees,
                        industry and the increased expectations of customers for           agents, and external service providers. The Group is
                        internet and mobile services on demand expose the Group            exposed to operational risk due to human error in the




For personal use only
                        to a range of operational risks. Any disruption to the Group’s     performance of any of these tasks that could lead to
                        technology, critical operations or services, or those of its       adverse impacts to the Group, including direct financial loss,
                        external service providers, may be wholly or partially beyond      loss of customer, employee or commercially sensitive data,
                        the Group’s control and may result in operational disruption,      regulatory penalties, and reputational damage.
                        regulatory enforcement actions, customer redress, litigation,
                                                                                           The Group may not be able to attract, remunerate and
                        financial losses, theft or loss of information or loss of market
                                                                                           retain suitable talent.
                        share or property, or may adversely impact the Group’s speed
                        and agility in the delivery of change and innovation.              The Group is dependent on its ability to attract and retain
                                                                                           key executives, employees and Board members with a deep
                        In addition, any such disruption may adversely affect the trust
                                                                                           understanding of banking and technology, who are capable
                        that internal and external stakeholders have in the Group’s
                                                                                           of executing and governing the Group’s strategy, including
                        ability to protect key information (such as customer and
                                                                                           the technology transformation required to meet the changing
                        employee records) and infrastructure. This may in turn affect
                                                                                           needs of its customers. Equally, the Group is dependent on
                        the Group’s reputation, which may result in loss of customers,
                                                                                           its ability to attract and retain key executives and employees
                        a reduction in share price, ratings downgrades, and regulatory
                                                                                           with a deep understanding of technical skillsets necessary to
                        censure or penalties.
                                                                                           address key operational and related compliance risks facing
                        Operational execution risk                                         the Group.

                        Operational execution risk is the risk of loss or disruption       Potential weaknesses in employment practices, including
                        to the Group’s ability to deliver business services resulting      diversity, anti-discrimination, workplace flexibility, payroll
                        from vulnerabilities or failures in the operational ecosystem of   management and compliance, workplace health and safety
                        processes, external service providers, models and people.          and employee wellbeing, together with a competitive labour
                                                                                           market for critical skills, are sources of operational risk that
                        Complexity of processes, external service providers                can impact the Group’s ability to attract and retain qualified
                        and models gives rise to a significant risk to the                 personnel with the requisite knowledge, skills and capability.
                        Group’s operations.                                                Psychosocial risk (including relating to workplace factors such
                        The Group’s business involves the execution of many                as customer aggression, workload issues or poor change
                        processes and transactions with varying degrees of                 management) is an area of increasing regulatory scrutiny and
                        complexity. The Group is reliant on its policies, processes,       reputational risk and may adversely impact the Group’s ability
                        controls, and infrastructure working as intended, and on           to attract and retain talent.
                        external service providers effectively managing their own risks    The Group’s capacity to attract and retain key talent also
                        and delivering required services to the Group. The complexity      depends on its ability to adequately and appropriately
                        of these processes is heightened by the Group’s operations         respond to changes (internal or external) as well as design
                        across multiple jurisdictions. Failures in design, execution,      and implement effective remuneration and talent structures.
                        oversight, or system availability, including in respect of         This may be constrained by several factors, including
                        new technologies such as AI, can significantly impact the          significant applicable regulatory requirements.
                        Group’s operations, commitments to customers, financial            The market for key executives, employees and Board
                        performance and reputation and result in regulatory censure,       members with the skills required by the Group is highly
                        enforcement or penalties.                                          competitive, both domestically and offshore, particularly as
                        Models are used extensively in the conduct of the Group’s          the Group continues to expand its offshore workforce. The
                        business, for example, in calculating capital requirements         unexpected departure of key personnel or challenges in
                        or customer compensation payments, and in measuring                attracting suitably qualified individuals may adversely affect
                        and stress testing exposures. If the models used prove             the Group’s operational effectiveness, strategic execution,
                        to be inadequate, or are based on incorrect or invalid             and stakeholder confidence. These talent-related risks may
                        assumptions, judgements, or inputs, this may adversely affect      also extend to external service providers, including offshore
                        the Group’s customers and the Group’s financial performance        vendors, who may be facing similar workforce constraints.
                        and position. In particular, the Group’s use of AI and machine
                        learning technologies is subject to risks that algorithms
                        and datasets are flawed or may be insufficient. This could


                        80   National Australia Bank
                        Risk factors (cont.)




                        External events may adversely impact the Group’s                        In April 2022, the Company entered into an Enforceable
                        processes, people and material service providers.                       Undertaking with the Australian Transaction Reports and
                                                                                                Analysis Centre (AUSTRAC) in relation to the Company’s
                                                                                                                                                                            About
                        The Group has branches and office buildings across Australia,
                        NZ, and a range of locations in Asia, Europe, and United                compliance with Australia’s AML/CTF laws. On 25 July 2025,
                        States. It has dependency on material service providers                 the AUSTRAC CEO confirmed that AUSTRAC has cancelled the
                        located globally. These locations may be impacted by climatic,          Company’s Enforceable Undertaking.                                       this report
                        biological, political, geopolitical or geological events such as        The Group continues to investigate and remediate specific
                        flooding, epidemics, earthquakes, terrorism, armed conflict             known AML/CTF compliance issues and is taking measures
                        and government policies. Such events may have a material                that aim to improve its AML/CTF systems, processes and
                        impact on the Group’s operations, for example, through                  controls. As this work progresses, further compliance issues
                        interruption of global supply chains, availability of talent,           may be identified and reported to AUSTRAC or equivalent
                                                                                                                                                                         Our business
                        property damage, business disruption and the security and               foreign regulators, and additional uplifting and strengthening
                        continuity of the Group’s operations. In addition, if the Group is      of the Group’s systems and processes may be required. A

                                                                                                                                                                            in 2025
                        unable to manage the impacts of such external events, it may            negative outcome to any investigation or remediation process
                        compromise the Group’s ability to provide a safe workplace for          may adversely impact the Group’s customers, reputation,
                        its personnel and/or lead to reputational damage.                       business operations, financial position, and results. Refer to
                                                                                                Note 30 Commitments and contingent liabilities in Notes to
                        Financial crime and fraud risk                                          the financial statements on pages 218 to 220 for details in
                        Financial crime risk, including fraud risk, is the risk of deliberate   relation to AML/CTF compliance.




                                                                                                                                                                           Creating value




For personal use only
                        or opportunistic acts intended to deceive, misappropriate
                        assets, or circumvent legal, regulatory, and policy-based               The Group is exposed to increasing risks associated with
                        requirements designed to prevent, detect, and respond to                fraud and scams.
                        criminal misuse of the financial system. This includes internal         Fraud and scams continue to create significant challenges
                        and external threats such as money laundering, terrorist                for the financial services industry and its customers.
                        financing, proliferation financing, bribery and corruption,             These criminal acts are often perpetrated by sophisticated
                        sanctions violations and fraud (including scams) targeting the          criminal networks and include the exploitation of banking
                        Group, its customers, or its systems.                                   products, telecommunications services and digital platforms,
                                                                                                particularly social media.
                        The Group may be exposed to bribery, corruption                                                                                                  Corporate
                                                                                                The Group is exposed to the risks associated with fraud
                        or financial crime through its products, services, or
                        operations, or may be involved in a breach or alleged breach
                                                                                                and scams through its interactions with customers, service              Governance
                                                                                                providers and internally. Fraud and scams may expose the
                        of financial crime laws, regulations, or internal policies.
                                                                                                Group to financial loss, reputational damage, and adverse                Statement
                        The Group may experience significant financial loss and                 regulatory action. In some cases, the Group may be held liable
                        reputational harm as a result of criminal misuse of the                 for losses incurred by customers. These risks may adversely
                        financial system, and may also be subject to increased                  impact the Group’s financial performance and position and
                        regulatory scrutiny, enforcement actions, and penalties where           may also erode customer trust and confidence.

                                                                                                                                                                            Risk
                        controls are non-existent or ineffective.
                                                                                                Legislation has been enacted in Australia establishing a Scams
                        The Group is subject to evolving anti‑money laundering                  Prevention Framework (SPF) capturing designated entities

                                                                                                                                                                         management
                        and counter‑terrorism financing (AML/CTF), anti‑bribery and             comprising the banking, telecommunications and digital
                        corruption (ABC) and financial sanctions requirements across            platform industries. The SPF includes governance obligations,
                        the jurisdictions in which it operates, and supervision,                principles and requirements for internal and external dispute
                        regulation and enforcement have increased in recent years.              resolution with binding determinations of liability.
                        As a bank engaged in global finance and trade, the Group
                        operates under AML/CTF, ABC and financial sanctions laws                Sustainability risk

                                                                                                                                                                           Report of
                        across multiple jurisdictions. Undetected failure of internal           Sustainability risk is the risk that ESG-related events
                        controls, or the ineffective remediation of compliance issues           or conditions arise that could negatively impact the
                        could lead to potentially significant monetary and regulatory

                                                                                                                                                                         the Directors
                                                                                                sustainability, resilience, risk and return profile, value, or
                        penalties, which may adversely impact the Group’s reputation,           reputation of the Group or its customers and suppliers.
                        financial performance, and position. The risks of sanctions
                        violations are increased in the context of additional, wide             Physical and transition risks arising from climate change,
                        ranging economic sanctions and export controls imposed as               other environmental impacts and nature-related risks may
                        a result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict. This includes rising           lead to increasing customer defaults and decrease the




                                                                                                                                                                           Financial report
                        expectations from regulators concerning export control due              value of collateral.
                        diligence by financial institutions and an unprecedented rate
                                                                                                Extreme weather, increasing weather volatility, and longer-
                        of new designations/listings by global regulators, as well as
                                                                                                term changes in climatic conditions, as well as environmental
                        the continued attempts by those subject to sanctions to
                                                                                                impacts such as land contamination and other nature-related
                        evade and circumvent their impact.
                                                                                                risks such as deforestation, biodiversity loss and ecosystem
                        The Australian Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism              degradation, may affect water security and property and
                        Financing Amendment Act 2024 received Royal Assent on                   asset values or cause customer losses due to damage,
                        10 December 2024, with new requirements coming into effect              crop losses, existing land use ceasing to be viable, and/or
                        in phases across 2025 and 2026. The amended law expressly               interruptions to, or impacts on, business operations, supply

                                                                                                                                                                          Additional
                        requires reporting entities to consider proliferation financing         chains or market access. Australia and NZ have experienced
                        risks as well as money laundering and terrorism financing               severe weather events, including drought conditions, heat
                        risks. The changes include regulation of additional sectors,            waves, bushfires, cyclones and floods, in recent years, and
                                                                                                                                                                         information
                        such as lawyers, conveyancers, accountants, and real estate             may continue to be affected by extreme weather events. The
                        professionals, some of whom will be customers of the Group.             rising severity and prevalence of these events pose a future
                                                                                                risk to the credit portfolio.


                                                                                                                                              2025 Annual Report   81
                        Risk factors (cont.)




                        The impact of climate and nature-related risks such as          perceived not to, effectively prepare for or manage the
                        biodiversity loss and ecosystem degradation can take time       potential risks and opportunities associated with ESG issues
                        to be fully realised and can be widespread, extending beyond    or comply with ESG standards, requirements and voluntary
                        households, businesses, and primary producers in highly         commitments. These adverse impacts may arise from issues
                        impacted areas, to supply chains in other cities and towns      including, but not limited to, climate change, biodiversity
                        relying on agricultural and other products from within these    loss and ecosystem degradation, invasive species, pollution,
                        areas. The impact of these losses on the Group may be           deforestation and illegal land clearing, human rights and
                        exacerbated by a decline in the value and liquidity of assets   modern slavery, fair working conditions, unfair and inequitable
                        held as collateral and the extent to which these assets are     treatment of people including discrimination, product
                        insured or insurable and affordable, which may impact the       responsibility, appropriate remuneration, indigenous land
                        Group’s ability to recover its funds when loans default.        rights and cultural heritage – including consideration of issues
                        Climate-related transition risks are increasing as economies,   such as Free, Prior and Informed Consent – animal welfare,
                        governments, and companies seek to transition to low-carbon     bribery and corruption, tax avoidance, greenwashing and
                        and renewable alternatives and adapt to climate change.         greenhushing, and other false or misleading environmental or
                        Together with changes in energy costs, market access            sustainability claims, cross industry collaboration practices,
                        and other forms of transition risk, these risks may result      poor governance, lack of transparency, and supply chain
                        in increased losses from customer defaults or decreased         traceability. ESG-related risks are complex and continue to
                        valuations. Some of the Group’s customers and external          evolve, as does their interaction with other risk factors
                        service providers may be adversely impacted.                    relevant to the Group.




For personal use only
                        Decreasing investor appetite and customer demand                Regulators continue to focus on ESG-related regulatory
                        for carbon intensive products and services, emerging            requirements, including strengthening requirements and
                        requirements of sustainable finance taxonomies, increasing      guidance relating to sustainability-related disclosures and
                        climate-related litigation and changing regulations and         governance practices, modern slavery and greenwashing.
                        government policies designed to mitigate environmental          As the focus and intensity of regulatory priorities develop,
                        impacts such as climate change, may adversely impact            the Group may require material investment in processes,
                        the Group’s customers or products or services that serve        controls, technical expertise, systems and data or may suffer
                        those customers. Furthermore, management of transition risk     adverse impacts, including litigation, fines, penalties, remedial
                        is made more challenging due to the presence of social          costs and reputational damage from a failure to meet the
                        risks such as modern slavery in relevant supply chains (e.g.,   required standards.
                        input materials and equipment required to support the low
                                                                                        Conduct risk
                        carbon transition).
                                                                                        Conduct risk is the risk of failing to act in a customer’s best
                        These risks may increase expected and actual levels of
                                                                                        interests, or in accordance with market integrity standards or
                        customer defaults in the short, medium and long term, thereby
                                                                                        codes of conduct.
                        increasing the credit risk facing the Group and adversely
                        impacting the Group’s financial performance and position,       The Group is reliant on its employees, contractors and
                        profitability and returns to investors.                         external suppliers acting in an appropriate and ethical way.
                        The impacts associated with climate change-related              Organisational culture can greatly influence individual and
                        legislative and regulatory initiatives and customer             group behaviours. Poor culture, including a failure to put
                        requirements and the transition to a low carbon economy,        customer outcomes at the centre of everything, can lead
                        including meeting new regulatory expectations, retrofitting     to customer harm, financial loss and detriment as well as
                        of assets, energy efficient and low carbon investments,         undermine market integrity. The actions that could expose the
                        purchasing carbon credits or paying carbon taxes, may result    Group to conduct risk include:
                        in operational changes and additional expenditures that could
                                                                                        •   Failure to design products and services that are
                        adversely affect the Group and/or its customers.
                                                                                            transparent, accessible, and easy for the Group’s
                        The Group, its customers, or its suppliers may fail to comply       customers, including customers experiencing vulnerability,
                        with legal, regulatory, or voluntary standards or broader           to understand and access.
                        shareholder, community and stakeholder expectations             •   Unmanaged conflicts of interest that could influence
                        concerning ESG risk performance.                                    behaviour that is not in the customer’s best interests.
                        Management of ESG issues is subject to legal, regulatory,       •   Ineffective or non-adherence to applicable learning and
                        voluntary and prudential standards, and community and               competency training requirements.
                        stakeholder expectations that continue to change in             •   Selling, providing, or unduly influencing customers to
                        scope, detail and levels of participation across industries,        purchase or receive products or services that may not
                        markets and geographies. Moreover, differing stakeholder            meet their existing needs or that place the customer at
                        perspectives regarding sustainability, including views about        risk of future hardship.
                        climate, nature, and human rights impacts, have affected
                                                                                        •   Making representations to customers about products or
                        and may continue to affect the Group’s business
                                                                                            services of the Group which are inaccurate, misleading,
                        activities, and increase the scrutiny and complexity of
                                                                                            or deceptive, including representations which may mislead
                        compliance requirements.
                                                                                            customers about the extent to which the Group’s practices
                        ESG due diligence requirements may become mandatory                 are environmentally friendly, sustainable, or ethical.
                        in some jurisdictions in which the Group operates, placing
                                                                                        •   Failure to identify and appropriately manage customer
                        additional demands on the Group’s processes and capability
                                                                                            communications, hardship cases and debt collection.
                        to manage, monitor and address ESG risks.
                                                                                        •   Failure to protect customers from fraud or scams when
                        The Group may suffer adverse impacts, including litigation,
                                                                                            banking through digital channels or failure to respond
                        fines, penalties, remedial costs, inability to attract or
                                                                                            adequately to customers impacted by external fraud
                        retain talent and reputational damage if it does not, or is
                                                                                            or scams.


                        82   National Australia Bank
                        Risk factors (cont.)




                        •   Failure to anticipate and prevent malicious internal or           in the imposition of civil or criminal penalties, or additional
                            external actors from using product or service features            regulatory capital requirements, on the Group.
                            in unintended ways that result in harm to the Group’s
                                                                                                                                                                         About
                                                                                              Potential weaknesses in employment practices, including
                            customers (e.g., financial abuse by perpetrators of               anti-discrimination, workplace health and safety, and payroll
                            domestic violence).
                                                                                                                                                                      this report
                                                                                              compliance are areas of increasing regulatory scrutiny
                        •   Non-adherence to applicable requirements or providing             and reputational risk. For instance, following a review that
                            financial advice which is not appropriate or in a customer’s      identified payroll issues, the Company has initiated a broader
                            best interests.                                                   review into payroll-related benefits under current and certain
                        •   Delays in appropriately escalating and addressing                 historical agreements and as at the date of this Report, this
                            regulatory and compliance issues.                                 review is ongoing. The Group is engaging with the Fair Work
                                                                                              Ombudsman (FWO) and has reported a number of compliance
                                                                                                                                                                      Our business
                        •   Failure to resolve issues and remediate customers
                                                                                              issues to the FWO. Any instances of non-compliance
                            in a timely manner and in accordance with
                                                                                              could result in remediation costs, reputational damage,

                                                                                                                                                                         in 2025
                            community expectations.
                                                                                              enforcement or other legal action (including potential federal
                        •   Failure to deliver on product and service commitments.            criminal penalties for “wage theft” introduced under the Fair
                        •   Failure to remediate ineffective business processes and           Work Legislation Amendment (Closing Loopholes) Act 2023
                            stop the re-occurrence of issues in a timely manner.              (Cth) that came into effect on 1 January 2025). Employment
                        •   Failure to act in accordance with the Group’s Code of             practices may become subject to heightened public scrutiny,
                                                                                              either generally or following a specific adverse event,




                                                                                                                                                                        Creating value
                            Conduct or Financial Markets Conduct Policy.




For personal use only
                                                                                              or because of activism by employees, unions, or special
                        A failure of the Group’s conduct-related controls to                  interest groups.
                        accurately reflect relevant legal, regulatory or community
                        expectations may adversely impact the Group’s reputation,             Entities within the Group have been, and may continue to
                        financial performance and position, profitability, operations         be, involved from time to time in regulatory enforcement
                        and returns to investors and can result in adverse impacts            and other legal proceedings arising from the conduct of
                        such as customer harm, financial loss, suspension of                  their business. There is inherent uncertainty regarding the
                        or amendments to licence conditions, unenforceability of              possible outcome of any legal or regulatory proceedings
                        terms, litigation and increased supervision, oversight, or            involving the Group. It is also possible that further class

                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate
                        enforcement by regulators or other stakeholders.                      actions, regulatory investigations, compliance reviews, civil
                                                                                              or criminal proceedings, or the imposition of new licence
                        Compliance risk                                                       conditions or regulatory capital requirements could arise in           Governance
                                                                                              relation to known matters or other matters of which the Group
                                                                                                                                                                      Statement
                        Compliance risk is the risk of events of failures to comply
                        with relevant laws, regulations, licence conditions, supervisory      is not yet aware. The aggregate potential liability and costs
                        requirements, self-regulatory industry codes of conduct or            associated with legal proceedings cannot be estimated with
                        voluntary initiatives, as well as the internal policies, standards,   any certainty.
                        procedures, or frameworks that support fair and equitable             A negative outcome to regulatory investigations or litigation


                                                                                                                                                                         Risk
                        treatment of customers.                                               involving the Group may impact the Group’s reputation, divert
                                                                                              management time from operations, and affect the Group’s
                        The Group may fail to comply with applicable laws                     financial performance and position, profitability, and returns

                                                                                                                                                                      management
                        and regulations which may expose the Group to                         to investors. Refer to Note 30 Commitments and contingent
                        increased regulatory intervention, significant compliance             liabilities in Notes to the financial statements on pages
                        and remediation costs, and regulatory enforcement action              218 to 220 for details in relation to certain current legal and
                        or litigation, including class actions.                               regulatory proceedings, compliance reviews and associated
                        The Group is highly regulated and subject to various regulatory       remediation, and other contingent liabilities which may impact
                        regimes which differ across the jurisdictions in which it             the Group.

                                                                                                                                                                        Report of
                        operates, trades, and raises funds.
                                                                                              Extensive regulatory change poses a significant risk to
                        Ensuring compliance with all applicable laws is complex. There        the Group.

                                                                                                                                                                      the Directors
                        is a risk the Group will be unable to implement adequate
                        compliance arrangements, including processes and controls             Globally, the financial services and banking industries are
                        required by relevant laws and regulations, in a timely manner,        subject to significant and increasing levels of regulatory
                        or that the Group’s compliance arrangements will prove to             change, reviews and political scrutiny, including in Australia,
                        be inadequate or ineffective in ensuring compliance. There            NZ and other countries where the Group has, or may establish,
                        is also a potential risk of misinterpreting or misapplying new        offshore operations.




                                                                                                                                                                        Financial report
                        or existing laws, regulations or statutory instruments and of         The Group’s response to regulatory changes may result
                        being unable to comply with detailed data requests from               in significant capital and compliance costs, changes to
                        various regulators, including in respect of data collected from       the Group’s corporate structure, and increasing demands
                        customers or in respect of employees, if data is inaccurate           on management, employees and information technology
                        or incomplete.                                                        systems. This may also impact the competitiveness of the
                        There is significant cost associated with the systems,                Group in certain areas of its business or the viability of the
                        processes, controls and personnel required to comply with             Group’s participation in certain markets or require changes
                        applicable laws and regulations. Such costs may negatively            to, or the divestment of, a part of the Group’s business. The
                        impact the Group’s financial performance and position. Any            pace, volume, and complexity of change may also expose the

                                                                                                                                                                       Additional
                        failure to comply with relevant laws and regulations may have         Group to the increased risk of failure to adequately identify
                        a negative impact on the Group’s reputation and financial             or comply with all applicable regulatory changes. New laws

                                                                                                                                                                      information
                        performance and position and may give rise to class actions,          and regulations or changes to existing laws and regulations
                        litigation, or regulatory enforcement, which may in turn result       or their interpretation and application can be unpredictable,
                                                                                              are beyond the Group’s control, and may not be harmonised
                                                                                              across the jurisdictions in which the Group operates.


                                                                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   83
                        Risk factors (cont.)




                        Operationalising large volumes of regulatory change presents        The Group may fail to comply with its reporting
                        ongoing risks for the Group. Examples of key specific reviews       requirements where errors or omissions are identified in
                        and regulatory reforms currently relevant to the Group, and         regulatory submissions
                        which present a potential material regulatory risk include          The Group is subject to extensive and evolving regulatory
                        those set out below:                                                reporting obligations. These obligations require accurate
                        •    Legislative reform to the AML/CTF regime and the               and timely submission of complex reports, often sourced
                             introduction of the SPF (as outlined under Financial Crime     from multiple systems and subject to interpretation under
                             and Fraud risk above) represent significant regulatory         various regulatory frameworks. The Group relies on its policies,
                             developments. Detailed guidance and sector-specific            processes and controls to ensure reporting outcomes are
                             codes, particularly under the SPF, are still being issued by   complete, accurate, and compliant with applicable standards.
                             regulators. These materials are essential to ensure the        Failure in submitting accurate and timely reports can lead
                             Group fully understands and implements its compliance          to regulatory financial penalties, enforcement actions, or
                             obligations. Achieving compliance is expected to require       loss of customers’, investors’, and other stakeholders’
                             substantial investment and may expose the Group to             trust. In addition, remediation efforts may require significant
                             liability in relation to customer losses.                      investment in systems and controls, and may divert resources
                        •    Mandatory climate-related reporting requirements came          from strategic initiatives.
                             into effect in Australia on 1 January 2025 under the           Preparation of the Group’s financial statements involves
                             Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and the Australian Accounting      judgement in applying critical estimates and assumptions in
                             Standards Board (AASB) Standards. In New Zealand,              respect of relevant accounting policies (refer to Note 1 Basis




For personal use only
                             similar obligations are imposed under the Financial            of preparation in Notes to the financial statements on pages
                             Markets Conduct Act 2013. Increasing divergence in             152 to 153). If these judgements and assumptions are found
                             sustainability and climate-related disclosure requirements     to be incorrect, the Group may incur losses beyond those
                             and expectations across jurisdictions may lead to              anticipated or provided for, which could adversely impact its
                             complexity and give rise to risks associated with meeting      financial performance, position, and reputation.
                             compliance requirements and stakeholder expectations.
                             The management of ESG risk is expected to be a significant
                             area of focus for the European Banking Authority (EBA)
                             in Europe; the EBA published final guidelines on ESG risk
                             management, effective on 11 January 2026. The guidelines
                             set requirements for the internal processes and ESG risk
                             management arrangements that institutions should have in
                             place. The emerging nature of these requirements, and the
                             lack of robust and mature data, particularly in areas like
                             nature and modern slavery-related disclosures, may also
                             contribute to disclosure risks.
                        •    Several initiatives designed to increase competition in NZ
                             financial services have been undertaken or are currently
                             underway. These include the NZ Commerce Commission's
                             final report into competition for personal banking, the
                             NZ Government's Finance and Expenditure Committee’s
                             final report on their inquiry into banking competition
                             and the continuing implementation of the Customer and
                             Product Data Act 2025 in the NZ banking sector. In
                             addition to heightened competition risks, these initiatives
                             are also likely to increase compliance costs for banks,
                             including BNZ.
                        The full scope, timeline and impact of current and potential
                        inquiries, reviews and regulatory reforms including those
                        mentioned above, and how they will be implemented (if at all in
                        some cases), is not known. Depending on the specific nature
                        of the regulatory change requirements and how and when
                        they are implemented or enforced, they may have an adverse
                        impact on the Group’s business, operations, structure,
                        compliance costs or capital requirements, and ultimately
                        its competitiveness, reputation, financial performance, or
                        financial position.

                        Reporting risk
                        Reporting risk is the risk of failure to accurately and
                        completely represent mandatory financial and non-financial
                        disclosures in a timely manner as required by regulators,
                        government agencies, and other stakeholders.




                        84     National Australia Bank
                                                                                                       About

                                                                                                    this report




                                                                                                    Our business

                                                                                                       in 2025


                        Report of the
                        Directors                                                                     Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                                    Corporate
                                                                                                   Governance
                                                                                                    Statement




                                                                                                       Risk
                        The directors of National Australia Bank Limited
                        (NAB or the Company) present their report, together with the financial      management
                        report of the Group, being NAB and its controlled entities, for the year
                        ended 30 September 2025. The following information forms part of the
                        Report of the Directors:
                        • Our business (page 10)                                                      Report of


                                                                                                    the Directors
                        • Operating environment (page 12)
                        • Information on directors, company secretaries, and board meetings
                          (pages 51 to 55 and 60)
                        • Risk factors (pages 75 to 84)



                                                                                                      Financial report
                        • Climate change and environment (pages 37 to 39)




                                                                                                     Additional

                                                                                                    information
                        Operating and financial review
                        Principal activities                                                                        •   On 12 March 2025, the Group completed its $3 billion
                                                                                                                        on-market ordinary share buy-back, resulting in the buy-
                        The Group provides banking and financial services to
                                                                                                                        back and cancellation of 87.8 million ordinary shares.
                        individual, business, and institutional customers. These
                                                                                                                        $0.6 billion of those shares were bought back in the 2025
                        services include credit and access card facilities, leasing,
                                                                                                                        financial year.
                        mortgages, and general finance solutions, as well as
                        international, investment and private banking. In addition,                                 •   On 25 July 2025, the AUSTRAC CEO confirmed that AUSTRAC
                        the Group offers wealth management services, funds                                              had cancelled NAB’s Enforceable Undertaking entered into
                        management, custodian, trustee, and nominee services.                                           on 29 April 2022. NAB is continuing its work in response
                                                                                                                        to the final report issued by the independent auditor,
                        For further details on Our business refer to page 10.
                                                                                                                        including implementing its recommendations.
                        Significant change in the state of affairs                                                  There were no other significant changes in the state of affairs
                        •    Changes to the composition of the Executive Leadership                                 of the Group that occurred during the financial year under
                             Team have occurred or were announced during 2025 and up                                review that are not otherwise disclosed in this Report.
                             until the date of this Report, namely:
                             – Nathan Goonan resigned as Group Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                                                    Environmental, Social and
                                (Group CFO), effective 18 March 2025.                                               Governance disclosure
                             – Rachel Slade ceased to be a Group Executive, Business                                Environmental regulation and climate-related disclosures
                               and Private Banking, effective 18 March 2025.
                                                                                                                    The Group’s operations are not subject to any site-specific




For personal use only
                             – Andrew Auerbach was appointed Group Executive,                                       environmental licences or permits considered significant
                               Business and Private Banking, effective 16 June 2025.                                under Australian laws. As a lender, the Group may incur
                             – Pete Steel will join NAB as Group Executive, Digital, Data                           environmental liabilities in circumstances where it takes
                               and Artificial Intelligence, effective 19 November 2025.                             possession of a borrower’s assets, and those assets have
                             – Shane Conway has been appointed as Group Executive,                                  associated environmental risks. The Group has developed and
                               Transformation, effective 1 December 2025.                                           implemented credit policies that aim to ensure that these
                                                                                                                    risks are minimised and managed appropriately.
                             – Sharon Cook, Group Executive, Customer & Corporate
                               Services (CCS) and Group General Counsel, will retire                                The Group is subject to and complies with the National
                               effective 31 December 2025. Les Matheson, Group Chief                                Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007 (Cth) (NGER Act),
                               Operating Officer will be accountable for CCS from                                   which requires reporting of energy use and greenhouse gas
                               1 December 2025.                                                                     (GHG) emissions for the period 1 July to 30 June (NAB's
                                                                                                                    environmental reporting year). For the 2025 environmental
                             – Inder Singh will join NAB as Group Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                                                    reporting year, the Group’s reported Australian vehicle fleet
                               (Group CFO) and Group Executive, Strategy, and will
                                                                                                                    and building-related net energy use was 273,077 GJ (2024:
                               commence in March 2026.
                                                                                                                    297,880 GJ), representing approximately 78.9% of the Group’s
                              The following transition arrangements to the Executive                                measured total net energy use. Associated Scope 1 and Scope
                              Leadership Team were effective 18 March 2025:                                         2 GHG emissions were 45,483 tCO2-e (2024: 51,494 tCO2-e).
                              – Michael Saadie, Executive, Private Wealth and CEO of
                                                                                                                    The Group’s UK operations comply with the Energy Savings
                                 JBWere, was acting as Group Executive, Business and
                                                                                                                    Opportunity Scheme (ESOS), which mandates assessments of
                                 Private Banking from 18 March 2025 until 16 June 2025.
                                                                                                                    building and transport energy use every four years. The most
                              – Shaun Dooley, Group Chief Risk Officer (Group CRO), is                              recent assessment was completed in June 2024. In addition,
                                acting as Group CFO until Inder Singh commences as                                  the Group submitted an ESOS action plan for its London Branch
                                Group CFO in March 2026.                                                            in December 2024 and will report to the UK Environment Agency
                              – Peter Whitelaw, Executive, Chief Resilience Risk Officer,                           annually on progress through to December 2027. The Group
                                is acting as Group CRO.                                                             also voluntarily reports under the UK’s Streamlined Energy and
                              No other changes to the composition of the Executive                                  Carbon Reporting (SECR) requirements. Further details of 2025
                              Leadership Team occurred during 2025 and up until the date                            UK-based energy efficiency savings and data included to meet
                              of this Report.                                                                       SECR requirements are provided in the 2025 Climate Report.

                        •     Changes to the composition of the Board have occurred or                              Other information on the Group’s environmental performance,
                              were announced during 2025 and up until the date of this                              climate governance, strategy, risk management and metrics is
                              Report, namely:                                                                       available in the Climate change and environment section of
                              – Warwick Hunt was appointed as an independent non-                                   this Report and in the 2025 Climate Report. The 2025 Climate
                                executive director, effective 2 December 2024.                                      Report is available as part of the Group’s annual reporting
                                                                                                                    suite at nab.com.au/annualreports.
                              – Anne Loveridge retired as an independent non-
                                executive director, effective 18 December 2024.                                     Modern slavery
                              – Doug McKay retired as an independent non-executive                                  The Group is subject to modern slavery legislation in Australia
                                director, effective 18 December 2024.                                               and the United Kingdom. The Group has prepared a Modern
                              No other changes to the composition of the Board                                      Slavery Act statement which sets out actions taken by the
                              occurred during 2025 and up until the date of this Report.                            Group during 2025 to address the risks of modern slavery and
                        •     On 31 October 2025, the Group completed the disposal of                               human trafficking in its business operations and supply chain.
                              its remaining 20 per cent stake in MLC Life(1) to Nippon Life                         This statement will be made available online from December
                              Insurance Company (Nippon Life) for total cash proceeds                               2025 at nab.com.au/modernslaverystatement in accordance
                              of $ 497 million. Refer to Note 31 Interest in subsidiaries                           with both the UK Modern Slavery Act and the Modern Slavery
                              and other entities and Note 37 Events subsequent to the                               Act 2018 (Cth).
                              reporting date.

                            (1) A reference to "MLC Life" in this Report means Nippon Life Insurance Australia and New Zealand Limited (formerly MLC Limited).


                        86      National Australia Bank
                        Operating and financial review (cont.)




                        Litigation and disputes                                           earnings items are considered separately and excluded when
                                                                                          assessing performance and analysing the underlying trends in
                        From time to time entities within the Group may be involved
                                                                                          the business. These include items such as hedging and fair
                                                                                                                                                                   About
                        in disputes or legal proceedings arising from the conduct
                                                                                          value volatility, the amortisation of acquired intangible assets,
                        of their business. The outcomes and total costs associated
                                                                                          and gains or losses and certain other items associated
                                                                                                                                                                this report
                        with such ongoing disputes and proceedings are typically
                                                                                          with the acquisition, integration, disposal and closure of
                        uncertain. Any material legal proceedings may adversely
                                                                                          Group businesses.
                        impact the Group's reputation and financial performance
                        and position.                                                     Cash earnings does not purport to represent the cash flows,
                                                                                          funding or liquidity position of the Group, nor any amount
                        Refer to Note 30 Commitments and contingent liabilities of the
                                                                                          represented on a statement of cash flows. It is not a statutory
                        Notes to the financial statements for details of the Group's
                                                                                          financial measure and is not presented in accordance
                                                                                                                                                                Our business
                        material legal proceedings and contingent liabilities.
                                                                                          with Australian Accounting Standards and is not audited or
                        Financial performance summary                                     reviewed in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.

                                                                                                                                                                   in 2025
                        The following financial discussion and analysis is based on       Cash earnings for the year ended 30 September 2025 exclude
                        statutory information unless otherwise stated. The statutory      the following:
                        information is presented in accordance with the Corporations      •   hedging and fair value volatility,
                        Act 2001 (Cth) and Australian Accounting Standards and is         •   amortisation of acquired intangible assets, and
                        audited by the Group's auditors in accordance with Australian
                                                                                          •   acquisitions, integration, disposals and business closures.




                                                                                                                                                                  Creating value
                        Auditing Standards.




For personal use only
                                                                                          Information about net interest margin
                        Non-IFRS key financial performance measures used by
                        the Group                                                         Net interest margin is a non-IFRS key financial performance
                                                                                          measure that is calculated as net interest income (derived on
                        Certain financial measures detailed in the Report of
                                                                                          a cash earnings basis) expressed as a percentage of average
                        the Directors are not accounting measures within the
                                                                                          interest earning assets.
                        scope of International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
                        Management use these financial metrics to evaluate the            Information about average balances
                        Group’s overall financial performance and position and believe
                                                                                                                                                                Corporate
                        the presentation of these financial measures provide useful       Average balances, including total average equity (attributable
                        information to analysts and investors regarding the results       to owners of the Company), total average assets and average
                        of the Group's operations. These financial performance            interest earning assets are based on daily statutory average         Governance
                                                                                          balances (the exception is average risk-weighted assets
                                                                                                                                                                Statement
                        measures include:
                                                                                          (RWA) which is calculated with reference to the RWA at the
                        •   cash earnings                                                 reporting date and the two preceding quarter-ends).
                        •   statutory return on equity                                    This methodology produces numbers that more accurately
                        •   cash return on equity                                         reflect seasonality, timing of accruals and restructures


                                                                                                                                                                   Risk
                        •   net interest margin                                           (including discontinued operations), which would otherwise
                                                                                          not be reflected in a simple average.
                        •   total average equity (attributable to owners of
                            the Company)

                                                                                                                                                                management
                                                                                          Rounding of amounts
                        •   average interest earning assets                               In accordance with ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial /
                        •   total average assets.                                         Directors' Reports) Instrument 2016/191, all amounts have
                        The Group regularly reviews the non-IFRS measures included        been rounded to the nearest million dollars, except where
                        in the Report of the Directors to ensure that only relevant       indicated. Any discrepancies between total and sums of
                        financial measures are incorporated. Certain other financial      components in tables contained in this Report are due

                                                                                                                                                                  Report of
                        performance measures detailed in the Report of the Directors      to rounding.
                        are derived from IFRS measures and are similarly used by


                                                                                                                                                                the Directors
                        analysts and investors to assess the Group’s performance.
                        These measures are defined in the Glossary.
                        Any non-IFRS measures included in this Report are not a
                        substitute for IFRS measures and readers should consider the
                        IFRS measures as well. The non-IFRS measures referred to




                                                                                                                                                                  Financial report
                        above have not been presented in accordance with Australian
                        Accounting Standards, nor audited or reviewed in accordance
                        with Australian Auditing Standards unless they are included in
                        the financial statements.
                        Further details in relation to these financial measures are set
                        out below and in the Glossary.

                        Information about cash earnings
                        Cash earnings is a non-IFRS key financial performance
                        measure used by the Group and the investment community.
                        The Group also uses cash earnings for its internal                                                                                       Additional

                                                                                                                                                                information
                        management reporting as it better reflects what is considered
                        to be the underlying performance of the Group. Cash earnings
                        is calculated by adjusting statutory net profit from continuing
                        operations for certain non-cash earnings items. Non-cash


                                                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report   87
                        Operating and financial review (cont.)




                        5 Year Financial Performance Summary
                                                                                                                                                       Group
                                                                                                                             2025            2024           2023            2022            2021
                                                                                                                               $m              $m             $m              $m              $m
                         Net interest income                                                                               17,403          16,757          16,807         14,840          13,793
                         Other operating income(1)                                                                          3,469           3,875           3,841           3,730          2,936
                         Operating expenses(1)                                                                            (10,348)        (10,012)         (9,382)         (8,702)         (7,863)
                         Credit impairment (charge) / write-back                                                             (833)            (741)          (816)           (124)           202
                         Profit before income tax                                                                           9,691           9,879          10,450           9,744          9,068
                         Income tax expense                                                                                (2,864)          (2,798)        (2,980)         (2,684)         (2,597)
                         Net profit for the year from continuing operations                                                 6,827           7,081           7,470           7,060          6,471
                         Net loss after tax for the year from discontinued operations                                          (29)           (103)            (51)          (169)           (104)
                         Net profit for the year                                                                            6,798           6,978           7,419           6,891          6,367
                         Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                       39              18               5               -              3
                         Net profit attributable to owners of the Company                                                   6,759           6,960           7,414           6,891          6,364




For personal use only
                         (1) During the 2025 financial year, the Group updated the presentation of expenses which are directly attributable and incremental to earning income from the provision of
                             banking services. Financial year 2024 comparative information has been restated. Refer to Note 1 Basis of preparation for further information.




                        5 Year Key Performance Indicators
                                                                                                                                                       Group
                                                                                                                             2025            2024           2023            2022            2021
                         Key indicators
                         Statutory earnings per share - basic (cents)                                                       221.0            224.6          236.4           214.1          193.0
                         Statutory earnings per share - diluted (cents)                                                     219.9            222.7          228.7           205.6          185.2
                         Statutory return on equity                                                                         10.8%           11.4%           12.3%           11.3%          10.4%
                         Cash return on equity(1)                                                                           11.4%           11.6%           12.9%           11.7%          10.7%
                         Profitability, performance and efficiency measures
                         Dividend per share (cents)                                                                           170             169             167             151            127
                         Net interest margin                                                                                1.74%           1.71%           1.74%           1.65%          1.71%
                         Level 2 Group capital
                         Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio                                                         11.70%          12.35%          12.22%         11.51%          13.00%
                         Tier 1 capital ratio                                                                              13.74%          14.67%          14.19%         13.14%          14.64%
                         Total capital ratio                                                                               20.32%          20.92%          19.88%         18.17%          18.91%
                         Risk-weighted assets ($bn)                                                                         440.6            413.9          435.0           449.9          417.2
                         Volumes ($bn)
                         Gross loans and acceptances (GLAs)(2)                                                              781.5            738.2          708.5           687.7          629.1
                         Average interest earning assets                                                                  1,001.2            978.7          966.7           900.3          805.0
                         Total average assets                                                                             1,103.4          1,074.7        1,065.1           991.5          889.6
                         Total customer deposits                                                                            658.4            612.8          587.4           566.7          500.3
                         Total average equity (attributable to owners of the Company)(3)                                      62.4            61.0            60.1           60.8            61.2
                         Asset quality
                         Impaired assets to GLAs                                                                            0.29%           0.20%           0.14%           0.14%          0.20%
                         Default but not impaired assets to GLAs(4)                                                         1.26%           1.19%           0.99%           0.81%          0.95%
                         Full-time equivalent employees (FTE)(5)
                         FTE (spot)                                                                                        41,880          39,240          38,516         35,558          33,275
                         FTE (average)                                                                                     40,301          38,864          37,290         34,022          34,217
                         (1) Full detail on how cash earnings is defined, a discussion of non-cash earnings items and a full reconciliation of statutory net profit attributable to owners of the
                             Company is set out in Note 2 Segment information of the Financial report on page 155.
                         (2) Including loans and advances at fair value.
                         (3) Average equity on a cash and statutory basis are equal.
                         (4) Includes loans that have been classified as restructured in accordance with APS 220 Credit Risk Management which are assessed as no loss based on security held.
                         (5) Excluding discontinued operations, FTE (spot) is 41,723 (2024: 38,996) and FTE (average) is 40,112 (2024: 38,525).




                        88   National Australia Bank
                        Operating and financial review (cont.)




                        Financial performance


                                                                                                                                                                                                           About
                                                                                                                                                                        Group
                                                                                                                                                                    2025                  2024

                                                                                                                                                                                                        this report
                                                                                                                                                                      $m                    $m
                         Net interest income                                                                                                                      17,403                 16,757
                         Other operating income(1)                                                                                                                 3,469                  3,875
                         Net operating income                                                                                                                     20,872                 20,632
                         Operating expenses(1)                                                                                                                  (10,348)                (10,012)


                                                                                                                                                                                                        Our business
                         Credit impairment charge                                                                                                                   (833)                  (741)
                         Profit before income tax                                                                                                                  9,691                  9,879


                                                                                                                                                                                                           in 2025
                         Income tax expense                                                                                                                       (2,864)                (2,798)
                         Net profit for the year from continuing operations                                                                                        6,827                  7,081
                         Net loss after tax for the year from discontinued operations                                                                                 (29)                 (103)
                         Net profit for the year                                                                                                                   6,798                  6,978
                         Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                              39                    18




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Creating value




For personal use only
                         Net profit attributable to owners of the Company                                                                                          6,759                  6,960
                         (1) During the 2025 financial year, the Group updated the presentation of expenses which are directly attributable and incremental to earning income from the provision of
                             banking services. Financial year 2024 comparative information has been restated. Refer to Note 1 Basis of preparation for further information.


                        September 2025 v September 2024                                                        was partially offset by a lower level of collective credit
                        Net profit attributable to owners of the Company (statutory                            impairment charges.
                        net profit) decreased by $201 million or 2.9%.                                         Income tax expense increased by $66 million or 2.4% driven by a
                        Net interest income increased by $646 million or 3.9%. This                            higher effective tax rate.

                                                                                                                                                                                                        Corporate
                        includes a reduction of $74 million due to movements in                                Discontinued operations are excluded from the individual
                        economic hedges, offset in other operating income. Excluding                           account lines of the Group's results and are reported as a net
                        this movement, the underlying increase of $720 million or 4.3%                         loss after tax in a single line item. The results of discontinued                       Governance
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Statement
                        was driven by higher average interest earning assets and net                           operations primarily relate to costs associated with managing
                        interest margin. The higher net interest margin was primarily                          the run-off of the MLC Wealth retained entities and MLC Wealth
                        due to higher earnings on deposit and capital replicating                              customer-related remediation.
                        portfolios, higher Markets and Treasury income and lower
                        mix of liquid assets. These increases were partially offset by                         Review of group and divisional results
                        deposit impacts, higher wholesale funding costs and lower

                                                                                                                                                                                                           Risk
                        lending margins.                                                                       September 2025 v September 2024
                        Other operating income decreased by $406 million or 10.5%.                             Group

                                                                                                                                                                                                        management
                        This includes an increase of $74 million due to movements
                                                                                                               Net profit decreased by $201 million or 2.9%.
                        in economic hedges, offset in net interest income. Excluding
                        this movement, the underlying decrease of $480 million or
                                                                                                               Business and Private Banking(1)(2)
                        12.8% was primarily due to the gain on sale of the New
                        Zealand wealth businesses in the prior period, an increase in                          Net profit increased by $54 million or 1.7%, driven by
                        customer-related remediation, and the fee reduction impact                             higher net operating income, partially offset by higher

                                                                                                                                                                                                          Report of
                        from the winding down and disposal of the Group businesses.                            operating expenses.
                        These were partially offset by higher earnings relating to the
                                                                                                               Personal Banking(1)(2)

                                                                                                                                                                                                        the Directors
                        investment in MLC Life and FirstCape NZ.
                                                                                                               Net profit increased by $104 million or 9.2%, driven by higher
                        Operating expenses increased by $336 million or 3.4%. This
                                                                                                               net operating income and lower credit impairment charges,
                        was primarily driven by payroll review and remediation
                                                                                                               partially offset by moderately higher operating expenses.
                        costs and higher personnel expenses due to an increase
                        in average FTE and salary and related costs, together                                  Corporate and Institutional Banking(2)
                        with continued investment in technology and compliance




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Financial report
                                                                                                               Net profit increased by $95 million or 5.4%, driven by higher
                        capabilities including fraud and cyber security. This was
                                                                                                               net operating income and lower operating expenses, partially
                        partially offset by productivity benefits achieved through
                                                                                                               offset by higher credit impairment charges.
                        continued process improvements and simplification of the
                        Group’s operations, and decreased spend associated with                                New Zealand Banking
                        the acquisition, integration and closure of Group businesses,
                                                                                                               Net profit decreased by $41 million or 3.0%, driven by lower net
                        combined with lower costs related to the enforceable
                                                                                                               operating income and higher distributions to non-controlling
                        undertaking (EU) with AUSTRAC.
                                                                                                               interests, partially offset by lower credit impairment charges
                        Credit impairment charge increased by $92 million driven                               and lower operating expenses.
                        by a higher level of individually assessed credit impairment
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Additional
                        charges primarily in Corporate and Institutional Banking. This


                         (1) During the 2025 financial year, some customer lending and deposit portfolios, including the associated net operating income and income tax, were transferred
                                                                                                                                                                                                        information
                             between Personal Banking and Business and Private Banking. Comparative information has been restated.
                         (2) During the 2025 financial year, the Group updated the presentation of expenses which are directly attributable and incremental to earning income from the provision of
                             banking services. Comparative information has been restated accordingly.


                                                                                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report         89
                        Operating and financial review (cont.)




                        Corporate Functions and Other(1)                                                          •   Debt instruments increased by $4,948 million or 11.8%
                        Net loss increased by $413 million or 72.7%, driven by the gain on                            primarily due to an increase in government and semi-
                        sale of the New Zealand wealth businesses in the prior period,                                government bonds, partially offset by a reduction in
                        and higher operating expenses. This was partially offset by                                   corporate and other bonds.
                        higher NAB risk management income in Treasury.                                            •   Loans and advances increased by $43,434 million or 5.9%
                                                                                                                      due to growth in both non-housing and housing lending.
                        Group balance sheet review                                                                •   All other assets decreased by $1,498 million or 7.5%
                                                                                                                      primarily due to a decrease in outstanding settlements for
                                                                                        Group                         securities sold and accrued interest and other receivables.
                                                                                    2025             2024         •   Assets held for sale increased by $243 million due to the
                                                                                      $m               $m             reclassification of the investment in MLC Life upon entering
                            Assets                                                                                    into a sale agreement.
                            Cash and liquid assets                                 2,604            2,499
                                                                                                                  Liabilities
                            Due from other banks                                  91,946          110,438
                                                                                                                  Total liabilities increased by $27,380 million or 2.7%. The key
                            Collateral placed                                      5,763            9,633         movements are as follows:
                            Trading assets                                      144,571           133,606
                                                                                                                  •   Collateral received decreased by $332 million or 6.4% due to
                            Derivative assets                                     21,826           28,766             a decrease in derivative assets.




For personal use only
                            Debt instruments                                      46,947           41,999         •   Deposits and other borrowings increased by $23,593 million
                            Other financial assets                                   688              769             or 3.3% due to growth in customer deposits, partially
                            Loans and advances                                  776,126           732,692             offset by a decrease in certificates of deposit and
                                                                                                                      other borrowings.
                            All other assets                                      18,348           19,846
                            Assets held for sale                                     243                 -        •   Derivative liabilities decreased by $12,373 million or 38.0%
                                                                                                                      primarily driven by lower trading volumes of foreign
                            Total assets                                      1,109,062         1,080,248
                                                                                                                      exchange-related contracts, foreign exchange rate and
                            Liabilities                                                                               interest rate movements and contract maturities during
                            Due to other banks                                    12,369           12,328             the period.
                            Collateral received                                    4,819            5,151         •   Bonds, notes and subordinated debt increased by
                            Other financial liabilities                           70,464           70,272             $18,013 million or 11.5% driven by net new issuances of
                            Deposits and other borrowings                       736,159           712,566
                                                                                                                      medium-term debt and covered bonds.

                            Derivative liabilities                                20,203           32,576         •   Debt issued decreased by $588 million or 6.2% primarily due
                                                                                                                      to the redemption of convertible notes.
                            Bonds, notes and subordinated debt                  174,307           156,294
                                                                                                                  •   All other liabilities decreased by $1,166 million or 6.0%
                            Debt issued                                            8,972            9,560
                                                                                                                      primarily due to a decrease in accrued interest payable and
                            All other liabilities                                 18,122           19,288             payables for securities purchased.
                            Total liabilities                                 1,045,415         1,018,035
                            Total equity                                          63,647           62,213         Equity
                            Total liabilities and equity                      1,109,062         1,080,248         Total equity increased by $1,434 million or 2.3%. The key
                                                                                                                  movements are as follows:
                        September 2025 v September 2024                                                           •   Contributed equity decreased by $458 million or 1.3%
                                                                                                                      predominantly due to share buy-backs during the period.
                        Assets
                                                                                                                  •   Reserves increased by $341 million primarily due to
                        Total assets increased by $28,814 million or 2.7%. The key                                    movements in the cash flow hedge reserve and debt
                        movements are as follows:                                                                     instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
                        •    Cash and liquid assets increased by $105 million or 4.2%                                 income reserve, partially offset by movements in the
                             primarily due to an increase in operating cash balances.                                 foreign currency translation reserve.
                        •    Due from other banks decreased by $18,492 million or 16.7%                           •   Retained profits increased by $1,584 million or 6.3%
                             due to a decrease in deposits with central banks.                                        reflecting current period statutory profits, partially offset
                                                                                                                      by dividends paid.
                        •    Collateral placed decreased by $3,870 million or 40.2% as a
                             result of a decrease in derivative liabilities.
                        •    Trading assets increased by $10,965 million or 8.2%
                             primarily driven by an increase in reverse repurchase
                             agreements at fair value through profit or loss and an
                             increase in government and semi-government bonds,
                             notes and securities.
                        •    Derivative assets decreased by $6,940 million or 24.1%
                             primarily driven by lower trading volumes of foreign
                             exchange-related contracts, foreign exchange rate and
                             interest rate movements and contract maturities during
                             the period.



                            (1) During the 2025 financial year, the Group updated the presentation of expenses which are directly attributable and incremental to earning income from the provision of
                                banking services. Comparative information has been restated accordingly.


                        90      National Australia Bank
                        Operating and financial review (cont.)




                        Strategic highlights(1)                                                                sector clients, combined with simplification, technology
                                                                                                               enabled solutions to make doing business easier and
                        Execution of the Group's evolved strategy, announced in
                                                                                                               leveraging transactional banking capability. Execution of this
                                                                                                                                                                                                         About
                        November 2024, has delivered pleasing results in 2025. This
                                                                                                               strategy has driven further strong outcomes in 2025 including
                        strategy is focused on achieving much stronger customer
                                                                                                               transactional banking mandate wins, deposit growth of 10.5%
                                                                                                                                                                                                      this report
                        advocacy, greater speed and simplicity, and ongoing
                                                                                                               and lending growth of 11.8%.
                        technology modernisation, and supports the Group's three
                        key priorities of growing business banking, driving deposit                            New Zealand Banking (NZB) has continued to progress well
                        growth and strengthening proprietary home lending. Executing                           against its strategic priorities of becoming a simpler, more
                        on these priorities with discipline is expected to position                            digitally-enabled bank, focused on growth in personal and
                        the Group well to deliver attractive, sustainable shareholder                          business sectors. Execution of this strategy in 2025 has
                                                                                                               delivered strong customer growth, improved customer NPS(7)
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Our business
                        returns over time.
                                                                                                               outcomes with NZB now ranked first in Consumer NPS(8),
                        In Business and Private Banking (B&PB), the Group is investing
                                                                                                               above system growth in household deposits and lending, and
                        in simpler, more seamless banking experiences consistent

                                                                                                                                                                                                         in 2025
                                                                                                               maintenance of the leading business lending market share.
                        with a relationship-based approach increasingly enabled by
                                                                                                               This has supported returns over a period of challenging
                        digital, data and analytics. The rollout of a new business
                                                                                                               economic conditions.
                        lending platform to bankers in 2025 has been an important
                        achievement, enabling easier and faster lending outcomes. As                           Having a healthy customer franchise and engaged colleagues
                        a result, the vast majority of business lending flows are now                          underpin the Group's ability to grow sustainably. Improving




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Creating value
                        submitted digitally and time taken to say 'yes' to customer                            customer and colleague experiences are central to this and




For personal use only
                        lending requests has reduced by approximately 20% since                                remain a key investment priority. The Group's most recent
                        2022. In 2025, the Group also delivered ongoing innovations                            colleague engagement score of 78 at July 2025 was stable
                        in business payments and continued improvements to the                                 over the year and in line with the top quartile benchmark(9).
                        customer onboarding experience for business transaction                                Strategic Customer NPS(10) outcomes were mixed for the 12
                        accounts, supporting improved deposit outcomes. B&PB's                                 months ended September 2025. Business NPS improved from
                        business lending balances rose 7.3% in 2025 with growth in SME                         -6 to -1 with NAB continuing to rank second among major
                        business lending market share(2). Deposit balances grew 6.6% in                        banks while Mass Consumer NPS improved from -2 to 0 with
                        2025 and new business transaction account openings rose 12%                            NAB's ranking improving from third to second. Large Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate
                        compared with 2024 and are now 26% higher than 2022.                                   and Institutional NPS(11) declined 1 point with the Group's ranking
                                                                                                               slipping from equal first to second.
                        In Personal Banking (PB), the Group continues to navigate
                        a challenging home lending market through a disciplined                                These customer scores highlight that more needs to be done                            Governance
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Statement
                        approach and by focusing on improving the performance                                  to achieve the Group’s purpose of being the most customer-
                        of its proprietary channels. Over 2025, momentum in                                    centric company in Australia and New Zealand. In 2025 the
                        Australian home lending improved with balances(3) growing                              Group commenced rollout of a more granular and consistent
                        5.2%, representing a system multiple of 0.9x(4) (versus 0.6x in                        customer advocacy approach called NAB Customer Voices.
                        2024). Proprietary channel drawdowns also increased to 41%                             This aims to better and more systemically measure, capture
                                                                                                               and leverage customer feedback, increase the pace at

                                                                                                                                                                                                         Risk
                        of total drawdowns in 2025, up from 38% in 2024, benefitting
                        from investment in banker capabilities and tools including                             which the Group responds, and drive accountability and
                        onboarding approximately 270 new proprietary home lending                              alignment for customer outcomes among colleagues. Results

                                                                                                                                                                                                      management
                        bankers during 2025(5). Retail deposit performance has also                            to-date have been encouraging across customer-facing
                        been strong in 2025, supported by investments to reinvigorate                          channels where the new approach is being embedded, with
                        the Group's branch network. PB deposit balances grew 9.2%                              meaningful uplifts in customer interaction NPS. Further rollout
                        over 2025 with an 18% increase in new retail transaction                               is planned in 2026. Over time, this approach is expected
                        account openings in 2025 compared with 2024. A key focus                               to drive improvements in the Group's Strategic Customer
                        since 2022 has been the development of a new, modern                                   NPS outcomes.

                                                                                                                                                                                                        Report of
                        unsecured lending platform, which reached an important                                 Critical to the Group's ability to execute its strategy
                        milestone in 2025 with the majority of acquired Citi white label                       and deliver improved customer and colleague outcomes
                        partners (and a material portion of customers) successfully

                                                                                                                                                                                                      the Directors
                                                                                                               is investment spend, which was increased in 2025 to
                        migrated to the new platform. The balance of the Citi migration                        $1.8 billion from $1.6 billion in 2024. Technology-related
                        is due to be completed by December 2025(6).                                            initiatives have remained a key component of investment
                        Corporate and Institutional Banking has maintained its                                 spend including simplifying, automating and digitising the
                        returns-focused strategy. This involves a disciplined approach                         Group's business, increasing the use of data and analytics
                        to growth focused on long-term relationships with target                               and AI, and transitioning to a more modern technology




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Financial report
                         (1) Amounts presented in this section are based on cash earnings.
                         (2) Derived from latest RBA statistics excluding financial businesses. Latest data as at August 2025 compared with September 2024. NAB SME market share includes
                              business lending relating to both B&PB and C&IB.
                         (3) Represents home lending balances in PB, B&PB and ubank.
                         (4) APRA Monthly Authorised Deposit-taking Institution statistics. Latest data as at September 2025.
                         (5) Offset by productivity, net increase to FTE of 120.
                         (6) Integration and migration timeframe subject to change (including deliverables by third-party partners).
                         (7) Net Promoter® and NPS® are registered trademarks of Bain & Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc., and Fred Reichheld. Net Promoter ScoreSM is a service mark of Bain &
                              Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc., and Fred Reichheld.
                         (8) Sourced from Insights HQ (previously known as Camorra Research) Retail Market Monitor (data on 12-month roll). NPS for nominated main bank provider as at 30th


                                                                                                                                                                                                       Additional
                              September 2025. The result reflects the 5 major banks in New Zealand. Rank is based on absolute results and may be within the confidence interval of another brand.
                         (9) Engagement scores refer to Glint colleague engagement survey outcomes. Top quartile comparison is based upon Glint’s client group (domestic and global, from
                              all industries).


                                                                                                                                                                                                      information
                         (10) Net Promoter® and NPS® are registered trademarks of Bain & Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc., and Fred Reichheld. Net Promoter ScoreSM is a service mark of Bain &
                              Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc., and Fred Reichheld. Sourced from RFI Global – Atlas, measured on 6 month rolling average to September 2025. Mass Consumer: based
                              on all consumers, 18+ and excludes consumers with personal income of $260k+ and/or investible assets $2.5m+ and/or footings of over $850k. Business Strategic NPS is
                              based on all businesses. Ranking based on absolute scores, not statistically significant differences and compared against Big 4 peers.
                         (11) Coalition Greenwich Voice of Client 2025 Australia Large Corporate Relationship Banking Study.


                                                                                                                                                                      2025 Annual Report       91
                        Operating and financial review (cont.)




                        environment. Progressive delivery of these initiatives are                                 instruments will be eligible to be included as Tier 2 capital until
                        allowing bankers to spend more time with customers                                         their first call date. This change is intended to ensure that the
                        and provide quicker responses, while letting customers                                     capital strength of the Australian banking system operates
                        increasingly self-serve when and where they want to. At                                    more effectively in a stress scenario. APRA plans to finalise
                        the same time, technology modernisation is improving the                                   amendments to prudential standards to reflect the change by
                        resilience, risk and scalability of the Group's operations and                             the end of calendar year 2025.
                        has supported the decommissioning of more than 149 legacy
                        technology assets in 2025. These initiatives are also making                               Revisions to the capital framework
                        the Group more efficient, helping it manage costs while                                    APRA’s revisions to APS 117 Capital Adequacy: Interest Rate
                        continuing to invest. In 2025 the Group achieved productivity                              Risk in the Banking Book came into effect on 1 October 2025.
                        benefits of $420 million, allowing it to limit cash operating                              Internal models used in the calculation of Interest Rate Risk
                        expense growth in 2025 to 4.6%(1) including $130 million of                                in the Banking Book (IRRBB) capital required re-accreditation
                        payroll review and remediation charges.                                                    by APRA.
                        Prudent balance sheet settings have been maintained over                                   There is currently no timeline for APRA’s consultation on
                        2025. In 2025 the Group prevented or recovered more than                                   revisions to APS 116 Capital Adequacy: Market Risk for the
                        $385 million in scam losses for customers. At September                                    adoption of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision's
                        2025 collective provisions as a ratio of credit risk weighted                              Fundamental Review of the Trading Book regulatory standards.
                        assets were 1.33% and deposits now fund 84% of total lending
                        - both materially stronger than pre COVID-19 levels. Liquidity                             Reserve Bank of New Zealand capital review




For personal use only
                        and funding ratios remain well above regulatory minimums.                                  In December 2019, the RBNZ finalised its review of the capital
                        The Group's CET1 ratio of 11.70% at September 2025 is 65 basis                             adequacy framework. The RBNZ amendments included an
                        points lower over the year with key drivers including volume                               increase in the Tier 1 capital requirement to 16% of RWA, and
                        growth, increased long-term investment in the business                                     an increase in the Total capital requirement to 18% of RWA, to
                        and completion of the Group's on-market share buy-back(2).                                 be phased in by calendar year 2028.
                        Adjusting for the finalisation of the sale of the Group's
                                                                                                                   In March 2025, the RBNZ announced a review of its capital
                        remaining stake in MLC Life(3), proforma Group CET1 is 11.81% and
                                                                                                                   settings including assessment of international comparability
                        compares with the Group's target of greater than 11.25% which
                                                                                                                   and the role of AT1 capital. The RBNZ commenced consultation
                        includes the impact of APRA's decision to phase out AT1 capital
                                                                                                                   on this review in August 2025, proposing more granular
                        from January 2027(4).
                                                                                                                   standardised risk weights and two potential options for capital
                        The Group moves forward with optimism and confidence.                                      ratio requirements. Both options include removal of AT1 capital
                        Balance sheet settings are prudent and the Group has a                                     and an increase in Tier 2 capital, with one option also
                        clear strategy to deliver sustainable growth and attractive                                introducing loss-absorbing capacity requirements. The RBNZ
                        returns over time, underpinned by consistent investment to                                 intends to finalise capital settings by December 2025 and
                        significantly uplift customer advocacy, speed and simplicity                               announce implementation timelines by March 2026.
                        going forward.
                                                                                                                   Reserve Bank of New Zealand liquidity review
                        Capital management and funding review                                                      In 2022 the RBNZ began a comprehensive review of its liquidity
                                                                                                                   policy, known as the Liquidity Policy Review. The RBNZ Liquidity
                        Balance sheet management overview
                                                                                                                   Standard is expected to be issued in May 2027 and take effect
                        The Group remains committed to balance sheet strength, to                                  in December 2028.
                        support sustainable growth and returns while keeping the
                                                                                                                   In September 2025, the RBNZ launched the Liquidity
                        bank safe.
                                                                                                                   Management Review consultation, with a focus on how Open
                        Regulatory reform                                                                          Market Operations are conducted and design considerations
                                                                                                                   for a Committed Liquidity Facility. The consultation period
                        Key reforms that may affect the Group's capital and
                                                                                                                   closed in October 2025 and a summary of key decisions is
                        liquidity include:
                                                                                                                   expected in the first half of calendar year 2026.
                        Increased loss-absorbing capacity for ADIs
                                                                                                                   Liquidity requirements
                        Under their loss-absorbing capacity framework, APRA has
                                                                                                                   APRA will conduct a comprehensive review of APS 210 Liquidity,
                        required domestic systemically important banks (D-SIBs) to
                                                                                                                   with industry engagement expected to commence in calendar
                        hold incremental Total capital equal to 3% of risk-weighted
                                                                                                                   year 2026.
                        assets (RWA) since 1 January 2024. The requirement increases
                        by 1.5% (to a total of 4.5%) of RWA on 1 January 2026. Based on                            Capital management
                        the Group’s RWA and Total capital position at 30 September
                                                                                                                   The Group’s capital management strategy is focused on
                        2025, the 4.5% of RWA Total capital requirement has been met.
                                                                                                                   adequacy, efficiency, and flexibility. The capital adequacy
                        Additional Tier 1 capital changes                                                          objective seeks to ensure sufficient capital is held in excess
                                                                                                                   of regulatory requirements and is within the Group’s balance
                        In December 2024, APRA confirmed it will phase out the use of
                                                                                                                   sheet risk appetite. This approach is consistent across the
                        Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital from 1 January 2027. Under APRA’s
                                                                                                                   Group’s banking subsidiaries.
                        approach, large, internationally active banks including NAB will
                        replace 1.5% AT1 capital with 0.25% Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1)
                        capital and 1.25% Tier 2 capital. Until 2032, existing AT1 capital

                         (1) Statutory cost growth of 3.4%.
                         (2) The Group completed its $3.0 billion announced on-market share buy-back on 12 March 2025, resulting in the buy-back and cancellation of 87.8 million ordinary shares.
                             $0.6 billion of those shares were bought-back in 2025 financial year.
                         (3) Sale of the Group's remaining 20% stake in MLC Life to Nippon Life for $497m (completed on 31 October 2025).
                         (4) Under APRA's approach, large internationally active banks including NAB will replace 1.5% Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital with 0.25% Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital and
                             1.25% Tier 2 capital.


                        92   National Australia Bank
                        Operating and financial review (cont.)




                        In May 2025, the Group’s CET1 ratio operating target increased                           During the September 2025 full year, NAB accessed term
                        by 25bps to greater than 11.25% to reflect APRA’s decision to                            wholesale funding markets across a range of products and
                        phase out AT1 capital from January 2027.                                                 currencies. In April 2025, global term funding markets saw
                        On 12 March 2025, the Group completed the on-market                                      an increase in volatility driven by the announcement of US               About
                                                                                                                 reciprocal tariffs and the expectation for more restrictive
                                                                                                                                                                                       this report
                        share buy-back that was announced on 15 August 2023 and
                        subsequently increased on 2 May 2024 to $3 billion. Through                              global trade policies. Since April, market conditions have
                        this buy-back, the Group has bought back and cancelled                                   improved, supported by moderating inflation, central bank rate
                        87,824,707 ordinary shares, including 16,572,039 ordinary shares                         cuts and reduced volatility.
                        ($0.6 billion or 0.15% of CET1 capital) in the September 2025                            The Group raised $36.3 billion(1) of term wholesale funding
                        full year.                                                                               during the September 2025 full year. NAB raised $33.3 billion
                                                                                                                 of term wholesale funding, including $4.0 billion of Tier
                                                                                                                                                                                       Our business
                        Additional Tier 1 capital initiatives                                                    2 subordinated debt and BNZ raised $3.0 billion of
                        On 17 July 2025, NAB redeemed $600 million of NAB Wholesale                              term wholesale funding, including $0.8 billion of Tier 2

                                                                                                                                                                                          in 2025
                        Capital Notes 2.                                                                         subordinated debt.
                                                                                                                 The weighted average maturity of term wholesale funding
                        Tier 2 capital initiatives                                                               issued by the Group in the September 2025 full year was
                        The Group’s Tier 2 capital initiatives during the September 2025                         approximately 5.0 years. The weighted average remaining
                        full year included the following:                                                        maturity of the Group’s term wholesale funding portfolio is




                                                                                                                                                                                         Creating value
                        •    On 14 January 2025, NAB issued US$1.25 billion of                                   approximately 3.2(2) years.




For personal use only
                             Subordinated Notes.                                                                 Term funding markets continue to be influenced by the
                        •    On 12 June 2025, NAB redeemed CAD1.0 billion of                                     economic environment, credit conditions, investor sentiment
                             Subordinated Notes.                                                                 and monetary, fiscal and trade policy settings.
                        •    On 24 July 2025, NAB issued HKD400 million of
                                                                                                                 Short-term wholesale funding
                             Subordinated Notes.
                                                                                                                 During the 2025 full year, the Group accessed international and
                        •    On 30 July 2025 NAB issued $1.5 billion of
                                                                                                                 domestic short-term funding through wholesale markets. In
                             Subordinated Notes.
                                                                                                                 addition, the Group has accessed secured short-term funding
                        •    On 3 September 2025, NAB issued CHF225 million of                                   in the form of repurchase agreements, primarily to support            Corporate
                             Subordinated Notes.                                                                 markets and trading activities. Repurchase agreements
                        Further detail on the Group's Subordinated Notes issuance is                             entered into, excluding those associated with the Term               Governance
                                                                                                                                                                                       Statement
                        available at nabcapital.com.au.                                                          Lending Facility (TLF) and FLP, are materially offset by reverse
                                                                                                                 repurchase agreements with similar tenors.
                        BNZ capital initiatives
                        On 28 January 2025, BNZ issued US$500 million of Subordinated
                                                                                                                 Liquidity Coverage Ratio
                        Notes which qualify as Tier 2 capital for BNZ under RBNZ rules,                          The LCR measures the adequacy of high-quality liquid assets


                                                                                                                                                                                          Risk
                        but do not contribute to the Group’s Total capital position                              (HQLA) available to meet net cash outflows over a 30-day
                        under APRA rules.                                                                        period, during a severe liquidity stress scenario. HQLA primarily
                                                                                                                 consists of cash, deposits with central banks, Australian

                                                                                                                                                                                       management
                        Funding and liquidity                                                                    government and semi-government securities and securities
                        The Group monitors the composition and stability of funding                              issued by foreign sovereigns. Under APS 210 Liquidity, HQLA also
                        and liquidity through the Group's Board approved risk appetite                           includes Alternative Liquid Assets (ALA), which comprise RBNZ
                        which includes compliance with the regulatory requirements                               repo-eligible securities.
                        of APRA's Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and Net Stable Funding                          The Group maintains a well-diversified liquid asset portfolio to
                        Ratio (NSFR).

                                                                                                                                                                                         Report of
                                                                                                                 support regulatory and internal requirements in the regions
                                                                                                                 in which it operates. Liquid assets are measured at fair value
                        Funding                                                                                  with valuation changes recognised immediately through either

                                                                                                                                                                                       the Directors
                        The Group employs a range of metrics to set its risk appetite                            the income statement or other comprehensive income. The
                        and measure balance sheet strength. The NSFR measures the                                average value of regulatory liquid assets held through the
                        extent to which assets are funded with stable sources of                                 September 2025 quarter was $208 billion.
                        funding in order to mitigate the risk of future funding stress.                          The Group's LCR averaged 135% during the September 2025
                        At 30 September 2025, the Group’s NSFR was 116%, down                                    quarter, a decrease of 2% compared to September 2024.




                                                                                                                                                                                         Financial report
                        1% compared to 30 September 2024. Increases in required                                  A detailed breakdown of quarterly average net cash outflows
                        stable funding (RSF) from a rise in lending volumes and a                                is provided in the September 2025 Pillar 3 Report.
                        changing mix of regulatory liquid assets were partially offset
                        by increases in available stable funding (ASF) from deposits
                        and wholesale funding.
                        The Group's deposit strategy is to grow a stable and
                        reliable deposit base informed by market conditions, funding
                        requirements and customer relationships.

                        Term wholesale funding
                        The Group maintains a well-diversified term wholesale funding                                                                                                   Additional
                        profile across issuance type, currency, investor location
                        and tenor.                                                                                                                                                     information
                            (1) Excludes AT1 capital.
                            (2) Excludes AT1 capital, Residential Mortgage Backed Securities (RMBS) and Funding for Lending Programme (FLP).


                                                                                                                                                            2025 Annual Report   93
                        Operating and financial review (cont.)




                                                                     Quarterly average
                                                       30 Sep 25          31 Mar 25          30 Sep 24
                         Liquidity
                         Coverage Ratio
                         Total high quality
                         liquid assets
                         ($bn)(1)                              208                212             215
                         Net cash
                         outflows ($bn)                        153                152             157
                         Quarterly average
                         LCR (%)                               135                139             137
                         (1) Includes assets qualifying under alternative liquidity approaches.


                        Dividend and Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP)
                        The final dividend in respect of the year ended 30 September
                        2025 has been determined at 85 cents, 100% franked, payable
                        on 12 December 2025.
                        The extent to which future dividends on ordinary shares
                        and distributions on frankable hybrids will be franked is




For personal use only
                        not guaranteed and will depend on a number of factors,
                        including capital management activities and the level of
                        profits generated by the Group that will be subject to tax
                        in Australia.
                        The Group periodically adjusts its DRP to reflect its capital
                        position and outlook. There is no DRP discount for the
                        2025 final dividend. Eligible shareholders have the ability to
                        participate in the DRP for the 2025 final dividend for up
                        to 5 million NAB ordinary shares per participant. The Group
                        expects to satisfy the DRP in full by an on-market purchase of
                        ordinary shares.




                        94   National Australia Bank
                        Directors’ information
                        For information on the directors, company secretaries and board meetings refer to pages 51 to 55 and 60.

                        Directors' and officers' indemnity
                        NAB’s constitution
                                                                                                                                                                     About
                        The Company’s Constitution permits the Company to indemnify current and former directors, company secretaries and other                   this report
                        senior officers of the Company and its related bodies corporate. This indemnity may cover certain losses and liabilities incurred
                        by these individuals in their capacity as officers, to the extent permitted by law.

                        Deeds of Indemnity
                        The Company has entered into individual deeds of indemnity with each director. These deeds generally reflect the protections

                                                                                                                                                                  Our business
                        available under the Constitution and provide additional certainty regarding access to the Company’s documents and records
                        and related rights. The Board may also approve similar arrangements for other officers and employees where appropriate.

                        Directors' and officers' insurance                                                                                                           in 2025
                        During the financial year, the Company maintained and paid an insurance premium in respect of a directors’ and officers’ liability
                        insurance policy for the benefit of the Company and its officers. This policy provides cover for certain liabilities incurred in the
                        course of performing their duties. In accordance with standard commercial practice, the policy prohibits disclosure of its terms,
                        including the nature of the cover, policy limits and premium amounts.




                                                                                                                                                                    Creating value




For personal use only
                        Directors' and executives' interests
                        Particulars of shares, rights and other relevant interests held directly and indirectly by directors and Group Executives are set
                        out in the Remuneration Report.




                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                 Governance
                                                                                                                                                                  Statement




                                                                                                                                                                     Risk

                                                                                                                                                                  management




                                                                                                                                                                    Report of


                                                                                                                                                                  the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                   Additional

                                                                                                                                                                  information




                                                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report   95
                        Other matters
                        Rights
                        As at the date of this Report, there are 3,454,808 rights outstanding in relation to NAB fully paid ordinary shares. No exercise price
                        is payable for rights. The latest dates for exercise of the rights range between 15 November 2025 and 15 November 2031. Persons
                        holding rights are not entitled to participate in capital actions by NAB (such as rights issues or bonus issues) as they relate to
                        those rights.
                        For the period from 1 October 2025 to the date of this Report, no NAB fully paid ordinary shares were issued as a result of the
                        exercise of a right.
                        For further details on rights refer to .Note 34 Equity-based plans of the notes to the financial statements and Section 6.4 of the
                        Remuneration Report.

                        Future developments
                        In the opinion of the directors, discussion or disclosure of any further future developments including the Group’s business
                        strategies and its prospects for future financial years would be likely to result in unreasonable prejudice to the interests of
                        the Group.

                        Proceedings on behalf of NAB
                        There are no proceedings brought or intervened in, or applications to bring or intervene in proceedings, on behalf of NAB by a
                        member or other person entitled to do so under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).




For personal use only
                        Events subsequent to reporting date
                        On 31 October 2025, the Group completed the disposal of its remaining stake in MLC Life for $497 million. The investment in MLC
                        Life of $243 million was derecognised by the Group on this date, resulting in an overall gain on disposal of $254 million which will
                        be included in the Group’s statutory net profit for the year ending 30 September 2026. As part of the transaction, NAB has agreed
                        to provide up to $150m contingent Tier 2 capital support to the combined MLC Life Insurance and Resolution Life Australasia
                        business if required. The capital support is available to be drawn down, subject to certain conditions being met, for a period of
                        three years, from completion of the transaction, with the final terms subject to regulatory approvals.
                        There are no other items, transactions or events of a material or unusual nature that have arisen in the period between
                        30 September 2025 and the date of this Report that, in the opinion of the directors, have significantly affected or may
                        significantly affect the operations of the Group, the results of those operations or the state of affairs of the Group in
                        future years.

                        Integrity of reporting
                        The directors of NAB have a responsibility with respect to the integrity of external reporting. This involves reviewing and
                        monitoring, with the assistance of the Audit Committee and management, the processes, controls and procedures which are in
                        place to maintain the integrity of the Group’s financial statements.
                        Further details on the role of the Board and its committees can be found in NAB's 2025 Corporate Governance Statement in the
                        Corporate Governance Statement section of this Report and is available online at nab.com.au/about-us/corporate-governance.

                        External auditor
                        EY was appointed as the Group external auditor on 31 January 2005 and has provided the audit opinion on the Financial report for
                        21 years. In accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), the lead signing partner for the audit rotates every five years. Mr
                        Tim Dring was appointed on 16 December 2022 as the Group's Lead Partner and completed his third year as signing partner on the
                        2025 Financial report.
                        The Audit Committee conducts an annual review of the adequacy of the external audit with emphasis on independence,
                        effectiveness, and performance of the external auditor. The Audit Committee assessed and resolved it would be appropriate for
                        EY to continue as the external auditor and satisfied themselves on the following basis:
                        •    The External Audit Plan addresses key areas of accounting judgement, including business risks, regulatory and compliance
                             obligations, operations and internal control environment associated with the Financial report and the resulting key
                             audit matters.
                        •    Partner rotations bring fresh perspectives to management and the Audit Committee. The lead partner has demonstrated
                             sound judgement and objectivity.
                        •    The audit team has appropriate industry and technical skills and experience, supported where necessary by EY’s technical
                             specialists. The audit team has demonstrated professional scepticism, integrity, independence, insight, service quality,
                             communication, reporting and responsiveness.
                        There is no person who has acted as an officer of the Group during the 2025 financial year who has previously been a partner at
                        EY when that firm conducted the Group's audit.

                        Audit-related, taxation-related and non-audit services
                        The remuneration of the external auditor is set out in Note 33 Remuneration of external auditor of the notes to the financial
                        statements and includes details of the fees paid or due and payable for audit-related, taxation-related and non-audit services
                        provided by EY to the Group during 2025.
                        In accordance with advice received from the Audit Committee, the directors are satisfied that the provision of audit-related,
                        taxation-related and non-audit services during the year to 30 September 2025 by EY is compatible with the general standard of



                        96    National Australia Bank
                        Other matters (cont.)




                        independence for auditors imposed by the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). The directors are satisfied because the Audit Committee
                        or its delegate has assessed each service, having regard to auditor independence requirements of applicable laws, rules and
                        regulations, and concluded that the provision of each service or type of service would not impair the independence of EY.
                        A description of the Audit Committee’s pre-approval policies and procedures is set out in the Assurance and Control section on          About

                                                                                                                                                             this report
                        page 71. A copy of EY’s independence declaration is set out on page 142.




                                                                                                                                                             Our business

                                                                                                                                                                in 2025




                                                                                                                                                               Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                             Corporate
                                                                                                                                                            Governance
                                                                                                                                                             Statement




                                                                                                                                                                Risk

                                                                                                                                                             management




                                                                                                                                                               Report of


                                                                                                                                                             the Directors




                                                                                                                                                               Financial report




                                                                                                                                                              Additional

                                                                                                                                                             information




                                                                                                                                  2025 Annual Report   97
                        Remuneration Report
                        Letter from the People & Remuneration                                                      •   We delivered solid progress towards our technology
                        Committee Chair, Kathryn Fagg                                                                  modernisation goals with our continued focus on moving
                                                                                                                       faster, reducing complexity and responding to evolving
                        Dear Fellow Shareholders,
                                                                                                                       customer expectations. Examples of where we delivered
                        On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present NAB's 2025                                     value include the continued modernisation of key platforms
                        Remuneration Report. I would like to thank our Executive                                       such as our Everyday Banking originating platform, the
                        Leadership Team (ELT) and our colleagues around the world                                      redesign of the nabtrade platform, and the upgrade of our
                        for their efforts throughout the year. In 2025, NAB focused on                                 New Payments Platform.
                        executing its evolved Group Strategy and updated its ambition
                                                                                                                   •   Our gender pay gap, as published by the Workplace Gender
                        to become the most customer-centric company in Australia
                                                                                                                       Equality Agency (WGEA) decreased by 0.2% to 14.9%(5) (vs 15.1%
                        and New Zealand.
                                                                                                                       in 2024). Our ambitious 2025 goal of <10% was not met. We
                                                                                                                       will continue our focus on reducing the gender pay gap.
                        Our strategic ambition
                                                                                                                   •   Our colleague engagement remains at global top quartile
                        In November 2024, NAB evolved its Group Strategy. Building
                                                                                                                       of 78(6). Similarly, our Engagement Index score, which
                        on five years of strong foundations, we again prioritised
                                                                                                                       includes scores for belonging, well-being and whether our
                        customers and colleagues and reinforced our resolve to
                                                                                                                       colleagues recommend NAB as a place to work, remains
                        strengthen customer advocacy, deliver faster and simpler
                                                                                                                       at top quartile.
                        banking, and modernise our technology. As our strategy
                        matures, our customer-centric approach is producing early
                                                                                                                   Changes to the Executive Leadership Team
                        results and contributed to good performance and improved




For personal use only
                        customer advocacy across the majority of segments.                                         NAB continues to attract leading talent from both within
                                                                                                                   Australia and globally, as seen by our recent ELT appointments:
                        In line with our customer ambition of sustained advocacy
                        leadership and primacy in relationships, in 2025 we increased                              •   Andrew Auerbach joined as Group Executive, Business and
                        the weighting of our customer measure in our Group                                             Private Banking on 16 June 2025, succeeding Rachel Slade.
                        Performance Indicator (GPI) from 20% to 30%, which is a key                                •   Pete Steel was appointed Group Executive, Digital, Data &
                        component in determining annual variable reward outcomes                                       Artificial Intelligence. Pete will commence employment on
                        for the ELT and eligible colleagues.                                                           19 November 2025. Pete will lead the bank’s digital, data and
                                                                                                                       Artificial Intelligence teams and initiatives to deliver better
                        Our refreshed Colleague Strategy reinforces NAB's
                                                                                                                       experiences for our customers and colleagues.
                        commitment to building a culture where colleagues are proud
                        to work at NAB, inspired and supported by their leaders, and                               •   Shane Conway has been promoted into a newly created
                        deeply focused on our customers. See Sections 1.1 and 1.3                                      role of Group Executive, Transformation. He will lead our
                        for details.                                                                                   continued focus on payments, simplification, technology
                                                                                                                       modernisation, organisational effectiveness and change.
                        Performance                                                                                    Shane will commence his new role on 1 December 2025.
                        The Group's performance in 2025, as measured by the GPI,                                   •   Sharon Cook will retire on 31 December 2025 as Group
                        achieved 92% of target, reflecting balanced performance                                        Executive, Customer and Corporate Services. Les Matheson
                        outcomes. See Section 4 for detail. The key performance                                        will assume the leadership of Customer and Corporate
                        outcomes in 2025 were:                                                                         Services and transfer the leadership of Digital and Data, and
                        •    Cash earnings (expected loss basis)(1)(2) of $6,876 million                               uBank to Pete Steel.
                             were 0.4% favourable to plan.                                                         •   Inder Singh was appointed Group Chief Financial Officer
                        •    Return on Total Allocated Equity (ROTAE) (expected loss                                   and Group Executive, Strategy, Inder will commence
                             basis)(3) was 18 basis points below plan.                                                 employment in March 2026.

                        •    The Board evaluated the quality and sustainability of                                 As a result of ELT changes, there were a number of acting
                             earnings, considering the net impact of certain one-off                               appointments put in place during the transition period. Further
                             items in 2025. As a result, a 2% reduction in cash earnings                           detail on executive changes and transition arrangements is
                             and ROTAE outcomes was applied.                                                       provided in Section 2.2.
                        •    Total dividend of 170 cents per share, fully franked,                                 Remuneration for the Group CEO and
                             returning $5.2 billion to more than 540,000 shareholders -                            Group Executives
                             up from 168 cents per share in 2024.
                                                                                                                   The Group CEO and Group Executives delivered a result in
                        •    NAB made good progress against each of our three key                                  line with plan and made good progress in delivering NAB’s
                             priorities; growing business banking, driving deposit growth,                         customer-centric strategy. The Board remains focused on
                             and strengthening proprietary home lending.                                           maintaining responsible levels of executive remuneration
                        •    Four of five segments improved in customer advocacy                                   that align with business outcomes. The key remuneration
                             with Medium and Large Business Customer Advocacy Net                                  outcomes in 2025 were:
                             Promoter Score (NPS)(4) improving to #1 among peer banks.
                                                                                                                   •   Andrew Irvine’s Annual Variable Reward (VR) outcome was
                                                                                                                       92% of his target opportunity (69% of maximum), recognising

                            (1) Calculation on an expected loss basis provides a view that is reflective of long-term underlying business performance and is less volatile than the Credit Impairment
                                Charge view which in individual years can be impacted by large movements in economic adjustments and forward-looking adjustments.
                            (2) Full detail on how cash earnings is defined, a discussion of non-cash earnings items and a full reconciliation of statutory net profit attributable to owners of the
                                Company is set out in Note 2 Segment information of the Financial report on page 155.
                            (3) Return on Total Allocated Equity on an expected loss basis remains sensitive to changes in the risk profile of the Group's portfolio.
                            (4) Net Promoter® and NPS® are registered trademarks of Bain & Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc., and Fred Reichheld. Net Promoter ScoreSM is a service mark of Bain &
                                Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc., and Fred Reichheld. Medium and Large Business NPS sourced from RFI Global – Atlas, measured on 6 month rolling average. Based on
                                business customers with a turnover $5m-<$200m. Ranking based on absolute scores, not statistically significant differences and compared against Big 4 peers.
                            (5) The pay gap analysis indicates the mean gender pay gap within NAB’s Australian-based workforce. Further detail can be found in Section 1.4.
                            (6) Colleague engagement survey result conducted using Glint. For the purposes of the GPI and Group CEO Scorecard, colleague engagement score is 78% and excludes
                                BNZ. Further details can be found in Section 4.1.


                        98      National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                             his leadership in advancing the Group’s strategy, customer
                             focus and shareholder returns.


                                                                                                                          About
                        •    VR outcomes for current permanent Group Executives
                             ranged from 83% to 120% of target opportunity (62% to 92% of
                             maximum), reflecting individual and collective performance.
                        •    The four-year Long Term Variable Reward (LTVR) granted                                    this report
                             in February 2021 vested at 100% in December 2024, based
                             on NAB's Total Shareholder Return (TSR) outcome at the
                             75th percentile over 4 years (from November 2020 to
                             November 2024), demonstrating strong long-term financial


                                                                                                                       Our business
                             performance and consistent strategic execution.
                        Further detail on the executive remuneration outcomes and


                                                                                                                          in 2025
                        arrangements is provided in Section 2 and Section 4.

                        Consequence management
                        The Board applied consequence management in response to
                        three risk matters considered during the year that relate to
                        matters that arose in prior performance periods.




                                                                                                                         Creating value




For personal use only
                        Hardship: The Federal Court finding in August 2025 of breaches
                        of the National Consumer Credit Protection Act 2009 (Cth) as a
                        result of failures to provide written responses to 345 hardship
                        notices, which resulted in a $15.5 million civil penalty.
                        Common Reporting Standard: NAB's failure to comply with
                        certain requirements under the Common Reporting Standard
                        which resulted in NAB receiving an administrative penalty from
                        the Australian Tax Office in October 2024.
                        Payroll remediation: The issues contributing to NAB's ongoing                                  Corporate
                        payroll review and remediation program.
                        To foster our culture of prudent risk management and                                          Governance
                        individual accountability, downward adjustments were made to                                   Statement
                        the remuneration of current and former colleagues involved
                        in these matters based on their level of accountability and
                        responsibility. Further detail can be found in Section 2.1
                        and 5.3.


                                                                                                                          Risk
                        CPS 511 Compliance and Effectiveness review
                        NAB completed its second annual compliance review and

                                                                                                                       management
                        first triennial effectiveness review of our remuneration
                        framework as required by APRA’s Prudential Standard CPS 511
                        Remuneration (CPS 511). NAB's remuneration framework was
                        found to be effective and compliant with the requirements of
                        CPS 511, with only minor areas of improvements suggested to
                        align with best market practices. Further detail can be found in

                                                                                                                         Report of
                        Section 1.3.
                        On behalf of the Board, I invite you to read this Remuneration

                                                                                                                       the Directors
                        Report which will be presented for adoption at the 2025 AGM.




                                                                                                                         Financial report
                            Kathryn Fagg
                            People & Remuneration Committee Chair
                            6 November 2025




                                                                                                                        Additional

                                                                                                                       information




                                                                                            2025 Annual Report   99
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                          Contents
                          Section 1 -       Our remuneration frameworks               101
                          Section 2 -       Executive remuneration outcomes           105
                                            and changes
                          Section 3 -       Our 2025 executive variable               109
                                            remuneration plans
                          Section 4 -       Remuneration outcomes                     114
                          Section 5 -       Governance, risk and consequence          120
                          Section 6 -       Group CEO and Group Executive statutory   125
                                            remuneration disclosures
                          Section 7 -       Non-executive director remuneration       136
                          Section 8 -       Loans, other transactions and             139
                                            other interests




For personal use only




                        100   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        Section 1 - Our remuneration frameworks
                        1.1 Strategic context for remuneration at NAB
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       About
                         Our remuneration frameworks are informed by the Group Strategy which focuses on customers and colleagues. Our remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    this report
                         principles support the delivery of our strategic priorities and demonstrate how we approach remuneration. They also underpin our
                         executive remuneration framework outlined in Section 1.2, our colleague remuneration framework outlined in Section 1.4 and our broader
                         remuneration policy and structures.

                         Our strategic ambition
                         Our strategic ambition

                                                                                                                                                    ♦ nab bnz** * :ubank JBWere
                                                                                                                                                                             *
                         Why we are here
                         To be the most customer-centric company in Australia and New Zealand                                                                                                                       Our business

                         Who we are here for                                                                                                                                                                           in 2025
                         A Customers
                           Customers who trust us and choose us to be their bank
                                                                                                                                  Colleagues
                                                                                                                                  Customer obsessed colleagues who are proud to work at NAB
                         •




                                                               0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Creating value
                                                                                                                                                                                           II




For personal use only
                         Who we are                                       We are customer
                                                                          obsessed
                                                                                                                 We keep
                                                                                                                 it simple
                                                                                                                                            We move
                                                                                                                                            with speed
                                                                                                                                                                        We
                                                                                                                                                                        own it
                                                                                                                                                                                                   We win
                                                                                                                                                                                                   together




                         What we will be known for
                         Relationship led                                         Exceptional experiences                                       Safe and sustainable
                         1. Exceptional bankers                                   1. Brilliant at the basics                                    1. Strong balance sheet and proactive risk management
                         2. Unrivalled customer service                           2. Trusted in moments that matter                             2. Secure, simplified and resilient technology
                         3. Personalised and proactive                            3. Simple, fast and easy to deal with                         3. Long term and sustainable approach


                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Corporate
                         Where we will grow
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Governance
                         Business & Private                      Corporate & Institutional             Personal                                   BNZ                                 ubank
                         Clear market leader                     Disciplined growth                    Deepen customer relationships              Personal & SME                      Customer acquisition          Statement


                         What we will deliver                              Ci)    Leading customer
                                                                                  advocacy
                                                                                                          Q         Winning
                                                                                                                    in market
                                                                                                                                           Customer obsessed
                                                                                                                                           colleagues
                                                                                                                                                                           Simple, fast,
                                                                                                                                                                           resilient
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Strong
                                                                                                                                                                                                     returns




                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Risk
                         Our evolved ambition is underpinned by our refreshed Colleague Strategy. We continue to rally around our twin peaks of customer and
                         colleague - striving for customers who trust and choose us, and colleagues who are proud to work at NAB. The Colleague Strategy is built
                         on three pillars: Talent, Culture and Leaders, and is outlined in more detail in the Colleagues section of the Annual Report.

                         Our   colleague
                         Our colleague strategy strategy                                                                                                                                                            management

                                    Talent                                                          Culture                                                             Leaders
                                    Highly skilled global workforce                                 A customer obsessed culture where it                                World standard leaders who inspire
                                    positioned for the future                                       is simple to get things done                                        and support performance



                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Report of
                         The following remuneration principles support our Colleague Strategy.

                         Our remuneration principles
                         Our remuneration principles

                                                                                                                                                                                                                    the Directors

                          Customers                         Colleagues                        Shareholders                      Transparent                       Safe                          Long-term
                          Reinforce our                 Fair and appropriate                 Align reward with                    Simple and                   Reflect risk,                    Drive delivery
                         commitment to                   reward to attract and                  sustainable                         easy to                reputation, conduct                  of long-term




                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial report
                           customers                    retain the best people               shareholder value                   understand               and values outcomes                   performance




                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                                    information




                                                                                                                                                                                  2025 Annual Report         101
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        1.2 Executive remuneration framework

                        The executive remuneration framework implemented in 2024 continues to support the delivery of our strategic ambition.
                        The framework reinforces our commitment to customers, aligns with sustainable shareholder value creation and supports
                        appropriate risk, reputation, conduct and sustainability outcomes and our Who We Are values. The framework supports the Group
                        CEO and Group Executives to drive both short and long-term performance. The requirement to hold a minimum shareholding
                        enhances the alignment between the interests of shareholders and the Group CEO and Group Executives. Further information
                        can be found in Section 3.

                              2025 Executive Reward Framework
                                                                                                                                                                             Component                                                                                                                                            Application

                              2025 Executive Reward Framework                                                                                                                                                                                                                               • Comprised of                • Reviewed annually             • Set to attract and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               base salary and                 against the ASX20 and          retain the best


                                            Fixed
                                                                                                                                                                             Component                                                                                                         superannuation                  otherApplication
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       relevant national talent

                                  Fixed
                                                                                                                                                 Base salary
                                                                                                                                                 and super-                                                                                                                                                                    and international
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            •• Paid   regularly
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Comprised     of          • financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Reviewedservices
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           annually         • Reflecting
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Set  to attract the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           and
                                                                                                                                                 annuation                                                                                                                                       throughout    the                                            accountabilities  and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                base   salary and             against the ASX20 and retain the         best talent
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               companies

                                        remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 financial  year
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                superannuation                other relevant national         scope of the role


                               remuneration
                                                                                                                                                 Base salary
                                                                                                                                                 and super-                                                                                                                                 • Paid regularly                  and international
                                                                                                                                                 annuation                                                                                                                                      throughout the                financial services
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                financial                     companies
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             • 60%    cashyear             • Target Annual VR              To reward
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             opportunity of 75%             contribution to the




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             • 40% deferred rights
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               (vesting equally at the       of   FR (maximum               delivery of annual
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             opportunity     of 100%)       goals that drive the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            • end
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              60% of    year 1 and 2)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      cash                • Target Annual VR               To reward




                                          Annual Reward
                                                  Variable Reward
                                                                                                                                                          Annual VR assessment                                                                                                                                               for the Group CEO              Group Strategy,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            •• D
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              40% ividend  equivalent
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      deferred  rights      opportunity of 75%             contribution to the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             and Group Executives           using mechanisms




                                  Annual Variable
                                                                                                                                                                Deferred    Deferred                                                                                                           payment for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              (vesting             vested of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               anyat the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          equally                FR (maximum
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             (50% target and 65%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           delivery of annual
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            such as the Group
                                                                                                                                                   Cash                                                                                                                                        deferred
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              end          rights
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     of year 1 andat2)the   opportunity      of 100%)      goals  that drive the
                                                                                                                                                                VRVR
                                                                                                                                                            Annual year 1   VR year 2
                                                                                                                                                                     assessment                                                                                                                                              maximum for the Group Performance
                                                                                                                                                     VR                                                                                                                                        end of each deferral         for the(3)Group CEO            Group Strategy,
                                                                                                                                                                 vesting     vesting                                                                                                        • Dividend equivalent            CRO)                           Indicator
                                                                                                                                                  (60%) (1)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               period                       and    Group   Executives      using  mechanisms
                                                                                                                                                                 (20%)(2)    (20%)(2)                                                                                                         payment for any vested • O   (50%utcomes
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     targetvary
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            and 65%        such as the Group
                                                                                                                                                                Deferred    Deferred
                                                                                                                                                    Cash                                                                                                                                      deferred rights at the         dependingfor
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            maximum         onthe
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Group
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Group Performance
                                                                                                                                                                VR year 1   VR year 2
                                                                                                                                                     VR                                                                                                                                       end of each deferral           and (3)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            CRO)   individual              Indicator
                                                                                                                                                                 vesting     vesting
                                                                                                                                                  (60%)(1)                                                                                                                                    period                         performance (balance
                                                                                                                                                                 (20%)(2)    (20%)(2)                                                                                                                                     • Outcomes vary
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             scorecard including risk
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            depending on Group
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             goals), values
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            and individual (4)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             and behaviours
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            performance (balance
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            scorecard including risk
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           • A wardvalues
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            goals),     value up to 70% Focus executives
                                                                                                                                                         LTEA                CEO                                                                                                                                            andFR for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              of          Group(4)CEO
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   behaviours               on long-term
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         1/3 released per year
                                                                                                                                                  performance rights                                                                                        for three years                                                   and Group Executives(5) non-financial
                                                                                                                                                  (50%; non-financial                                                                                                                                                     •• E
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Award      value
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ligibility andup to         performance,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    70% Focus
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                award              executives
                                                                                                                                                       measure)             Group
                                                                                                                                                                             CEO                                                                                                                                                                            risk management
                                                                                                                                                         LTEA             Executives                                                                     ½
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         1/3release
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              released per year                                             of   FR for Group
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              value   determined CEOby     on  long-term
                                                                                                                                                   performance rights                                                                                   per year  for years                                                 and    Group each
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              the Board    Executives
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  year (5)  and  conduct
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           non-financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             for three
                                                                                                                                                   (50%; non-financial                                                                                   two years                                                                                       performance,




                                                                    Pre-grantPre-grant
                                                                              individualindividual
                                                                                                   performance,
                                                                                                        risk, and risk,
                                                                                                                        and conduct assessment
                                                                                                                                                                            Group                                                                                                                                        •• S
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Eligibility
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ubject toand
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         NABaward
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Group
                                                                                                                                                        measure)                                                                                         ½ release                                                         value   determined     by     risk management
                                                                                                                                                                          Executives                                                                          CEO: 1/3 of vested LTI                                        meeting or    exceeding




                                                                                          performance,            conduct  assessment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        per year                                                                                         and conduct
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               (bothfor
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      LTEA and LTVR)                                       the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            riskBoard   each year
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 expectations
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         two yearsperformance rights                                        and maintaining
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            • 100% performance           • Subject   to NAB Group
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                exercised and shares                                        an  acceptable    level

                                                                                                                                                                                               • LTI performance measures  tested atof
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    the4-year
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        end of 4-year
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              rights

                                                                                                                                                                                    • LTI performance    measures tested at the end
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     1/3 of  vested                                        meeting    or exceeding
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              CEO:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              released    at the  endLTI
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       of                                  riskrisk
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            of      exposure
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 expectations
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              (both4,LTEA
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            years      5 andand   LTVR)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              6 subject     • Subject to pre-vest
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  performance     rights                                    within  the  agreed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           and maintaining
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         to continued service and           • 100%   performance
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              individual                    appetite   levelslevel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               for risks
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                exercised and    shares                                    an   acceptable

                                                                                                                                                                                      performanceperformance
                                                                                                                                                                                                      period. period.
                                    (7)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          individual    performance,          rights
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              performance, risk             specific to




                                   Long termLong
                                                 term(7)incentive
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              released
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              risk        at the end
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   management         of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     and                                   of risk exposure
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              management
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            • Subject   to pre-and          NAB   Group.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            years   4, 5 and 6
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                conduct         subject
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           assessment                                      within the agreed




                                             incentive
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        to continued service and              conduct
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              vest       measured
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   individual
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              over  a four-year            appetite levels for risks




                                                                                              undertaken
                                                                                                     each for
                                                                                                               each participant
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         individual     performance,          performance, risk            specific to

                                                                                                                                                                                    • Pre-vest• Relevant
                                                                                                                                                                                                individualLTEA and LTVR risk and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Performance   Rights vest.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Group Executives:        1/2 of

                                                                                                                                                                                                           performance,          conduct
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             risk management and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        vested     LTI (both LTEA and         management period
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              performance     and          NAB Group.




                                                                                    undertaken for         participant
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                conduct assessment          • conduct   measured
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              No dividends     are
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        LTVR) performance rights
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 exercised and shares         over
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              paid a four-year
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    throughout the        • Award value up to 70% Align remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Group Executives: 1/2 of

                                                                                                                                                                                      assessment is undertaken for each participant over the 4-year
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                released at the end of        performance
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              performance period
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              period.       of FR for Group CEO            with long-term
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        vested LTI (both LTEA and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             years 4 and 5 subject to       •A   dividend
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Dividend   equivalent         and Group Executives(5) shareholder
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        LTVR) performance rights
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              continued service and           equivalent
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              payment    forpayment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             any         •• E
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Award    value   up to 70% Alignoutcomes
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 exercised and shares                                         ligibility and   award
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           individual performance,

                                                                                                                                                                                      period.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                released at the end of        is paid  for any
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              vested performance           of  FR for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            value      Group CEOby
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    determined            with long-term
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               risk management and            vestedfor the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       performance
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            years 4 and 5 subject to          rights          period       and    Group each
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            the Board     Executives
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                year
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      (5)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          shareholder
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 conduct assessment           rights  forvest
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          the and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              period
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              continued service and           between                                                     outcomes
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         •• S
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Eligibility
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ubject toand   award
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Relative
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           individual performance,            between
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              exercise   vesting
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           value
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Total determined
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Shareholderby

                                                                                                                                                                                    • Relevant LTEA and LTVR Performance Rights vest.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               risk management and            and exercise.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 conduct assessment                                        the   Board
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Return       each
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      (TSR)     year
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              against
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          1/3 released per year
                                                                                                                                                        LTVR                 CEO
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                for three years                                          •a    financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Subject        services
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      to Relative
                                                                                                                                                  performance rights                                                                                                                                                        peer group
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Total
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          (6)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Shareholder
                                                                                                                                                    (50%; financial                                                                                                                                                        Return (TSR) against
                                                                                         1/3release
                                                                                          ½  released per year                                                              Group                                                                                                                                          a financial services
                                                                                        per for
                                                                                             year for years                                            measure)
                                                                                                                                                         LTVR                CEO
                                                                                                three                                                                     Executives                                                                                                                                       peer group(6)
                                                                                          two years                                               performance rights
                                                                                          ½ release                                                 (50%; financial
                                                                Group                                                                                  measure)
                                                                                        per year for
                         Board discretion applies for qualitative matters including risk, two years
                                                             Executives                    reputation, conduct, and values to ensure sustainable performance
                         (including
                         (1) Cash        malus
                                    VR is paid     andend of
                                               at the    clawback).     Further
                                                              the financial  year. detail about how the Board applies discretion on remuneration matters can be found in
                         Section
                         (2) Deferred 5.2.
                                        VR is exercised automatically on vesting. Vesting and exercise occurs at the end of the financial year.
                         (3) Target Annual VR opportunity is 75% of FR for the Group CEO and Group Executives (50% for the Group CRO and acting CFO for the relevant period).
                          (1)The
                         (4)  Cashoutcome
                                    VR is paid
                                             foratthe
                                                   theCEO
                                                       end and
                                                           of the financialDirector,
                                                                Managing    year.     Bank of New Zealand (BNZ) will vary depending on overall Group and BNZ performance.
                          (2)The
                         (5)  Deferred
                                  actualVRvalue
                                           is exercised  automatically
                                                  delivered to the GrouponCEO
                                                                            vesting.
                                                                                 or a Vesting and exercisesubject
                                                                                      Group Executive      occurs at
                                                                                                                  to the
                                                                                                                     the end
                                                                                                                         levelofofthe financial year.
                                                                                                                                   achievement    against the performance measures and NAB’s share price
                          (3)at
                              Target Annual   VR   opportunity
                                the time of exercise.          is 75%  of FR for the Group  CEO and permanent Group Executives (50% for Shaun Dooley the permanent Group CRO and current Acting
                              CFO).
                         (6) The Relative TSR financial services peer group for the LTVR allocated on 19 December 2024 was AMP Limited, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited,
                          (4) The outcome for the CEO and Managing Director, Bank of New Zealand (BNZ) will vary depending on overall Group and BNZ performance.
                             Bank of Queensland Limited, Bendigo and Adelaide Bank Limited, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Insurance Australia Group Limited, Macquarie Group Limited,
                          (5) The actual value delivered to the Group CEO or a Group Executive is subject to the level of achievement against the performance measures and NAB’s share price at
                             Medibank Private Limited, NIB Holdings Limited, QBE Insurance Group Limited, Suncorp Group Limited and Westpac Banking Corporation.
                              the time of exercise.
                         (7) The Long-Term Incentive (LTI) comprises of 50% Long-Term Equity Award (LTEA) and 50% Long-Term Variable Reward (LTVR).
                          (6) The Relative TSR financial services peer group for the LTVR allocated on 19 December 2024 was AMP Limited, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited, Bank
                              of Queensland Limited, Bendigo and Adelaide Bank Limited, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Insurance Australia Group Limited, Macquarie Group Limited,
                              Medibank Private Limited, NIB Holdings Limited, QBE Insurance Group Limited, Suncorp Group Limited and Westpac Banking Corporation.
                          (7) The Long-Term Incentive (LTI) comprises of 50% Long-Term Equity Award (LTEA) and 50% Long-Term Variable Reward (LTVR). Neither Michael Saadie or Peter
                              Whitelaw will receive any LTI because they are Acting Group Executives. See Section 2.2 for more information.




                        102   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                         Minimum Shareholding Requirement
                         To align with shareholder interests, executives are required to hold NAB shares to the value of two times FR (for the Group CEO) and one
                         times FR (for Group Executives). Newly appointed Group Executives are required to satisfy the minimum shareholding requirement within
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      About
                         a five-year period from the date of commencement in their role. Group Executives in an acting capacity are not subject to the minimum
                         shareholding requirements.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                   this report
                         The value of an executive’s shareholding is based on the share price on the last day of the financial year (i.e., 30 September).
                         The Group CEO and permanent Group Executives have either met or are on track to meet their minimum shareholding requirement.
                         Holdings included in meeting the minimum shareholding requirement are NAB ordinary shares, unvested deferred shares and deferred
                         rights not subject to further performance conditions held by the executive, and shares held by a closely related party or self-managed
                         superannuation fund for the benefit of the executive.
                         No changes were made to the minimum shareholding requirement in 2025, but the requirement will be reviewed in 2026 to ensure

                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Our business
                         alignment with market practice and to further support the long term alignment of interests of the ELT with those of shareholders.


                        1.3 Our approach to executive remuneration
                        The Board, supported by the People and Remuneration Committee, and the Board Risk & Compliance Committee, actively                                                                            in 2025
                        monitors the Group's performance, including any risk and conduct matters that arise. This enables the Board to take timely
                        action to address any issues identified and ensure the prudent application of consequences in the event of risk or conduct
                        failures (including malus and clawback). Further detail about how the Board applies discretion and consequence management in
                        respect of remuneration can be found in Sections 5.2 and 5.3.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value




For personal use only
                        1.4 Colleague remuneration framework
                        Informed by our remuneration principles, the colleague remuneration framework, applicable to colleagues below the Group
                        Executive level, operates in close alignment with the executive remuneration framework ensuring a cohesive and consistent
                        approach to reward outcomes across the organisation.


                                Fixed Remuneration (FR)                                        Annual Variable Reward (VR)                                     Annual Equity Award (AEA)


                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate
                                Colleagues appointed to Group                                  Colleagues appointed to Group                                   Certain colleagues appointed
                        WHO     1 – 6 roles (1)                                                3 – 6 roles (1)                                                 to Group 5 and 6 roles (1)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Governance
                                • FR is comprised of base salary                               • Cash and restricted shares (where                             • 100% restricted shares
                                  and superannuation                                             the Annual VR outcome meets the                                 (1/3 scheduled to vest at the                     Statement
                                • Paid regularly during the financial year                       relevant deferral threshold) (2)                                end of year 1, year 2 and year 3)
                                • In addition to FR, a $1,000 share                            • Cash component paid at the end                                • Allocated at the end of the
                        WHAT      or cash grant to eligible colleagues in                        of the financial year                                           financial year based on a
                                                                                                                                                                 pre-grant assessment of

                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Risk
                                  Group 1 – 5 roles will be made after                         • Restricted shares are allocated at the
                                  the end of the financial year(3)                               end of the financial year and vest over                         individual performance and
                                                                                                 the deferral period applicable to the                           conduct during the year


                                                                                                                                                                                                                   management
                                                                                                 colleague’s role

                                • Market competitive remuneration for                          • To reward contribution to delivery of                         • To create shareholder alignment,
                                  role and experience to attract and                             annual goals that drive the Group’s                             drive continued sustainable
                                  retain high performing individuals                             strategy                                                        performance and emphasise focus
                                • Only component of remuneration for                           • Motivates performance and safe                                  on risk management, good conduct


                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Report of
                                  some colleagues, providing certainty                           growth for colleagues who have                                  and behaviour outcomes

                        WHY
                                  and encouraging stronger focus on                              increased accountability for and
                                  customers                                                      influence over the Group’s annual

                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the Directors
                                • The $1,000 share or cash grant                                 performance
                                  recognises colleague contribution                            • Variable reward targets have
                                  to Group performance in 2025                                   been standardised to create
                                                                                                 more consistency and fairness




                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report
                                                                                                      Board discretion applies for qualitative matters including risk, reputation, conduct
                                                                                                      and values to ensure sustainable performance (including for malus and clawback)(4)

                                                                                                                                                    At Risk
                        (1) Roles are defined in the NAB Enterprise Agreement 2024. Group 1 - 6 roles are roles below the Group CEO and Group Executives (which are Group 7 roles).
                        (2) Deferral thresholds and deferral periods are different depending on the incentive plan participated in, the location and the seniority of the colleague.
                        (3) The grant of shares or cash and value of the award is determined by the Board each year in its discretion.
                        (4) Further details about how the Board applies discretion on remuneration matters can be found in Section 5.2.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Additional
                        Remuneration terms - Australia-based colleagues
                        NAB’s 2024 Enterprise Agreement provides colleagues with greater certainty about pay through clearly defined FR increases and

                                                                                                                                                                                                                   information
                        a structured remuneration framework. The increases scheduled to take effect from January 2026 for eligible colleagues below
                        Group Executive level, are outlined below.




                                                                                                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report   103
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                         Pay rate                                       FR increase
                         FR below $111,500                              Colleagues will receive a minimum FR increase of 3.5%.
                         FR of $111,501 - $150,689                      Colleagues will receive a minimum FR increase of 2%.
                         FR of $150,690 - $185,925                      Colleagues will receive a minimum FR increase of 1.5%.
                         FR above the High Income                       A budget of 1.5% of FR has been allocated to these colleagues and will be distributed based on
                         Threshold ($185,925)                           individual performance, internal peer relativities and external market remuneration positioning.


                        In addition to FR, NAB provides a broad range of benefits including financial and other well-being benefits. This includes flexible
                        work arrangements, up to two days of volunteer leave per year, one week of additional annual leave (“You Leave”)(1) and wellness
                        and mental health resources through our Employee Assistance Program.

                        Remuneration terms - Internationally based colleagues
                        Remuneration for colleagues based in international locations is informed by local regulations and market practice, and governed
                        by the NAB Group remuneration framework.

                        Colleague recognition and initiatives
                        Colleague recognition and appreciation are led through our NAB Honour and NAB Appreciate programs that recognise colleagues
                        and teams who get it right for our customers every time and build a truly customer obsessed culture.




For personal use only
                        We advanced pay equity, reducing the gender pay gap by 0.2% to 14.9% (vs 15.1% in 2024)(2). During our annual performance and
                        reward review process, people leaders address and ensure gender pay equity through the performance and reward decisions
                        they make.




                         (1) Entitlement to You Leave is subject to colleagues meeting the eligibility criteria.
                         (2) Figures shown are published by the Workplace Gender Equality Agency (WGEA). The pay gap analysis indicates the mean gender pay gap within NAB’s Australian-based
                             workforce, the reporting period for each year reflects 1 October to 30 September of the previous year (e.g., 2025 reflects the period 1 Oct 2024 to 30 Sept 2025). The
                             gender pay gap is calculated by dividing the mean female base salary by the mean male base salary per employment level. It does not separately measure the gender
                             pay gap in equivalent roles. Analysis included permanent (including CEO salary from 2025 as per WGEA reporting requirements), fixed term, and casual colleagues and
                             excludes contractors.


                        104   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        Section 2 - Executive remuneration outcomes and changes
                        2.1 Executive remuneration outcomes(1)
                                                                                                                                                                                                           About
                            Fixed                  As disclosed in our 2024 Remuneration Report, the Board approved FR increases between 2.1% to 5.6% for five
                                                                                                                                                                                                        this report
                            Remuneration           Group Executives, effective from 2 January 2025 to reflect increased accountabilities and external pay relativity
                                                   adjustments. The FR of Group Executives who were appointed in 2025 was determined with reference to the market
                                                   remuneration observed for equivalent roles in the Australian market. There has been no change to FR for the Group
                                                   CEO role since 2019.
                            2025                   The Board considered performance across all elements of the Group scorecard(1).
                            Performance            The 2025 Annual VR outcomes were:
                            and Annual VR

                                                                                                                                                                                                        Our business
                            outcomes                                                                                         Individual Annual VR outcomes
                                                   Position                                   % of Fixed Remuneration                % of Target Opportunity            % of Max Opportunity


                                                                                                                                                                                                           in 2025
                                                   Group CEO                                               69%                                     92%                            69%
                                                   Group Executives(2)(3)(4)                            62% - 92%                              83% - 120%                     62% - 92%
                                                   The five-year overview below shows a reasonable distribution of outcomes at target VR opportunity. The
                                                   level of variation in the outcomes for the Group CEO and Group Executives reflects appropriate pay for
                                                   performance alignment.
                                                                                                                                   % of Annual VR target




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Creating value




For personal use only
                                                   Position                                      2025                 2024                    2023                2022                  2021
                                                   Group CEO                                      92%                  90%                    108%                111%                  121%
                                                   Group Executives                           83% - 120%            72% - 108%              81% - 117%         93% - 111%            105-149%
                            2020 Long-             The performance conditions for the 2020 Long-Term Variable Reward (LTVR) award (granted in February 2021) were
                            Term VR                tested in November 2024. The 2020 LTVR award was granted subject to a Relative TSR performance hurdle, measured
                            outcomes               over a four-year period. The Board also assessed qualitative performance factors and individual performance prior to
                                                   determining that 100% of the total performance rights should vest. The following table provides a five-year overview
                                                   of the vesting outcomes of long-term VR awards. Further details are provided in Section 4.4.
                                                   Plan Terms                                    2020                 2019                    2018                2017                  2016
                                                   Allocation date                             Feb 2021             Feb 2020                                   Dec 2017              Feb 2017           Corporate
                                                   Performance period                          4 years               4 years
                                                                                                                                          No Long-Term
                                                                                                                                                                4 years               4 years          Governance
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Statement
                                                   Date of testing                            Nov 2024              Nov 2023             VR awards were        Nov 2021              Nov 2020
                                                                                                                                            granted in
                                                   Number of Group Executives                                                            relation to the
                                                   (including the Group CEO)                       7                    5                 2019 LTVR Plan            5                    3
                                                   who held the award(5)
                                                   % of award vested                             100%                 100%                                       65.7%                  55.8%


                                                                                                                                                                                                           Risk
                                                   % of award lapsed                              0%                    0%                                       34.3%                  44.2%
                            (1) The Group scorecard outcome is expressed as the GPI, which is a key component in informing VR outcomes (refer to Section 3.2 where the mechanics of the Group



                                                                                                                                                                                                        management
                                Variable Reward Plan are explained).
                            (2) Excluding the Acting Group Executive, Business and Private Banking, Acting Group Chief Risk Officer, and outgoing Group Executive, Business and Private Banking.
                            (3) The VR outcome for each Acting Group Executive in respect of that role was prorated to reflect their time in that role, and was 110% of target opportunity (44% of
                                maximum opportunity) for the Acting Group Executive, Business and Private Banking and 92% of target opportunity (37% of maximum opportunity) for the Acting Group
                                Chief Risk Officer.
                            (4) Rachel Slade's Annual VR has been excluded from the outcomes outlined above. Her Annual VR was prorated for her time in the Group Executive, Business and Private
                                Banking role. Her Annual VR outcome was 23% of Annual VR target (17% of maximum Annual VR).
                            (5) Number of permanent Group Executives (including the Group CEO) who held the award and were a Group Executive on the vesting date of the awards.


                        Consequence application                                                                                                                                                           Report of


                                                                                                                                                                                                        the Directors
                        The Board applied consequence management in response to three risk matters considered during the year that relate to
                        matters that arose in prior performance periods. Consequences were applied to the Group CEO, in relation to his former role as
                        Group Executive, Business and Private Banking, and other current and former Group Executives in response to three risk matters
                        considered during the year.
                        Hardship: The Federal Court finding in August 2025 of breaches of the National Consumer Credit Protection Act 2009 (Cth) as a




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Financial report
                        result of failures to provide written responses to 345 hardship notices, which resulted in a $15.5 million civil penalty.
                        Common Reporting Standard: NAB's failure to comply with certain requirements under the Common Reporting Standard which
                        resulted in NAB receiving an administrative penalty from the Australian Tax Office in October 2024.
                        Payroll remediation: The issues contributing to NAB's ongoing payroll review and remediation program.
                        Downward adjustments (pausing and forfeiture) ranged from 2.5% to 58% of VR, with a total financial impact of approximately
                        $828,000 (of which approximately $218,000 are forfeitures of deferred VR and approximately $610,000 are awards that will be
                        paused while further investigations are undertaken).
                        •    Current executives: forfeiture of deferred VR with a total impact of $112,430 across three individuals, including the Group CEO in
                             relation to his former role as Group Executive, Business & Private Banking.
                        •    Former executives: pausing or forfeiture of deferred VR with a total impact of $716,425 ($106,088 forfeited and $610,337 paused)                                            Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                        information
                             across five individuals including the former Group CEO.



                            (1) Excluding the Acting Group Executive, Business and Private Banking and Acting Group Chief Risk Officer


                                                                                                                                                                          2025 Annual Report     105
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        The adjustments were made to deferred VR due to vest in November 2025. All outcomes were determined with reference to the
                        accountability for, severity, and impact of the relevant matter.

                        2.2 Executive appointments and exit arrangements

                        A number of changes to the Executive Leadership Team were announced in 2025. The table below outlines changes that
                        occurred during 2025.

                                                                                          Changes in 2025
                         Group Executive, Business and
                         Private Banking                                    Group Chief Financial Officer                    Group Chief Risk Officer

                         Andrew Auerbach was appointed as the               Nathan Goonan ceased to be Group CFO             Peter Whitelaw, Executive, Chief
                         new Group Executive, Business and Private          on 17 March 2025 and ceased employment           Resilience Risk Officer, was appointed as
                         Banking, succeeding Rachel Slade. He               on 16 September 2025. Shaun Dooley was           the Acting Group CRO on 18 March 2025 for
                         commenced on 16 June 2025. Rachel Slade            appointed as the Acting Group CFO from           the period of Shaun Dooley's appointment
                         ceased to be Group Executive, Business             18 March 2025.                                   as the Acting Group CFO.
                         and Private Banking on 17 March 2025 and
                         ceased employment on 1 July 2025. During
                         the period 18 March to 15 June 2025,
                         Michael Saadie acted as Group Executive,
                         Business and Private Banking.




For personal use only
                        The following table outlines the remuneration arrangements as a result of role changes in 2025.

                         Group Executive         Remuneration arrangement
                         Appointment:            •   Mr Auerbach was appointed as Group Executive, Business and Private Banking on 16 June 2025.
                         Andrew Auerbach         •   Effective from the date of appointment, Mr Auerbach's remuneration comprised of annual FR of $1,250,000, an
                                                     Annual VR target opportunity of 75% of FR (maximum opportunity of 100% of FR) and a maximum LTI opportunity of
                                                     140% of FR (comprising the LTEA component of 70% of FR and the LTVR component of 70% of FR).
                                                 •   Mr Auerbach participated in the FY25 Annual VR plan on a pro-rata basis, but did not receive an LTI award in
                                                     respect of the 2025 performance year.
                                                 •   A commencement award of $1,600,000 was granted to Mr Auerbach to compensate for the forfeiture of rights
                                                     and entitlements in relation to his prior role. The award is subject to continued employment, malus and clawback
                                                     provisions. The award is in restricted shares, vesting in three equal tranches in December 2026, December 2027
                                                     and December 2028.
                                                 •   Relocation assistance of $300,000 was provided to support his move to Australia.
                         Acting:                 •   Mr Dooley was appointed as Group Chief Financial Officer in an acting capacity effective 18 March 2025.
                         Shaun Dooley            •   There were no changes to Mr Dooley's remuneration during the acting appointment. Specifically, Mr Dooley's VR
                                                     opportunity as Group CRO (50% target opportunity) was not adjusted to align with that of the former Group CFO
                                                     (75% target opportunity).
                         Acting:                 •   Mr Saadie was appointed as Acting Group Executive, Business and Private Banking from 18 March to 15 June 2025,
                         Michael Saadie              before returning to his ongoing role of Executive, Private Wealth.
                                                 •   Mr Saadie’s annual FR, FY25 Annual VR target and AEA remained unchanged and was not adjusted during his
                                                     acting appointment.
                                                 •   Mr Saadie received an additional allowance of $50,000 per month during his acting appointment.
                                                 •   Mr Saadie was awarded an Annual VR outcome of $168,923 for the period he was in the acting role. All VR
                                                     attributable to that period will be deferred in line with CPS 511 requirements. Deferred VR will be allocated in the
                                                     form of shares rather than rights.
                                                 •   Mr Saadie did not participate in the Group Executive's LTI plan.
                         Acting:                 •   Mr Whitelaw was appointed as Acting Group CRO effective 18 March 2025.
                         Peter Whitelaw          •   Mr Whitelaw's annual FR, FY25 Annual VR and AEA remained unchanged and was not adjusted during the
                                                     acting appointment.
                                                 •   Mr Whitelaw received an additional allowance of $50,000 per month during his acting appointment.
                                                 •   Mr Whitelaw was awarded an Annual VR outcome of $181,105 for the period he was in the acting role. All VR
                                                     attributable to that period will be deferred in line with CPS 511 requirements. Deferred VR will be allocated in the
                                                     form of shares rather than rights.
                                                 •   Mr Whitelaw did not participate in the Group Executive's LTI plan.
                         Exit: Rachel Slade      •   Ms Slade ceased to be Group Executive, Business and Private Banking on 17 March 2025.
                                                 •   Ms Slade ceased employment with NAB effective 1 July 2025 following a transition period in an advisory function
                                                     providing support to the Group CEO.
                                                 •   Ms Slade remained eligible for a prorated FY25 Annual VR award, delivered in cash (60%) and deferred cash (40%),
                                                     vesting in two equal annual tranches in accordance with the terms of the plan.
                                                 •   The Board determined Ms Slade's allocation of FY25 LTI performance rights should be reduced by 25% in
                                                     recognition of her separation.
                                                 •   In accordance with the terms of NAB’s VR plans, Ms Slade retained all other unvested deferred short-
                                                     term and long-term VR awards. These awards remain subject to the relevant performance measures and
                                                     restriction periods.
                                                 •   On cessation, Ms Slade received a cash payment in respect of statutory entitlements, support to transition to
                                                     external opportunities and in recognition of her contribution to the Group. Payments made in connection with Ms
                                                     Slade’s cessation complied with the termination benefits regime in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).




                        106   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                         Group Executive    Remuneration arrangement
                         Exit:              •    Mr Goonan ceased to be Group CFO on 17 March 2025 and ceased employment with NAB effective 16 September
                         Nathan Goonan           2025 following a transition period.
                                            •    Mr Goonan did not participate in the FY25 Annual VR.                                                                             About

                                                                                                                                                                               this report
                                            •    All unvested deferred rights totalling 219,221 shares were forfeited on cessation of employment.


                        2.3 Executive remuneration in 2026

                         Feature                Description

                         Fixed                  No increase has been made to the FR of the Group CEO for 2026


                                                                                                                                                                               Our business
                         Remuneration           Five Group Executives will receive FR increases between 3.7% - 8.7% effective 1 January 2026, reflecting the
                                                accountabilities and responsibilities of their portfolios, experience in the role, and appropriate alignment to the
                                                Financial Services market.

                                                                                                                                                                                  in 2025
                         2026 LTI award         The Board assessed the Group CEO and all permanent Group Executives as having met the pre-grant individual
                         (LTEA and              performance, risk management and conduct assessments. Accordingly, the Board determined that each be
                         LTVR components)       awarded a 2026 LTI award, comprising the LTEA component and the LTVR component, each with a face value of 70%
                                                of FR (i.e., a total value of 140% of FR). The LTI award (LTEA and LTVR components) will be granted in December 2025.
                                                The actual value delivered to the Group CEO and each permanent Group Executive is subject to the level
                                                of achievement against the relevant four-year performance measures and may be zero if the performance




                                                                                                                                                                                 Creating value
                                                measures are not achieved.




For personal use only
                                                For the Group CEO, the 2026 LTI award comprising of the LTEA component (40,211 performance rights) and LTVR
                                                component (40,211 performance rights), based on NAB's weighted average share price of $43.52 over the last five
                                                trading days of the 2025 financial year, will be granted in December 2025 subject to shareholder approval at NAB's
                                                2025 AGM.




                                                                                                                                                                               Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                              Governance
                                                                                                                                                                               Statement




                                                                                                                                                                                  Risk

                                                                                                                                                                               management




                                                                                                                                                                                 Report of


                                                                                                                                                                               the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                 Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                Additional

                                                                                                                                                                               information




                                                                                                                                                2025 Annual Report      107
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        2.4 Key management personnel

                        The list of NAB's Key Management Personnel (KMP) is assessed each year and comprises the non-executive directors of NAB, the
                        Group CEO (an executive director of NAB) and the Group Executives who have authority and responsibility for planning, directing
                        and controlling the activities of both NAB and the Group. The KMP during 2025 were:

                                                                                                                                                                                 Term as
                         Name                            Position                                                                                                                KMP
                         Non-executive directors
                         Philip Chronican                Chair                                                                                                                   Full year
                         Alison Kitchen                  Director                                                                                                                Full year
                         Ann Sherry                      Director                                                                                                                Full year
                         Carolyn Kay                     Director                                                                                                                Full year
                         Christine Fellowes              Director                                                                                                                Full year
                         Kathryn Fagg                    Director                                                                                                                Full year
                         Simon McKeon                    Director                                                                                                                Full year
                         Warwick Hunt                    Director (from 2 December 2024)                                                                                         Part year




For personal use only
                         Former non-executive directors
                         Anne Loveridge                  Director (to 18 December 2024)                                                                                          Part year
                         Douglas McKay                   Director (to 18 December 2024)                                                                                          Part year
                         Group CEO
                         Andrew Irvine                   Group CEO                                                                                                               Full year
                         Group Executives
                         Ana Marinkovic                  Group Executive, Personal Banking                                                                                       Full year
                         Andrew Auerbach                 Group Executive, Business and Private Banking (from 16 June 2025)                                                       Part year
                         Cathryn Carver                  Group Executive, Corporate and Institutional Banking                                                                    Full year
                         Daniel Huggins(1)               Managing Director and CEO, Bank of New Zealand                                                                          Full year
                         Leslie Matheson                 Group Chief Operating Officer                                                                                           Full year
                         Patrick Wright                  Group Executive, Technology and Enterprise Operations                                                                   Full year
                         Sarah White                     Group Executive, People and Culture                                                                                     Full year
                         Sharon Cook                     Group Executive, Customer and Corporate Services                                                                        Full year
                         Shaun Dooley                    Group Chief Risk Officer (to 17 March 2025)                                                                             Full year
                                                         Acting Group Chief Financial Officer (from 18 March 2025)
                         Acting Group Executives
                         Michael Saadie                  Acting Group Executive, Business and Private Banking (from 18 March 2025 to 15 June 2025)                               Part year
                         Peter Whitelaw                  Acting Group Chief Risk Officer (from 18 March 2025)                                                                    Part year
                         Former Group Executives
                         Nathan Goonan                   Group Chief Financial Officer (to 17 March 2025)                                                                        Part year
                         Rachel Slade                    Group Executive, Business and Private Banking (to 17 March 2025)                                                        Part year
                         (1) All matters relating to the remuneration of Daniel Huggins including VR, have been approved by the BNZ Board as required under BNZ's Conditions of Registration which
                             are set by the Reserve Bank of New Zealand.




                        108   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        Section 3 - Our 2025 executive variable remuneration plans
                        The 2025 executive remuneration framework is underpinned by our remuneration principles outlined in Section 1.1. The executive

                                                                                                                                                                                       About
                        remuneration
                            Maximum framework incorporates remuneration deferral arrangements to ensure shareholder alignment. A proportion
                                                      33%                         13%          8%               23%                       23%
                        ofopportunity
                           remuneration is deferred in the form of equity for up to six years for the CEO and five years for Group Executives, to

                                                                                                                                                                                    this report
                        encourage
                              Targetlong-term decisions that create sustainable value for customers and shareholders. The key aspects of the executive
                                                        35%                        10%       7%               24%                        24%
                        remuneration framework seek to:
                         opportunity

                        •     maintain a strong   focus
                                           Base salary pluson  individual performance,
                                                            superannuation                conduct and
                                                                               Annual VR Cash         management
                                                                                                   Annual VR             of financial
                                                                                                             Deferred Equity     LTVR and LTEA
                                                                                                                                         non-financial risks;
                        •     drive short and long-term performance, sustainable shareholder growth and a focus on customer outcomes; and
                        •     provide mechanisms to ensure remuneration outcomes will be commensurate with performance and risk outcomes.


                                                                                                                                                                                    Our business
                        All VR (unvested, vested or paid) is subject to malus and clawback. Refer to Section 5.3 for more detail.
                              Maximum
                                                            29%                         17%                 12%                          21%                21%
                        3.1 Remuneration mix
                         opportunity


                                                                                                                                                                                       in 2025
                                 Target
                                                              32%                         14%              10%                         22%                 22%
                        The  remuneration mix for the Group CEO, permanent Group Executives and Group CRO at maximum and target opportunity
                         opportunity
                        delivers approximately 65%-70% of total remuneration as variable and ‘at risk’ remuneration, with VR weighted more heavily to
                                        Base salary plus superannuation Annual VR Cash  Annual VR Deferred Equity LTVR       LTEA
                        the long-term components. The actual remuneration mix for the Group CEO and each permanent Group Executive is subject to
                        Group and individual performance each year.




                                                                                                                                                                                      Creating value




For personal use only
                        Group CEO


                                                            29%                         17%                 12%                          21%                21%
                              Maximum
                            opportunity
                                                        2,500,000                    1,500,000           1,000,000                 1,750,000             1,750,000

                                                                                                      8,500,000


                                Target
                                                              32%                         14%              10%                         22%                 22%                      Corporate
                              Maximum
                                                                                                                                                                                   Governance
                            opportunity                        33%                         13%           8%                       23%                      23%
                            opportunity                    2,500,000                   1,125,000        750,000                  1,750,000              1,750,000

                                Target
                                                                  35%                          10%     7%
                                                                                                      7,875,000                  24%                      24%                       Statement
                            opportunity
                                            Base salary plus superannuation   Annual VR Cash         Annual VR Deferred Equity           LTVR    LTEA
                                            Base salary plus superannuation   Annual VR Cash         Annual VR Deferred Equity           LTVR    LTEA

                        Permanent Group Executives

                                                                                                                                                                                       Risk
                              Maximum

                                                                                                                                                                                    management
                                                            29%                         17%                    12%                       21%                21%
                            opportunity

                                Target
                                                              32%                         14%              10%                         22%                 22%
                            opportunity

                                            Base salary plus superannuation   Annual VR Cash         Annual VR Deferred Equity           LTVR    LTEA




                                                                                                                                                                                      Report of
                        Group CRO


                              Maximum
                            opportunity
                                                              33%                         13%             8%                      23%                     23%                       the Directors
                                                            29%                         17%                    12%                       21%               21%
                              Maximum
                            opportunity
                                Target
                                                               35%
                                                         2,500,000                         10%
                                                                                     1,500,000          7%1,000,000          24%1,750,000                 24%
                                                                                                                                                         1,750,000
                            opportunity




                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial report
                                            Base salary plus superannuation   Annual VR Cash           8,500,000
                                                                                                     Annual VR Deferred Equity           LTVR    LTEA

                                                              32%                         14%              10%                         22%                 22%
                                Target
                            opportunity
                                                           2,500,000                   1,125,000         750,000                 1,750,000              1,750,000
                              Maximum
                                                           29%                          17%                 12%                          21%                21%
                            opportunity                                                                7,875,000

                                Target      Base salary plus superannuation   Annual VR Cash         Annual VR Deferred Equity            LTVR   LTEA
                                                               32%                        14%             10%                          22%                 22%
                            opportunity



                                                                                                                                                                                     Additional
                                            Base salary plus superannuation   Annual VR Cash         Annual VR Deferred Equity           LTVR    LTEA




                                                                                                                                                                                    information


                                                           29%                          17%                 12%                          21%                21%
                          Maximum
                        opportunity                                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report   109
                                                        2,500,000                    1,500,000           1,000,000                 1,750,000             1,750,000
                             Remuneration Report (cont.)




                             3.2 Annual variable reward

                             The table below outlines the key features of the Annual VR plan for the Group CEO and Group Executives.

                              Feature                 Description
                              Purpose                 Annual VR rewards the Group CEO and Group Executives for delivery of annual goals that drive long-term sustainable
ations                                                performance. It provides an appropriate level of remuneration that varies based on the Board’s determination of
                                                      Group and individual performance over the financial year measured against agreed targets for financial and non-
                                                      financial measures that are set to drive delivery of the Group's strategy. The plan is not wholly formulaic. Judgement
                                                      is applied through qualitative assessment as determined by the Board.
                              Annual VR               Individual Annual VR awards for the Group CEO and Group Executives(1) are calculated as follows(2):
                              calculation
                                                               Target                                            Group Scorecard                                                            Individual Scorecard
                                                             Opportunity                                   Group Performance Indicators                                                   Individual Performance
                                                                                                             + Qualitative Assessment                                                       + Individual Modiﬁer
                                                                   FR                             Key financial and                             Risk Modifier                        Individual                     Risk
                                                                    x                              non-financial                                 Quality of                         performance               Employee Conduct
                                                           Annual VR target %                   measures to deliver                             performance                          measures                   Who We Are
                                                                                                the Group’s strategy




     For personal use only
                                                      Discretionary adjustments: Annual VR is discretionary and will vary in line with Group and individual performance and
                                                      available funding. The Board may determine any amount be awarded from zero up to the maximum VR opportunity.
                                                      The Group CEO's scorecard, assessment and outcomes for 2025 are provided in Section 4.1.
                              Annual VR               Position                                                                        Target opportunity(3)                                     Maximum opportunity(3)
                              opportunity
                                                      Group CEO and permanent Group                                                               75% of FR                                             100% of FR
                                                      Executives (excluding Shaun Dooley
                                                      and Peter Whitelaw)
                                                      Shaun Dooley (Group Chief                                                                  50% of FR                                              65% of FR
                                                      Risk Officer and Acting Chief
                                                      Financial Officer)
                              Group                   Group performance is assessed on achievement of financial and non-financial measures (GPI) linked to the Group's
kdown                         performance             key strategic priorities, overlaid by a qualitative assessment. The qualitative assessment may result in the outcome
                                                      being adjusted upwards or downwards (including to zero) for risk, quality of performance (including consideration
                                                      of financial and customer outcomes, sustainability matters, and progress made against strategy) and any other
                                                      matters as determined by the Board.
                              Individual              Individual performance is assessed against a scorecard comprised of key financial and non-financial goals. The
                              performance             weighting of measures reflects the responsibilities for each individual's role. The Group CEO's 2025 scorecard is
                              and measures            aligned to the GPI.

                                                                Group CEO                                             50%                                                           30%                     10%            10%

                                                          Group Executives                  20%                                20%                                20%                     20%                      20%

                                                                                 Financial                Leading customer advocacy                       Customer obsessed colleagues          Risk*       Strategic priorities
                                                                             *The Board’s assessment of the Group CEO’s risk outcome is applied as an Individual Modifier.

                                                      Individual performance modifiers: The Board considers three individual performance modifiers which may result in
                                                      an adjustment to an individuals’ performance and VR outcomes:
                                                      •     Risk: the individual's management of risk and compliance.
                                                      •     Employee conduct: individual performance and VR outcomes may be reduced where expected standards of
                                                            conduct are not met.
                                                      •     Who We Are: the individual's demonstration of NAB’s values.
                              Award                   Annual VR is delivered as a combination of cash and deferred rights. The cash component of Annual VR is paid
ly 2025 © Principals
                              delivery and            following the performance year to which it relates.
                              deferral                Deferred rights will be granted in December 2025 and are scheduled to vest pro-rata over two years from grant.
                                                      Deferred rights are granted and may vest at the Board's discretion, subject to the relevant plan rules including malus
                                                      and clawback provisions.
                                                      A dividend equivalent payment for any vested deferred rights is paid at the end of each deferral period.
                              Separation              If the Group CEO or a Group Executive resigns, they will not receive any Annual VR for that year and any unvested
                                                      deferred rights will be forfeited.
                                                      Unvested awards may be retained on separation in other circumstances prior to the end of the vesting period. The
                                                      Board retains discretion to determine a different treatment. Vesting of any unvested awards retained will generally
                                                      not be accelerated and will continue to be held by the individual on the same terms.
                              Board                   The Board has extensive discretion in respect of the Annual VR awarded. Further detail on governance of Annual VR is
                              discretion              outlined in Section 5.2.
                              (1) All remuneration matters for Daniel Huggins, CEO and Managing Director, BNZ, including scorecard measures and performance assessment, were approved by the
                                  BNZ Board in line with its Conditions of Registration set by the Reserve Bank of New Zealand. Daniel Huggins’ Annual VR is calculated as VR Target Opportunity x (25%
                                  Group performance + 75% BNZ performance) x Individual Performance Score. BNZ performance is assessed across leading customer advocacy, customer obsessed
                                  colleagues, safe growth, financial and risk measures, with no weightings applied. The assessed overall BNZ performance for 2025 was 105%.
                              (2) Where a Group Executive had a change in role, the annual VR is prorated to reflect the different roles.
                              (3) The target and maximum Annual VR opportunity for the Acting Group Executives were different because they did not change in connection with their
                                  acting appointment.




July 2025 © Principals
                             110   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        3.3 Long-Term Incentive

                         The Long-Term Incentive (LTI) is comprised of two equally weighted components of remuneration which together provide material weight
                                                                                                                                                                                       About
                         to financial and non-financial measures in compliance with APRA requirements. These two components are the Long-Term Equity Award
                         (LTEA) and Long-Term Variable Award (LTVR).

                                                                                                                                                                                    this report
                         The LTI is awarded to the Group CEO and permanent Group Executives through the process described below.

                                                                                                                                           4. What happens
                             1. How is the LTI grant
                                                                    2. How is the outcome of the LTI assessed?                             at the end of the
                               value determined?
                                                                                                                                          restriction period?

                           The value of performance          LTEA Component                        LTVR Component                      Vested performance rights

                                                                                                                                                                                    Our business
                           rights granted to the             Subject to a non-financial            Subject to a financial              are subject to a restriction
                           Group CEO and Group               performance measure:                  performance measure:                period. At the end of the

                                                                                                                                                                                       in 2025
                           Executives at the start of                                                                                  restriction period, vested
                                                             NAB Group meeting or                  NAB’s TSR performance
                           each performance year                                                                                       performance rights are
                                                             exceeding risk expectations           relative to the peer group as
                           is determined by the              and maintaining an acceptable         calculated by an independent        exercised and holders
                           individualʼs performance          level of risk exposure within         provider.                           receive shares.
                           in the preceding year.            the agreed appetite levels for                                            For the Group CEO:
                           In assessing the grant                                                  TSR measures the return that a
                                                             risks specific to NAB Group.          shareholder receives through        • 1/3 of vested performance




                                                                                                                                                                                      Creating value
                           value, the Board considers




For personal use only
                                                             Over the four-year performance        dividends (and any other                  rights are exercised
                           individual performance
                                                             period, the Group CRO will            distributions) together with              immediately upon vesting.
                           and risk and conduct
                                                             provide an annual assessment          capital gains over a specific       • 1/3 of vested performance
                           outcomes, as well as the
                                                             of NAB’s risk outcome. The            period.                                   rights are subject to an
                           severity and impact of any
                                                             assessment considers the              For the purposes of calculating           additional 1-year restriction
                           events.
                                                             risk factors relevant to each         TSR over the performance                  period.
                           Performance                       financial year as presented in        period, the value of the relevant   • 1/3 of vested performance
                                                             the Risk Management section of        shares on the start date and the          rights are subject to an
                           Individual performance of
                                                             the Annual Report.                    end date of the performance               additional 2-year restriction
                           the Group CEO and Group
                                                                                                                                                                                    Corporate
                                                             The Board will assess the risk        period are based on the                   period.
                           Executives as measured by
                                                             outcomes of each year in the          volume weighted average             For Group Executives:
                           their achievement
                           of performance against            four-year performance period          price of those shares over          • 1/2 of vested performance               Governance
                                                             and determine a vesting               the 30 trading days up to and           rights are exercised
                                                                                                                                                                                    Statement
                           scorecard.
                                                             outcome for the LTEA.                 including the relevant date.            immediately upon vesting.
                           Risk
                                                             Determination of the LTEA                                                 • 1/2 of vested performance
                           The Group CEO and Group                                                                                         rights are subject to an
                                                             outcome is not formulaic
                           Executives’ individual risk                                                                                     additional 1-year restriction
                                                             but instead outcomes are
                           performance as measured by                                                                                      period.
                                                             determined by reference to

                                                                                                                                                                                       Risk
                           risk matters relevant to the      consideration of all relevant                                             Prior to the end of the
                           individual and the level of       performance, risk and conduct                                             relevant restriction period,
                           impact these events had on        outcomes.                                                                 the Board will assess

                                                                                                                                                                                    management
                           the NAB Group for prior                                                                                     individually the Group CEO
                           financial years.                                                                                            and Group Executives’
                           Conduct                                  3. How does individual outcome impact                              performance and any risk
                                                                               the LTI vesting?                                        and conduct outcomes to
                           The Group CEO and Group
                                                                                                                                       determine whether the
                           Executives’ individual                                                                                      restricted performance
                                                             Individual assessment
                           conduct performance as

                                                                                                                                                                                      Report of
                                                             Over the performance period, the Group CEO and Group Executives           rights should be exercised
                           measured by conduct                                                                                         and whether any downward
                           matters relevant to the           are assessed individually on their performance, risk and conduct
                                                             outcomes. The Board will consider the Group CEO and Group                 adjustment is required.


                                                                                                                                                                                    the Directors
                           individual and the level of
                           impact these events had on        Executives’ individual annual outcomes against their scorecards,
                           the NAB Group for prior           and annual risk outcomes as presented in the risk reports produced
                           financial years.                  by the Group CRO.
                                                             Based on this information, the Board will determine whether
                                                             discretion should be applied to adjust downwards the Group CEO and




                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial report
                                                             Group Executives’ LTI outcome, potentially down to zero if necessary.


                           Outcome                           Outcome                                                                   Outcome
                           The Group CEO and Group           • The number of performance rights to vest will depend on the            The number of shares which
                           Executives may receive an            final outcome of each performance measure. The number of               are received may differ from
                           LTEA award up to a                   performance rights vesting will not exceed the number granted at       the number of performance
                           maximum of 70% of FR and             the start of the performance period.                                   rights that ultimately
                           an LTVR award up to a             • While the LTEA and LTVR outcome are assessed at a Group level,         vested at the end of the
                           maximum of 70% of FR.                individual outcomes may vary due to assessment of individual           performance period

                                                                                                                                                                                     Additional
                                                                performance, risk and conduct outcomes and any downwards               should the Board exercise its
                                                                adjustment as a result.                                                discretion to adjust the

                                                                                                                                                                                    information
                                                                                                                                       number downwards or
                                                                                                                                       the individual ceases
                                                                                                                                       employment during the
                                                                                                                                       relevant restriction period.


                                                                                                                                                  2025 Annual Report         111
                              Remuneration Report (cont.)




                               Individual performance, risk management, and conduct (Who We Are) considerations are set out in our risk management and
                               conduct framework in Section 5.3. The table below details the key features of the 2025 LTI award for the Group CEO and permanent
                               Group Executives.
                               Feature              Description
                               Purpose              The LTI award (comprising the LTEA and LTVR components) is granted by the Board to encourage long-term decision
                                                    making critical to creating long-term value for shareholders. The LTI is determined and awarded independently from
                                                    Annual VR decisions.
                               Participants         Group CEO and permanent Group Executives as determined by the Board.
                               Award value          The maximum face value of the LTI award granted is 140% of FR for the Group CEO and permanent Group Executives, with
                                                    the LTEA and LTVR components being weighted equally (i.e., each 70% of FR).
                                                    The actual value of the LTI award granted to the participant is determined by the Board based on the pre-
                                                    grant assessment.
                               Instrument           The LTI award (comprising the LTEA and LTVR components) is provided as performance rights.
                                                    Each vested performance right entitles its holder to receive one NAB share upon exercise.
                               Grant date           The 2025 LTI award (comprised of LTEA and LTVR components) was granted on 19 December 2024.
                               Allocation           The number of performance rights granted was calculated by dividing the LTEA and LTVR award face value by NAB's
                               approach             weighted average share price over the last five trading days of the preceding financial year. The weighted average
                                                    share price used for the 2025 awards, which were allocated on 19 December 2024 was $38.11.
                               Performance          Four years from 15 November 2024 to 15 November 2028.
                               period




     For personal use only
                               Assessment           The LTEA and LTVR components are assessed against their respective performance measures(1) over the performance
                               of                   period to determine the number of performance rights that are eligible for vesting.
                               performance
                               measures
                                                                                               Long-term Incentive (LTI)
                                                     LTVR                                                         LTEA
                                                     The LTVR component is tested by assessing NAB’s TSR          The risk management measure is a non-financial
                                                     performance relative to the peer group as calculated         measure that tests whether NAB meets or exceeds risk
                                                     by an independent provider.                                  expectations and maintains an acceptable level of risk
                                                     TSR measures the return that a shareholder receives          exposure within the agreed appetite levels for risks
                                                     through dividends (and any other distributions)              specific to the Group over the performance period.
                                                     together with capital gains over a specific period.          Over the four-year performance period, the Group
                                                     For the purposes of calculating TSR over the                 CRO will provide an annual assessment of NAB’s risk
                                                     performance period, the value of the relevant shares         outcome. The assessment considers the risk factors
                                                     on the start date and the end date of the performance        relevant to each financial year as presented in the Risk
                                                     period are based on the volume weighted average              Management section of the Annual Report.
                                                     price of those shares over the 30 trading days up to         Each year, the Group CRO will determine whether NAB
                                                     and including the relevant date.                             has failed to meet, met or exceeded expectations in
                                                     NAB’s TSR over the performance period is measured            terms of the Group’s risk outcome. The Board will
                                                     against the TSR of each company in the TSR peer              assess the risk outcomes of each year in the four-year
                                                     group to determine the level of vesting:                     performance period and determine a vesting outcome
                                                                                                                  for the LTEA.

                                                     NAB's relative TSR outcome         Level of vesting          Assessment       Assessment of risk outcome
                             Assessment of                                                                        year
                             performance
                                                     At or above 75th percentile        100%                      Year 1           Not met, met, or exceeded expectations
                             measures
                                                     Between 50th and                   Pro-rata vesting          Year 2           Not met, met, or exceeded expectations
                                                     75th percentiles                   from 50% to 100%
                                                                                                              +
                                                     At 50th percentile                 50%                       Year 3           Not met, met, or exceeded expectations
                                                     Below 50th percentile              0%                        Year 4           Not met, met, or exceeded expectations
                                                                                                                  4-year overall Not met, met, or exceeded
                                                                                                                  assessment     expectations

                                                     The TSR peer group is AMP Limited, Australia and New         If the outcome for two of the years in the performance
                                                     Zealand Banking Group Limited, Bank of Queensland            period was ‘failed to meet’ expectations, and two of
                                                     Limited, Bendigo and Adelaide Bank Limited,                  the years in the performance period was ‘exceeded
                                                     Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Insurance Australia          expectations’, this does not necessarily offset and
                                                     Group Limited, Macquarie Group Limited, Medibank             result in a 100% vesting outcome.
                                                     Private Limited, NIB Holdings Limited, QBE Insurance         The LTEA outcome is not determined formulaically but
                                                     Group, Suncorp Group Limited and Westpac Banking             an approach is taken to ensure all elements of risk are
                                                     Corporation.                                                 considered. The Board will consider the impact of
                                                                                                                  each of the risk events (if any) and apply judgement in
                                                                                                                  determining the final outcome.
ls                             Value of final       The final value delivered to each participant is determined by the number of performance rights that ultimately vest
                               outcome              following testing, the number of vested performance rights which are exercised subject to individual performance,
                                                    risk and conduct assessment, and NAB's share price at the time of exercise.




                              112   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                                                The final value may be zero if performance measures are not achieved, or if the Board exercises its discretion to
                                                adjust any outcomes to zero.
                         Dividends              No dividends are paid throughout the performance period. A dividend equivalent payment is paid for any vested

                                                                                                                                                                                                                 About
                                                performance rights for the period between vesting and exercise.
                         Separation             The treatment of performance rights will depend on the reason for separation:

                                                                                                                                                                                                              this report
                                                •   Resignation: performance rights will be forfeited in full
                                                •   All other circumstances including retrenchment and retirement: the performance rights will be retained in full
                                                    unless otherwise determined by the Board in its absolute discretion
                                                                                                                                          (2)




                                                Any performance rights a participant continues to hold will remain subject to the relevant performance measure, with
                                                the measure being tested in accordance with the normal timetable.
                         Board                  The Board has extensive discretion in respect of the LTEA and LTVR, including the initial value granted, the number of

                                                                                                                                                                                                              Our business
                         discretion             performance rights that vest, and any forfeiture or clawback applied. Further detail is provided in Section 5.2.
                         (1) Suncorp Group Limited remained a part of the TSR comparator group as the banking function was not considered a major part of its business. The appropriateness of



                                                                                                                                                                                                                 in 2025
                             its inclusion in the TSR comparator group will be reviewed in 2026.
                         (2) For example, if a participant retires prior to the end of the financial year in which the performance rights are granted, generally the Board will exercise its discretion to
                             allow the participant to retain a pro-rata portion of the performance rights reflecting the proportion of the LTI performance period served when the retirement occurs.


                        3.4 Sustainability within our remuneration framework
                        We are lifting NAB’s ambition to be the most customer-centric company in Australia and New Zealand. We want customers who
                        trust us and choose us to be their bank and colleagues who are customer obsessed and proud to work at NAB. For us to




                                                                                                                                                                                                                Creating value




For personal use only
                        achieve this, we are relationship-led and aim to be more proactive with unrivalled customer service. Our focus on being safe and
                        sustainable continues. We demonstrate this through our continued focus on our sustainability commitments such as focus on
                        risk, strong balance sheet and capital.
                        For specific Group Executives, sustainability-related measures are included within their individual performance scorecards,
                        including progress against NAB’s environmental finance goal, and progress against existing 2030 sector decarbonisation targets.
                        Colleagues' individual performance measures may also contain sustainability goals and performance indicators where relevant
                        to their roles (for example, within teams focused on executing the Group’s climate strategy).
                        Individual performance modifiers for Risk and Who We Are (conduct and values) may consider the Group Executive's achievement
                        of sustainability related matters and therefore may influence final assessed performance.                                                                                             Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Governance
                        The governance and oversight of how these sustainability measures are set, reviewed and linked to the Group CEO and
                        Group Executives' remuneration outcomes are in accordance with the Group's governance and oversight framework outlined
                        in Section 5.1.                                                                                                                                                                       Statement

                        Sustainability priorities within our performance framework
                        Further information on NAB’s approach to managing climate change and other sustainability related matters is provided in NAB’s
                        2025 Annual Report and the Climate Report.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Risk

                                                                                                                                                                                                              management




                                                                                                                                                                                                                Report of


                                                                                                                                                                                                              the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                                                Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                                               Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                              information




                                                                                                                                                                             2025 Annual Report       113
                             Remuneration Report (cont.)




                             Section 4 - Remuneration outcomes
                             4.1 Group CEO's performance

                             The table below shows the key 2025 performance measures for the Group CEO and Group Executives. The Board's assessment of
                             the Group CEO's performance is aligned to the Group's performance as informed by the GPI, while considering risk and individual
                             conduct matters which may be applied to modify the final remuneration outcome.
                             The GPI is linked to the Group's key strategic priorities having regard to both financial and non-financial performance. The
                             Board’s evaluation of the GPI incorporates a comprehensive qualitative assessment of risk and performance. This includes
                             consideration of financial results, sustainability initiatives, customer outcomes, environmental and social impacts, and progress
                             against strategic objectives, as well as any other factors    the Board deems relevant. As part of our robust governance, the Board
                                                                                         CEO Scorecard

                             retains the discretion to adjust the GPI outcome in response to unsatisfactory risk management or conduct issues. The Group
                             Chief Risk Officer conducts a thorough review of the Group’s risk practices, presenting findings to both the Board and the Board
                             Risk & Compliance Committee for further consideration.
                                                                                                                                                                Market Share                             TMS          C
                             After evaluating the quality and sustainability of earnings, the Board decided to reduce the overall financial performance
                             outcome by 2% to account for the net impact of certain one-off items following a qualitative         assessment of earnings. As a result
                                                                                                                  Outcome range: 0.6x - 1.1x
                             of this assessment, the Board determined that the GPI for 2025 was achieved at 92%Target
                                                                                                                    of the    target.
                                                                                                                        range: 0.8x - 1.2x


                             Group CEO performance outcome




For personal use only
                             The Board has considered the performance of the Group CEO in line with NAB's group performance, risk, and conduct frameworks.
                             2025 marks Mr Irvine's first full year as Group CEO, with performance outcomes reflecting his tenure and developing
                                                                                                                   Customer                      experience
                                                                                                                                              Gender        in
                                                                                                                                                      Equality
                             the role.

             CEO Scorecard                                                                                                                                                                    *Outcomes above
                                                                                                                                                                                              target indicate
                                                                                                                                                                        Target*               outperformance
                                 Goal, objective and assessment                                                               Weighting                     Scorecard outcome                      Outcome(1)
                                                        Market
                                 Financial: Deliver attractive   Sharesafe growth and the
                                                               returns,                                      TMS                                           Colleague Engagement
                                 financial plan                                                                                                                 Cash Earnings                        Customer MFI

                                 Financial performance  was range:
                                                     Outcome   above      plan.
                                                                     0.6x - 1.1x The Group's balance
                                                                                                                                      20%                                                            20.2%
                                 sheet maintained good   momentum
                                                      Target range:          with strong liquidity through
                                                                    0.8x - 1.2x                                                                                    Outcome: $6,876m
                                 2025 and increasing market share.                                                                                                  Target: $6,847m

                                 •
                             Cash earnings (expected loss basis)(2) of $6,876m million
                             was $29m or 0.4% favourable to plan. Financial performance
                             reflected balance sheet momentum, a stronger net interest
               CEO Scorecard margin and a lower effective
                                                 Customer tax rate than plan, partially
                                                                                 Gender Equality                                                                      ROTAE
                             offset by lower other operating income and higher
                             operating expenses.                                                                   20%                                                                               19.4%
                                                                                       NAB2358 NAB REM Charts | July 2025 © Principals
                                                                                                                                                                  Outcome: 11.33%
                                 •      Return on total allocated equity (expected loss basis)(3)                                                                  Target: 11.51%
                                        of 11.33% was 18 basis points unfavourable to plan,
                                                            Market Share                            TMS                                                    Colleague Engagement
                                        reflecting higher allocated equity partially offset by higher
                                                                                                  CEO Scorecard
                                        cash earnings.
                                 •      Quality of earningsOutcome
                                                            assessment
                                                                   range: 0.6x -for
                                                                                 1.1x certain one-off items.                                                                                         -2.0%
                                                                 Target range: 0.8x - 1.2x
                                 •      NAB achieved greaterCash    Earnings
                                                                Market                             Customer MFI
                                                                            Share(4) growth in deposits                                                         Customer NPS
                                        than major bank peers (above target). Business lending was                                                              Market Share                              TMS         C
                                        broadly in line with target and maintained our market leading
                                                              Outcome: $x,xxxm                                   10%                                                                                 10.3%
                                        position. While we improved       our mix of home loans originated
                                                               Target: $x,xxxm                                                                               Outcome range: -0.12% to 0.33%
                                        via our proprietary channel, overall Home Lending growth was
                                                               Customer
                                        below market (and target).                                Gender Equality                                                      ROTAE
                                                                                                                                                              Target range: -0.06% to 0.14%


                                 Leading Customer Advocacy: Customers trust us to meet their
                                 needs and make their lives easier                                                                                                 Outcome: xx.xx%
                                                                                                                                                                    Target: xx.xx%
                               Aligned to our customer ambition of sustained advocacy
                               leadership and primacy in relationships, customer targets                                                                           Customer                         Gender Equality
                               are a combination of absolute NPS(5) improvement, NPS rank
              NAB2358 NAB REM Charts | July 2025 © Principals


                               compared to peers and improvement in Main Financial Institution
                               (MFI(6)) share.
                                                              Cash Earnings           Customer MFI                                                              Customer NPS
                               Overall customer NPS results were mixed:
                                                                                                                                      30%                                                            22.5%
                                 •      4 (Mass Consumer , Micro and Small Business , Medium
                                                                 (7)                          (8)

                                        and Large Business(9)Outcome:
                                                                and Large      Corporate & Institutional)
                                                                         $x,xxxm
                                                                Target: $x,xxxm
                                        of 5 segments improved from baseline, with HNW & Mass
                                        Affluent(10) declining.                                                                                                 Cash Earnings                        Customer MFI
                                 •      NAB is #1 for Medium and Large Business NPS. C&IB overall
                                        Market, Micro and Small Business, and Mass Consumer rank
                                                                                                                                                                  Outcome: $x,xxxm
                                        #2 and HNW & Mass Affluent rank #4.                                                                                        Target: $x,xxxm
                                 •      Consumer and Business MFI share results were below target.
               NAB2358 NAB REM Charts | July 2025 © Principals




                                                                                                         NAB2358 NAB REM Charts | July 2025 © Principals




                             114         National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report  (cont.)
                                         CEO Scorecard



         CEO Scorecard


                                                                                                                  Market Share                            TMS             Colleague Engagement

                         Customer Obsessed Colleagues: Customer obsessed
                                               Market
                         colleagues who are proud      Share
                                                  to work at NAB         Outcome TMS
                                                                                 range: 0.6x - 1.1x                                              Colleague Engagement
                                                                                                                  Target range: 0.8x - 1.2x 5%                                    4.7%
                         •    Colleague engagement remains stable and above Top
                                                                                                                                                                                                               About
                              Quartile(11) Benchmark.
                                                  Outcome range: 0.6x - 1.1x
                                                           Target range: 0.8x - 1.2x
                         •    Engagement Index measure (drivers of eSat, Belonging,

                                                                                                                                                                                                            this report
                              Recommend, Wellbeing) was baselined at top quartile.
                         •                                                        Customer
                              Gender representation of women in Leadership (Group 4 – 6)                                                            Gender Equality                   ROTAE
                              was below target, however, continues to improve.                                                            5%                                      4.0%
                         Targets were not fully met due  to slower than expectedGender
                                                   Customer                       progress
                                                                                         Equality                                                        ROTAE                     Outcome: xx.xx%
                         on leadership diversity and colleague experience metrics,                                                                                                  Target: xx.xx%
                         despite engagement remaining     at top quartile levels.
                                                   CEO Scorecard
                                                                                                                                                      Outcome: xx.xx%


                                                                                                                                                                                                            Our business
                         Strategic Priorities: Deliver with focus and discipline on our                                                                Target: xx.xx%
                         Group Strategy including through gradual elimination of complex
                         and ageing technology


                                                                                                                                                                                                               in 2025
                                                                                   Cash Earnings                                                     Customer MFI             Customer NPS
                         • The Technology Modernisation Score (TMS) reductionMarket target Share                                                         TMS              Colleague Engagement
                            for 2025 was 9.2% of the technology estate, a 12.2% reduction
                                                                                                      10%                                                                        13.0%
                            was delivered, exceeding
                                                 Cash target.
                                                        Earnings                   Customer
                                                                                     Outcome:     MFI
                                                                                              $x,xxxm                                               Customer NPS
                                                                             Outcome   range:
                                                                                  Target:     0.6x - 1.1x
                                                                                          $x,xxxm
                         •    The decommissioning of legacy assets and modernisation
                                                                              Target range: 0.8x - 1.2x
                              of platforms like Everyday  Banking,
                                                     Outcome: $x,xxxm nabtrade, and the
                              New Payments PlatformTarget:
                                                        have   reduced technology risks
                                                            $x,xxxm
                              and vulnerabilities.




                                                                                                                                                                                                              Creating value




For personal use only
                         Qualitative assessment                                                                                                                                Outcome
                         Risk modifier:                                                                             Customer                        Gender Equality                 ROTAE
                                                                NAB2358 NAB REM Charts | July 2025 © Principals

                         Regulatory, breach management, progress on matters of interest, losses associated with operational events
                         and remediation costs, reputation.                                                                                                                    Achieved
                                                                                                                                                                                  Outcome: xx.xx%
         NAB2358 NAB REM Charts | July 2025 © Principals                                                                                                                            Target: xx.xx%
                         The Group CEO has continued to lead the delivery of expected risk outcomes, with a strong 'tone from the top'
                         approach to managing risk within NAB.
                         Who We Are modifier: Individual conduct and demonstration of NAB's behaviours
                         The Group CEO has demonstrated a learning orientation and adaptive leadership mindset through the                                                     Achieved

                                                                                                                                                                                                            Corporate
                         guidance of the Board and in line with our expected WhoCash
                                                                                 We Are behaviours.
                                                                                     Earnings                 Customer MFI                                                      Customer NPS
                         Outcome                                                                                                                                                  92%
                         The Group CEO's overall outcome was assessed as Achieved     reflecting
                                                                                  Outcome: $x,xxxm his new tenure in the role, focus                                           92% of                      Governance
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Statement
                         on customer obsession and service-oriented mindset. HisTarget:
                                                                                    demonstration
                                                                                         $x,xxxm       of growth and maturity in the                                     target opportunity
                         role while maintaining momentum on strategic initiatives have in turn informed the Board's assessment of                                             69% of
                         his performance.                                                                                                                               maximum opportunity
                         (1) Outcome shown as a percentage relative to the percentage weighting of the performance measure.
                         (2) Calculation on an expected loss basis provides a view that is reflective of long-term underlying business performance and is less volatile than the Credit Impairment
                              Charge view which in individual years can be impacted by large movements in economic adjustments and forward-looking adjustments.


                                                                                                                                                                                                               Risk
                         (3) Return on Total Allocated Equity    on an expected loss basis remains sensitive to changes in the risk profile of the Group's portfolio.
                                                          NAB2358 NAB REM Charts | July 2025 © Principals


                         (4) Market Share is assessed by each product individually. Outcome and Target ranges displayed are based on the minimum and maximum values across the product
                              lines. Products include Australia Home Lending (20%, APRA), Australia SME Lending (30%, APRA), Australia Household & Business Deposits (excluding Financial Institutions


                                                                                                                                                                                                            management
                              and Government) (50%, APRA). Market Share movement results are July 2024 to July 2025.
                         (5) Net Promoter® and NPS® are registered trademarks of Bain & Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc., and Fred Reichheld. Net Promoter ScoreSM is a service mark of Bain &
                              Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc., and Fred Reichheld.
                         (6) Collected from third-party external surveys: RFI Global – Atlas (available monthly) captured as part of the wider Strategic NPS surveys providing Whole of Market
                              Consumer/Business MFI Share, reported on a rolling 6-month average. MFI is self-nominated by the customer answer to “Which of the financial institutions you deal with
                              would you consider as your main bank/main financial institution?”.
                         (7) Mass Consumer NPS: Sourced from RFI Global – Atlas, measured on 6 month rolling average to August 2025. Based on all consumers, 18+ and excludes consumers with



                                                                                                                                                                                                              Report of
                              personal income of $260k+ and/or investible assets $2.5m+ and/or footings of over $850k. Ranking based on absolute scores, not statistically significant differences
                              and compared against Big 4 peers.
                         (8) Micro and Small Business NPS: Sourced from RFI Global – Atlas, measured on 6 month rolling average to August 2025. Based on business customers with a turnover up to



                                                                                                                                                                                                            the Directors
                              $5m. Ranking based on absolute scores, not statistically significant differences and compared against Big 4 peers.
                         (9) Medium and Large Business NPS: Sourced from RFI Global – Atlas, measured on 6 month rolling average to August 2025. Based on business customers with a turnover
                              $5m- <$200m. Ranking based on absolute scores, not statistically significant differences and compared against Big 4 peers.
                         (10) High Net Worth & Mass Affluent NPS: Sourced from RFI Global – Atlas, measured on 6 month rolling average to August 2025. Based on all consumers, 18+ with personal
                              income of $260k+ and/or investible assets $2.5m+ and/or footings of over $850k. Ranking based on absolute scores, not statistically significant differences and
                              compared against Big 4 peers.
                         (11) Top quartile is based upon Glint's client group (domestic and global, from all industries). Employee Engagement Survey Result conducted using Glint, score based on the




                                                                                                                                                                                                              Financial report
                              July 2025 survey. Includes Australia, New Zealand, and all global colleagues. Population excludes ubank, external consultants, and outsource service providers. For the
                              purposes of the GPI and Group CEO Scorecard, colleague engagement score is 78% and excludes BNZ




                                                                                                                                                                                                             Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                            information




                                                                                                                                                                         2025 Annual Report          115
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        4.2 In-year variable reward outcomes
                        The table below outlines the Annual VR outcome for the Group CEO and each Group Executive for 2025 compared to each
                        individual's target and maximum Annual VR opportunity. The variance in the individual scores reflects differences in performance
                        against individual scorecards.

                                                                                                                                                                    % of            Annual VR
                                                                             Maximum                                                   VR deferred             maximum             actual as a
                                                                             Annual VR               Total          Annual VR              rights /            Annual VR               % of VR
                                                                           opportunity           Annual VR              cash                shares(1)        opportunity               target
                         Name                                                            $                  $                   $                   $                      %                    %
                         Group CEO
                         Andrew Irvine                                          2,500,000          1,725,000          1,035,000              690,000                      69                  92
                         Group Executives
                         Ana Marinkovic                                         1,150,000            793,500            476,100              317,400                      69                  92
                         Andrew Auerbach (for part year)(2)                       366,438            252,842            151,705              101,137                      69                  92
                         Cathryn Carver                                         1,200,000          1,076,400            645,840              430,560                      90                 120
                         Daniel Huggins                                         1,204,621          1,011,204            606,723              404,482                      84                 112
                         Leslie Matheson                                        1,250,000            862,500            517,500              345,000                      69                  92




For personal use only
                         Patrick Wright                                         1,537,500            954,788            572,873              381,915                      62                  83
                         Sarah White                                              950,000            688,275            412,965              275,310                      72                  97
                         Sharon Cook                                            1,000,000            621,000            372,600              248,400                      62                  83
                         Shaun Dooley    (3)
                                                                                  877,500            807,300            484,380              322,920                      92                 120
                         Acting Group Executives
                         Michael Saadie (for part year)(4)                        382,525            168,923            101,354               67,569                      44                 110
                         Peter Whitelaw (for part year)(4)                        492,133            181,105            108,663               72,442                      37                  92
                         Former Group Executives
                         Rachel Slade (for part year)(5)                          975,890            168,341            101,005               67,336                      17                  23
                         Total                                                13,886,607          9,311,178          5,586,708            3,724,471                      67                   92
                         (1) Acting Group Executives received deferred VR in shares.
                         (2) Relates to Andrew Auerbach's role as Group Executive, Business and Private Banking from 16 June 2025.
                         (3) No change was made to Shaun Dooley's variable remuneration upon his appointment to Acting Chief Financial Officer.
                         (4) The VR outcomes awarded to Michael Saadie and Peter Whitelaw reflect their respective acting periods and will be deferred in line with CPS 511 requirements. Proration
                             has been applied based on: Fixed Remuneration × VR target percentage × (days in acting ELT role ÷ total days in the performance year).
                         (5) Rachel Slade participated in the VR for part of the year while serving as a Group Executive.




                        116   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        4.3 Historical outcomes

                        Historical CEO and Group Executive performance
                        The table below presents the realised remuneration of the Group CEO over the past five financial years.                                                                              About

                                                                                                                                                 STI/LTI            Other                                 this report
                                                                               Fixed             Annual           Total in year          performance          vested/paid
                         Incumbent                                      remuneration            VR cash         remuneration             rights vested      remuneration                   Total
                         name                 Financial year                       $                  $                       $                       $                 $(1)                   $
                         Andrew               2025                            2,500,000       1,035,000              3,535,000               3,903,439(2)         128,329             7,566,768
                         Irvine
                                              2024 (part-year)                 1,243,169         506,250             1,749,419                         -                 -            1,749,419
                         (2024 to

                                                                                                                                                                                                          Our business
                         present)
                                              2024 (part-year)                 1,256,831         511,783             1,768,614                         -           719,353            2,487,967


                                                                                                                                                                                                             in 2025
                         Ross                 2023                             2,500,000       1,350,000             3,850,000                         -           432,063            4,282,063
                         McEwan
                                              2022                             2,500,000       1,387,500             3,887,500                         -                 -            3,887,500
                         (2020 to
                         2024)                2021                             2,500,000       1,509,375             4,009,375                         -                 -            4,009,375
                                              2020 (part-year)                 2,076,503                  -          2,076,503                         -                 -            2,076,503
                         (1) Amounts related to other vested equity or cash-based remuneration from prior years. This includes VR deferred rights, VR deferred shares, commencement awards,




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Creating value




For personal use only
                             recognition awards, retention awards, and dividends accumulated during the vesting period on VR vesting in the applicable year.
                         (2) Relates to grants awarded to Andrew Irvine prior to his appointment as Group CEO, which vested in November and December 2024. Additionally, the former CEO, Ross
                             McEwan, had $8,032,818 in STI/LTI vesting in November and December 2024.


                        The table below summarises the VR outcomes for the Group CEO and permanent Group Executives over the last five years,
                        including vesting of LTI(1) awards relating to prior periods.

                                                                                                                              2025             2024           2023           2022          2021
                         Group CEO Actual VR (% of AVR Target)(1)                                                                 92%            90%          108%           111%           121%
                         Average Group Executives Actual VR (% of AVR Target)(2)                                                  93%            92%          101%             97%          124%          Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Governance
                         LTI award - four year performance period (% of total award vested)(3)                                100%              100%           n/a(4)          66%           56%
                         NAB's four year relative TSR (Top Financial Services peer group)              (5)(6)
                                                                                                                              75th              75th           n/a             71st         71st
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Statement
                         (1) Group CEO role held by Andrew Irvine since 2024; previously held by Ross McEwan.
                         (2) The maximum Annual VR opportunity has changed over time, consistent with the relevant Annual VR plan.
                         (3) The 2022 amount represents the portion of the 2017 LTI award that vested, while the 2021 amount reflects the portion of the 2016 LTI award that vested. Both awards
                             were evaluated over a four-year performance period against relevant peer groups.
                         (4) NAB did not grant any LTI awards in 2018; as a result, there were no awards subject to vesting test in 2023.



                                                                                                                                                                                                             Risk
                         (5) Measured over the performance period of the relevant LTI award.
                         (6) The Top Financial Services peer group for all awards includes: AMP Limited, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited, Bank of Queensland Limited, Bendigo &
                             Adelaide Bank Limited, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Suncorp Group Limited, and Westpac Banking Corporation.



                                                                                                                                                                                                          management
                        Historical Group performance
                        The table below shows the Group's annual financial performance over the last five years and its impact on shareholder value,
                        taking into account dividend payments, share price changes, and other capital adjustments during the period.

                         Financial performance measure                                                                        2025             2024           2023           2022          2021


                                                                                                                                                                                                            Report of
                         Basic earnings per share (cents)                                                                    221.9             227.9          238.0          219.3         196.3
                         Cash earnings ($m)(1)                                                                               7,091             7,102          7,731          7,104         6,558


                                                                                                                                                                                                          the Directors
                         Dividends paid per share ($)                                                                             1.70          1.68           1.61            1.40         0.90
                         Company share price at start of year ($)                                                            37.35             29.07          28.81          27.83         17.75
                         Company share price at end of year ($)                                                              44.15             37.35          29.07          28.81         27.83
                         Absolute Total Shareholder Return - latest financial year                                           22.8%             34.3%           6.5%            8.6%        61.9%
                         Absolute Total Shareholder Return - rolling four financial year period                              81.6%            141.9%          14.9%          22.5%          6.9%




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Financial report
                         (1) Information is presented on a continuing operations basis, unless otherwise stated.




                                                                                                                                                                                                           Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                          information

                         (1) LTI can consist of either LTVR alone or a combination of LTVR and LTEA.


                                                                                                                                                                        2025 Annual Report         117
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        4.4 Long-term incentive granted in 2025
                        The Board assessed the Group CEO and all permanent Group Executives as having met the pre-grant performance, risk
                        management and conduct assessments and accordingly, determined that each would be granted the 2025 LTI award, comprising
                        the LTEA component and the LTVR component, each with a face value of 70% of FR (i.e., a total value of 140% of FR). The LTI award
                        (LTEA and LTVR components) was granted in December 2024. Details of the pre-grant assessment can be found in Section 3.3.
                        The pre-grant assessments and outcomes are as follows:

                         Pre-grant Assessment(1)                                                                                                                     Outcome
                         Individual Performance                                                                                                                      Met
                         Risk Management                                                                                                                             Met
                         Conduct (Who We Are)                                                                                                                        Met
                         LTI award granted (%)(2)                                                                                                                    100%
                         (1) Factors considered for the pre-grant assessment can be found in Section 3.3.
                         (2) Acting Chief Risk Officer and Acting Group Executive, Business and Private Banking did not participate in the LTI awards. New Group Executives appointed to roles in 2025
                             did not participate in the LTI, i.e., Group Executive, Business and Private Banking. Changes were made to the number of LTI performance rights held by the former Group
                             Executive, Business and Private Banking, as noted in the table below.


                        4.5 Prior years LTI awards




For personal use only
                        LTI award testing
                        The TSR performance hurdle for the 2020 LTI award (granted in February 2021) was tested at the end of 2024 following the end
                        of the four year performance period. NAB's TSR was at the 75th percentile relative to the peer group, resulting in 100% of the
                        performance rights vesting.

                                                                                           Performance            % of                                             % of rights        % of rights
                         Performance measure                                               period                 award             Result                            vested              lapsed
                         NAB's TSR relative to Top Financial Services peer                 15/11/2020 to              100%          75th                                   100%                 0%
                         group(1)(2)                                                       15/11/2024                               percentile ranking
                         (1) The peer group for this performance hurdle include: AMP Limited, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited, Bank of Queensland Limited, Bendigo & Adelaide Bank
                             Limited, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Macquarie Group Limited, Suncorp Group Limited, and Westpac Banking Corporation.
                         (2) TSR is based on the 30 trading day volume weighted average price of the relevant shares up to and including the start and end of the performance period.


                        Overview of unvested LTI
                        The table below outlines unvested long-term awards held by the Group CEO and Group Executives.

                         Award(1)                     Grant date          Performance period                 Vesting date           Performance measures
                         Allocated in 2022            23/02/2022          15/11/2021 to 15/11/2025           22/12/2025             NAB's TSR performance against a financial services
                                                                                                                                    peer group
                         Allocated in 2023            23/02/2023          15/11/2022 to 15/11/2026           22/12/2026             NAB's TSR performance against a financial services
                                                                                                                                    peer group
                         Allocated in 2024            22/02/2024          15/11/2023 to 15/11/2027           22/12/2027             Assessment against NAB's risk expectations and
                                                                                                                                    risk appetite
                         Allocated in 2024            22/02/2024          15/11/2023 to 15/11/2027           22/12/2027             NAB's TSR performance against a financial services
                                                                                                                                    peer group
                         Allocated in 2025            19/12/2024          15/11/2024 to 15/11/2028           19/12/2028             Assessment against NAB's risk expectations and
                                                                                                                                    risk appetite
                         Allocated in 2025            19/12/2024          15/11/2024 to 15/11/2028           19/12/2028             NAB's TSR performance against a financial services
                                                                                                                                    peer group
                         (1) The LTI awards were granted based on individual performance, risk and conduct outcomes relative to the preceding performance year.




                        118   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        4.6 Realised remuneration

                        The table below is a voluntary non-statutory disclosure that shows the realised remuneration the Group CEO and each Group Executive (excluding Acting appointments) received during
                        2025. The amounts shown include fixed remuneration, and equity and cash-based awards that vested in 2025. The table provides shareholders with enhanced transparency of remuneration
                        received by Group Executives. The table is not prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and this information differs from the statutory remuneration table (in Section 6).

                                                                                                          2025                                                                  Prior years




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                     STI           LTI            Other vested/            Total deferred                              Equity
                                                                                         Fixed          Annual VR        Total 2025            deferred performance                        paid(2)      awards from prior        Total realised    forfeited/(2)
                                                                                  remuneration(1)           cash      remuneration              awards(2)      rights(2)          remuneration(3)           years vested(4)      remuneration         lapsed(5)
                         Name                                                                    $                $                   $                 $                   $                    $                          $                 $               $
                         Group CEO
                         Andrew Irvine                               2025               2,502,740        1,035,000          3,537,740           749,651           3,153,788               128,329                 4,031,768          7,569,508                -
                                                                     2024                1,237,544         506,250           1,743,794                  -                   -                     -                         -         1,743,794               -


                         Group Executives
                         Ana Marinkovic                              2025               1,151,260          476,100          1,627,360           511,390                     -           1,035,520                 1,546,910          3,174,270                -
                                                                     2024                 486,977          157,795             644,772           160,084                    -             847,361                  1,007,445          1,652,217               -
                         Andrew Auerbach (for part year)             2025                 359,110          151,705            510,815                   -                   -                     -                         -          510,815                -
                         Andrew Irvine (for part year)               2024                 627,067          251,797             878,864           362,092                    -            1,085,534                 1,447,626          2,326,490               -
                         Cathryn Carver                              2025               1,188,466          645,840          1,834,306         1,118,241                     -           1,268,636                 2,386,877          4,221,183                -
                                                                     2024                 289,679          105,366             395,045           314,833                    -             857,595                  1,172,428          1,567,473               -
                         Daniel Huggins                              2025               1,213,850          606,723          1,820,573           394,004                     -             558,183                   952,187          2,772,760                -
                                                                     2024                1,195,010         565,176           1,760,186           133,380                    -             608,120                    741,500          2,501,686               -
                         Leslie Matheson                             2025               1,242,770          517,500          1,760,270           486,328           2,759,574                       -               3,245,902          5,006,172                -
                                                                     2024                1,187,613         480,938           1,668,551           218,912                    -                     -                  218,912          1,887,463               -
                         Patrick Wright                              2025               1,539,186          572,873          2,112,059           854,957           3,942,253                       -               4,797,210          6,909,269                -
                                                                     2024                1,539,185         622,688           2,161,873           418,982           1,985,257                      -                2,404,239          4,566,112               -
                         Sarah White                                 2025                 938,192          412,965          1,351,157           155,154                     -              44,822                   199,976          1,551,133                -
                                                                     2024                 900,987          382,725           1,283,712            58,743                    -               18,228                     76,971         1,360,683               -
                         Sharon Cook                                 2025               1,001,096          372,600          1,373,696           445,971           2,365,359                       -               2,811,330          4,185,026                -
                                                                     2024                 960,525          364,500           1,325,025           207,623             916,259                      -                1,123,882          2,448,907               -
                         Shaun Dooley                                2025               1,338,630          484,380          1,823,010           439,068           2,628,169                       -               3,067,237          4,890,247                -
                                                                     2024                1,295,518         386,100           1,681,618           208,579           1,018,065                      -                1,226,644          2,908,262               -
                         (1) Includes cash salary, superannuation and payments on separation consistent with the statutory remuneration table in Section 6.1, excluding accrued annual leave entitlements.
                         (2) The value of equity awards is calculated using NAB's closing share price on the vesting or forfeiture or lapsing date.
                         (3) Includes dividend equivalent payments, as well as any other deferred recognition, retention or commencement awards, or payments from deferred cash or incentive arrangements before becoming KMP.
                         (4) Details of the vested equity awards are provided in Section 6.2.
                         (5) Awards or remuneration lapsed or forfeited during 2025. Details of the awards are provided in Section 6.2.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2025 Annual Report   119
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        Section 5 - Governance, risk and consequence
                        5.1 Remuneration governance and oversight


                                                                                                      Shareholders
                                                                                                        NAB Board
                                                                                                     Met 12 times in FY2025
                            The Board has overall responsibility for the Remuneration Framework and its effective application. The Board is assisted in its oversight of the
                            Remuneration Framework by the Board People & Remuneration Committee (PRemCo) and other Board Committees as outlined below.


                                People & Remuneration Committee                                     Audit Committee                                                     External Advisors
                                                 Met 6 times in FY2025                              Customer Committee Nomination &
                                                                                                    Governance Committee                                                May be engaged to
                                Assists the Board to discharge its                                                                                                      independently review the
                                responsibilities relating to people and                                              Met 5 times in FY2025                              Group’s remuneration
                                remuneration strategies, policies and practices                     Provide expert, independent reports and                             framework, policy and
                                of the Group.                                                       information as required.                                            practices to assist the
                                This remit focuses on long-term sustainable                         Present the “voice” of customers and                                People & Remuneration




For personal use only
                                policy settings that fosters the desired culture                    incorporate the customer experience in                              Committee and Board
                                while reinforcing compliance with NAB’s Code                        performance and reward outcomes.                                    by providing relevant
                                of Conduct and fulfilling regulatory                                                                                                    insights to inform
                                                                                                    Provide input to setting measures and targets
                                requirements across jurisdictions in which the                                                                                          decision making.
                                                                                                    and assessing performance. Refer any
                                Group operates.                                                                                                                         Independent external
                                                                                                    relevant matter which may impact
                                                                                                                                                                        advisors do not make any
                                Consults with Risk & Compliance Committee                           performance and remuneration outcomes.
                                                                                                                                                                        decisions on behalf of the
                                and Group CRO to enable risk outcomes to be
                                                                                                                                                                        People & Remuneration
                                appropriately reflected in remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                        Committee or the Board.
                                outcomes in specified roles.                                     Risk & Compliance Committee
                                                                                                                     Met 6 times in FY2025

                                                                                                 The Group Chief Risk Officer and Executive, Internal
                              Executive Remuneration Committee
                                                                                                 Audit have standing Invitations to attend People &
                                                  Met 5 times in FY2025                          Remuneration Committee meetings.
                              Makes recommendations to the People &
                                                                                                 Overlapping membership with the People &
                              Remuneration Committee and the Board about the
                                                                                                 Remuneration Committee to facilitate escalation.
                              impact of risk, conduct, performance and other
                                                                                                 Joint meetings with the People & Remuneration
                              issues on variable remuneration outcomes for
                                                                                                 Committee may also be held when required.
                              current or former employees (excluding the Group
                              CEO and Group Executives). Membership is                           Consulted by the People & Remuneration
                              comprised of the:                                                  Committee on the risk and conduct assessments of
                              • Group Executive People and Culture                               the Executive Leadership Team (ELT), and the Group
                              • Group Chief Risk Officer                                         in the context of the Group Performance Indicators.
                              • Group Executive Customer & Corporate Services


                        5.2 Board discretion in relation to remuneration
                        The Board has absolute discretion to adjust the Rewards(1) of any employee down, or to zero, where appropriate, including in
                        circumstances where Group or individual performance, risk or individual conduct outcomes have changed over time since the
                        Reward was provided, or for an act or omission that has impacted performance, risk or conduct outcomes. Adjustments include,
                        but are not limited to:
                        •     Determining the initial value of Rewards and varying their terms and conditions, including the performance measures.
                        •     Determining that some, or all, of the unvested Rewards be forfeited or extending the deferral period at any time for any
                              Rewards including due to the conduct standards in the Code not being met or following the occurrence of a Malus Event(2).
                        •     Determining that some, or all, of the unvested Rewards held by the Group CEO, Group Executives and colleagues in Specified
                              Roles(3) be forfeited including due to performance, risk or conduct outcomes.
                        •     Clawing back paid and vested Rewards (to the extent legally permissible).
                        Refer to Section 5.3 for further detail on how the Board applies discretion and consequence.

                        People & Remuneration Committee
                        On behalf of the Board, the Committee's responsibilities include:

                            (1) In this section, the term 'Rewards' refers to all forms of variable reward including cash provided under a VR plan, deferred VR (cash and equity) to be paid or granted,
                                LTEA and LTVR performance rights and any VR granted in previous years.
                            (2) Examples include where the executive has failed to comply with their accountability obligations under the FAR; has engaged in fraud, dishonesty, gross misconduct,
                                behaviour that may negatively impact the Group's long-term financial soundness or prudential standing or behaviour that brings NAB into disrepute; or has materially
                                breached a representation, warranty, undertaking or obligation to the Group.
                            (3) Colleagues in roles defined under Australian Prudential Regulation Authority CPS 511 Remuneration Standard, Remuneration Part of the PRA Rulebook; SYSC 19D of the FCA
                                Handbook; and Senior Managers and Certification Regime (UK) and Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament.


                        120     National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        •   Monitoring the effectiveness of the Colleague Strategy.
                        •   Developing and maintaining an effective Remuneration Policy and ensuring governance in its application.

                                                                                                                                                                     About
                        •   Making recommendations to the Board in relation to the performance, risk, conduct and remuneration outcomes for the
                            Group CEO, Group Executives, colleagues in Specified Roles and other persons determined by the Board and ensuring

                                                                                                                                                                  this report
                            outcomes are responsible and consistent with the Group's strategy and risk appetite.
                        •   Consideration of the findings of risk and conduct assessments for the Group CEO, Group Executives, colleagues in Specified
                            Roles and other persons determined by the Board and determination of consequences.
                        •   Oversight of the Group's people and remuneration strategies, frameworks, policies and practices to ensure compliance with
                            legal and regulatory requirements (for example, CPS 511), market practice and trends and the expectations of customers
                            and shareholders.
                        Further detail about the Committee is provided in our Corporate Governance Statement (on page 66) and in the People &                     Our business
                        Remuneration Committee Charter which is available on nab.com.au.

                                                                                                                                                                     in 2025




                                                                                                                                                                    Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                 Governance
                                                                                                                                                                  Statement




                                                                                                                                                                     Risk

                                                                                                                                                                  management




                                                                                                                                                                    Report of


                                                                                                                                                                  the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                   Additional

                                                                                                                                                                  information




                                                                                                                                      2025 Annual Report   121
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        5.3 Conduct, risk and consequence management
                        The Committee regularly reviews Group and individual outcomes for risk, reputation, conduct and performance considerations.
                        This includes oversight of the Group's Employee Conduct of Conduct (Code) and Conduct Management Framework (Framework)
                        which supports an appropriate risk culture across the Group. The Board, Group CEO and Group Executives influence culture by
                        focusing on leadership behaviour, systems and colleagues, reinforced through performance and remuneration outcomes.

                        How conduct and risk are integrated in our remuneration framework


                                                 Conduct management                                         Risk assessment

                         Scope                   • Applies to all colleagues including the Group CEO        • Applies to all colleagues including the Group CEO
                                                   and Group Executives                                       and Group Executives
                                                 • Colleagues are required to comply with the Code          • All colleagues (excluding the Group CEO) have a
                                                   and Framework                                              mandatory risk goal in their annual performance
                                                                                                              scorecard. The Group CEO has a risk modifier applied
                                                                                                              to his annual VR outcome


                         Individual              • Throughout the year: Leaders assess the severity of any employee conduct and risk matters and determine




For personal use only
                         assessment                the appropriate consequence depending on the severity of the matter
                                                    Consequences may include any combination of coaching, counselling, formal warnings, termination of
                                                    employment, impacts to in-year performance assessment, reduction to variable reward outcomes and
                                                    the application of malus or clawback
                                                 • Quarterly: Risk goals are discussed during quarterly performance check-ins. Conduct matters and risk issues
                                                   are discussed as appropriate
                                                 • At year end: Leaders undertake a holistic conduct history review and evaluate achievement of the risk goal.
                                                   These are translated into the colleague’s performance rating. Remuneration decisions are informed by the
                                                   performance rating


                         Executive               • In assessing conduct and consequence, each               • Divisional Chief Risk Officers provide oversight,
                         and Board                 business and enabling unit maintains a Professional        challenge and independent input into the
                         oversight                 Standards Forum which makes recommendations to             performance review process
                                                   the Executive Remuneration Committee (members
                                                                                                            • The Group Chief Risk Officer prepares a detailed
                                                   include the Group Executive People and Culture,
                                                                                                              assessment of the risk outcomes for the Group CEO
                                                   Group Chief Risk Officer and the Group Executive
                                                                                                              and each of the Group Executives
                                                   Legal and Commercial Services)
                                                                                                            • The Risk & Compliance Committee reviews and
                                                 • The Executive Remuneration Committee oversees
                                                                                                              challenges the Group Chief Risk Officer’s risk
                                                   the effectiveness of the Framework, reviews material
                                                                                                              management performance assessments. These
                                                   events, accountability and the application of suitable
                                                                                                              assessments and the Risk & Compliance Committee’s
                                                   consequences
                                                                                                              views are considered by the Board in determining
                                                 • The People & Remuneration Committee and the                individual variable reward outcomes for the Group
                                                   Board oversee variable remuneration adjustments            CEO and Group Executives
                                                   for the Group CEO and Group Executives, as well as
                                                                                                            • The variable reward for Group CEO, Group Executives
                                                   certain colleagues in designated roles as required by
                                                                                                              and employees variable reward will be reduced and
                                                   CPS 511
                                                                                                              other consequences may be applied
                                                                                                              if risk is not appropriately managed


                         Potential               • Risk adjustment: On recommendation from the People & Remuneration Committee, the Board may adjust the
                         impacts on                “in-year” funding level of VR outcomes. The Board may also reduce VR for individuals to align with employee
                         remuneration              conduct or risk outcomes
                                                 • Malus: Grant and vesting of all VR is subject to the employee meeting the conduct standards outlined in the Code
                                                   and risk expectations. The Board may determine that unvested awards should be adjusted or forfeited (including
                                                   to zero) in circumstances where these conduct standards or risk expectations are not met
                                                 • Clawback: Clawback may be applied to paid and vested VR provided to any colleague including the Group CEO
                                                   and Group Executives


                        Board Risk, Conduct and Accountability Assessment Guide
                        The Board Risk, Conduct and Accountability Guide provides steps and factors to be considered when assessing the nature and
                        type of risk and conduct matter and where required, the adjustment criteria to be applied to variable remuneration.




                        122   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        Risk, conduct and the consequence management framework
                        The Consequence Severity Matrix provides guidance to determine the severity of risk and conduct events. Based on the severity

                                                                                                                                                                                                                    About
                        of the risk or conduct event, a fair and proportionate consequence outcome will be applied. Determination of the appropriate
                        consequence is guided by an assessment of the quantitative and qualitative impacts of the event including financial impacts,
                        physical, informational or reputational damage to the organisation and harm to colleagues or customers.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 this report
                         Consequence Severity Matrix




                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Our business
                         Intent                  Behaviour
                                                                                                                                                                                       Serious
                                                                                                                                                                                      Misconduct


                                                                                                                                                                                                                    in 2025
                         Intentional             Dishonest
                         Wilful, deliberate,     Covers up, blames others,




                                                                                Context, motivation or intent
                         deceitful, fraudulent   does not take accountability

                         Error in Judgement      Repeated behaviour
                                                                                                                                                                   Significant
                         Negligent               Doesn’t learn from mistakes
                                                 or persists




                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value




For personal use only
                                                 with misconduct
                                                 despite warnings
                                                                                                                                               Mild
                         Unintentional           Growth Mindset
                         Mistake, factors out    Speaks up, shares learning,
                         of their control,       seeks to fix to prevent self
                         took reasonable         or others making the same
                         preventative steps      error                                                                 Minor



                                                                                                                                        Actual or potential impact to customers,                                 Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                                                Governance
                                                                                                                                           reputation or well-being of others


                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Statement
                                                                                                                Nature         Non-adherence to            Breach of policy,        Regulatory breach
                                                                                                                               standard practices          procedures,              or breaking the law
                                                                                                                                                           guidelines or
                                                                                                                                                           employment


                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Risk
                                                                                                                                                           contract

                                                                                                                Impact         No/Low impact               Moderate impact          Significant and

                                                                                                                                                                                                                 management
                                                                                                                                                                                    material impact

                                                                                                                Gain           Personal Loss               No personal gain         Self-serving profited




                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Report of


                                                                                                                                                                                                                 the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                                 information




                                                                                                                                                                                   2025 Annual Report     123
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        Consequence outcomes and remuneration adjustments
                        The Group CEO, Group Executives, and other Senior Leaders are expected to actively demonstrate strong risk management to
                        set the "tone from the top" on expectations and behaviours.
                        NAB recognises colleagues who positively contribute towards NAB's risk culture. Conversely, where colleagues do not meet risk
                        expectations nor demonstrate behaviours aligned with our Who We Are values, NAB will apply appropriate consequences. NAB
                        aims to enforce an accountability and learning culture, where risk and conduct expectations are clearly communicated
                        and demonstrated.
                        The consequence outcomes and remuneration adjustments applied to employees during 2024 and 2025 are provided in the table
                        below. The data in the table below illustrates our drive for continuous learning on our journey to create a positive risk culture.

                                                                                                                                                   Employee Category(1)
                                                                                                                                                                     Risk and
                                                                                                                                                    Material        Financial
                                                                                                                                  Senior               Risk           Control          Other
                                                                                                                                Managers(2)          Takers        Personnel       employees
                         Employees recognised for their positive contribution to risk culture                       2025                   1                 6                2           6,458
                                                                                                                    2024                    -                2                6               6,516
                         Employees identified as not having met risk expectations                                   2025                    -                1                -           2,183




For personal use only
                         and accountabilities
                                                                                                                    2024                    -                -                -               2,455
                         Code of Conduct breaches identified that resulted in                                       2025                    -                5                2           7,424
                         formal consequences
                                                                                                                    2024                    -                -                -               8,362
                         Employees leaving due to consequence outcomes                                              2025                    -                -                -                206
                                                                                                                    2024                    -                -                -                209
                         Employees receiving coaching, warnings or other remedial actions                           2025                   1                 5                2           7,005
                                                                                                                    2024                    -                6                1               8,003
                         Employees recommended to receive an in-year performance rating                             2025                    -                -                -                209
                         and / or variable reward reduction of 5% to 100%
                                                                                                                    2024                    -                -                -                136
                         Deferred VR forfeitures and in-year VR adjustments as a result of Code                     2025                    -                -                -                   -
                         of Conduct breaches and revisiting previous reward decisions
                                                                                                                    2024                    -                -                -                   -
                         (1) Employees are categorised as Senior Managers, Material Risk Takers or Risk and Financial Control Personnel as defined by paragraph 20 of Australian Prudential
                             Regulation Authority's Prudential Standard CPS 511 Remuneration.
                         (2) The Group CEO and Group Executives are categorised as Senior Managers.




                        124   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        Section 6 - Group CEO and Group Executive statutory remuneration disclosures
                        6.1 Group CEO and Group Executive statutory remuneration

                        The following table has been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). The table shows details of the nature and
                        amount of each element of remuneration paid or awarded to the Group CEO and Group Executives for services provided during the year while they were KMP (including VR amounts in respect
                        of performance during the year which are paid following the end of the year).




For personal use only
                        For KMPs who have left NAB and retained awards, these awards will remain on foot and vest in line with their original terms. In accordance with the requirements of AASB 2 Share-based
                        Payment, the unvested awards have been expensed in full in FY25 as no further service will be received by the Group from the relevant KMP.

                                                                                                                        Post-
                                                                                                                      employment
                                                                                  Short-term benefits                  benefits                          Equity-based benefits
                                                                                                                                       Other long-
                                                                              Cash       Annual VR        Non-                                term                                         Other                             (8)

                                                                             salary(1)       cash(2)   monetary(3) Superannuation(4)      benefits(5)      Shares(6)     Rights(7)   remuneration                  Total(9)
                         Name                                                     $              $             $                 $                $              $            $                 $                        $
                         Group CEO
                         Andrew Irvine                         2025       2,427,091      1,035,000        31,608            27,704          24,634           3,662     2,075,138                -              5,624,837
                                                                2024       1,185,922       506,250             -             13,475          11,011              -     1,265,987                -               2,982,645


                         Group Executives
                         Ana Marinkovic                        2025       1,052,101        476,100          566             28,584          14,131        380,358       602,850                 -              2,554,690
                                                                2024        511,501        157,795             -              8,584           5,414        297,684       156,148                -               1,137,126
                         Andrew Auerbach (for part year)       2025         360,276        151,705       296,708             7,945           1,577        204,263       119,030                 -              1,141,504
                         Andrew Irvine (for part year)          2024        574,878        251,797             -             13,623          11,132         63,176     1,134,795                -               2,049,401
                         Cathryn Carver                        2025       1,109,252        645,840        32,925            28,584          17,059        755,890       683,458                 -              3,273,008
                                                                2024        307,341        105,366             -              4,646           4,369        271,835        91,485                -                785,042
                         Daniel Huggins                        2025       1,065,743        606,723             -           103,225                -              -     1,395,998                -              3,171,689
                                                                2024       1,098,849       565,176             -            105,239               -              -     1,326,301                -               3,095,565
                         Leslie Matheson                       2025       1,147,181        517,500         5,153            28,466          12,317               -     1,383,027                -              3,093,644
                                                                2024       1,141,221       480,938            22             27,214          11,071              -     1,536,130                -               3,196,596
                         Patrick Wright                        2025       1,575,931        572,873       177,408            28,125          20,876               -     2,213,810                -              4,589,023
                                                                2024       1,547,706       622,688        78,861             26,863          19,031              -     2,876,466                -               5,171,615
                         Sarah White                           2025         814,571        412,965          566             28,881          31,381          85,163      714,735                 -              2,088,262
                                                                2024        873,639        382,725             -             27,348          30,019        114,285       586,259                -               2,014,275
                         Sharon Cook                           2025         968,498        372,600         4,974            28,762          13,578               -     1,130,466                -              2,518,878
                                                                2024        933,233        364,500            84             27,292          12,378              -     1,275,117                -               2,612,604




                                                                                                                                                                                                    2025 Annual Report   125
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                                                                                                                                                     Post-
                                                                                                                                                   employment
                                                                                                     Short-term benefits                            benefits                                          Equity-based benefits
                                                                                                                                                                              Other long-
                                                                                                Cash        Annual VR            Non-                                                term                                                      Other                                   (8)

                                                                                               salary(1)        cash(2)       monetary(3) Superannuation(4)                      benefits(5)             Shares(6)          Rights(7)    remuneration                         Total(9)
                         Name                                                                        $                 $                 $                         $                        $                   $                 $                       $                        $
                         Shaun Dooley                                       2025           1,305,046           484,380                566                   28,406                   44,589                      -      1,395,631                         -              3,258,618




For personal use only
                                                                             2024           1,228,531           386,100                   -                  27,097                   43,361                     -       1,495,119                        -               3,180,208


                         Acting Group Executives(10)
                         Michael Saadie (for part year)                     2025             311,603           101,354                    -                  7,483                     3,800            193,377                    -                      -                617,617
                         Peter Whitelaw (for part year)                     2025             649,461           108,663                    -                 14,983                     6,158            190,228                    -                      -                969,493


                         Former Group Executives
                         Nathan Goonan (for part year)                      2025             532,333                    -             566                   13,572                          -                    -     (2,101,894)                        -             (1,555,423)
                                                                             2024           1,123,073           571,050                   -                  27,175                   17,824                     -       1,431,326                        -               3,170,448
                         Rachel Slade (for part year)      (11)
                                                                            2025             584,933           101,005             17,139                   13,423                          -                    -      2,544,519                677,000                 3,938,019
                                                                             2024           1,204,136           526,500              3,691                   27,097                   17,820                     -       1,700,529                        -               3,479,773


                         Total                                              2025          13,904,020         5,586,708           568,179                  388,143                   190,100           1,812,941        12,156,768                677,000               35,283,859
                         Total                                               2024          11,730,030         4,920,885            82,658                  335,653                  183,430              746,980        14,875,662                        -              32,875,298
                         (1) Includes cash allowances, payroll remediation payments, motor vehicle benefits and short-term compensated absences, such as annual leave entitlements accrued. Any related fringe benefits tax is included.
                         (2) The VR cash received in respect of 2025 is scheduled to be paid on 19 November 2025 in Australia and New Zealand.
                         (3) Includes relocation costs considered to provide a benefit to the individual (including temporary accommodation, furniture rental, utility costs, dependent travel costs, insurance, stamp duty, associated fringe benefit tax and other benefits). For
                             international assignees this may also include the provision of health fund benefits and tax advisory services.
                         (4) Includes company contributions to superannuation and allocations by employees made by way of salary sacrifice of post-tax fixed remuneration.
                         (5) Includes long service leave entitlements accrued based on an actuarial calculation.
                         (6) 2025 expense based on the grant date fair value, amortised on a straight-line basis over the vesting period for:
                             (a) Commencement award granted to Andrew Irvine in November 2020. Of these shares, 21% were restricted until December 2020, 21% until December 2021, 24% until December 2022, 31% until December 2023 and the remaining 3% until December 2024. The
                             shares are subject to clawback provisions.
                             (b) Recognition award granted to Ana Marinkovic and Cathryn Carver in November 2021 for performance in their previous role, that was restricted until November 2024.
                             (c) 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024 VR deferred shares granted to Ana Marinkovic and Cathryn Carver in February 2022, February 2023, February 2024, and December 2024 respectively for performance in their previous role, that were restricted until November
                             2024 (2021 VR), November 2025 (2022 VR), November 2026 (2023 VR), and November 2027 (2024 VR).
                             (d) 2022, 2023 and 2024 Annual Equity Award granted to Ana Marinkovic in May 2022, February 2023, and February 2024 respectively for performance in her previous role, vesting over three years from grant.
                             (e) 2022, 2023 and 2024 Annual Equity Award granted to Cathryn Carver in November 2021, February 2023, and February 2024 respectively for performance in her previous role, vesting over three years from grant.
                             (f) 2021, 2022 and 2023 VR deferred shares granted to Sarah White in February 2022, February 2023, and February 2024 respectively for performance in her previous role, that were restricted until November 2024 (2021 VR), November 2025 (2022 VR), and
                             November 2026 (2023 VR).
                             (g) 2023 Annual Equity Award granted to Sarah White in November 2022 for performance in her previous role, vesting over three years from grant.
                             (h) Recognition awards granted to Michael Saadie in November 2021 and 2024 respectively for performance in his pre-acting role, that were restricted until November 2024 and November 2028.
                             (i) 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024 VR deferred shares granted to Michael Saadie and Peter Whitelaw in February 2022, February 2023, February 2024, and December 2024 respectively for performance in their pre-acting role, that were restricted until
                             November 2024 (2021 VR), November 2025 (2022 VR), November 2026 (2023 VR), and November 2027 (2024 VR).
                             (j) 2022, 2023, 2024 and 2025 Annual Equity Award granted to Michael Saadie in May 2022, February 2023, February 2024, and December 2024 respectively for performance in his pre-acting role, vesting over three years from grant.
                             (k) 2023, 2024 and 2025 Annual Equity Award granted to Peter Whitelaw in November 2022, February 2024, and December 2024 respectively for performance in his pre-acting role, vesting over three years from grant.
                         (7) 2025 expense based on the grant date fair value, amortised on a straight-line basis over the vesting period for:
                             (a) 2017 deferred VR rights granted in February 2018, restricted for up to eight years, with 18% vesting in May 2021, 19% in May 2022, 20% in May 2023, 21% in May 2024, and 23% in May 2025. The shares provided on vesting of these rights are subject to



                        126   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                              clawback provisions.
                              (b) 2021 deferred VR rights granted in February 2022, restricted for up to four years, with 25% vesting each November from 2022 to 2025, subject to continued employment, malus, and clawback.
                              (c) 2022 deferred VR rights granted in February 2023, restricted for up to four years, with 25% vesting each November 2023 to 2026, subject to continued employment, malus, and clawback.
                              (d) 2023 deferred VR rights granted in February 2024, restricted for up to four years, with 25% vesting each November 2024 to 2027, subject to continued employment, malus, and clawback.
                              (e) 2024 deferred VR rights granted in December 2024, restricted for up to two years, with 50% vesting in November 2025 and 50% in November 2026, subject to continued employment, malus, and clawback.
                              (f) 2025 deferred VR rights to be granted in December 2025, restricted for up to two years, with 50% vesting in November 2026 and 50% in November 2027, subject to continued employment, malus, and clawback.
                              (g) LTVR performance rights granted in February 2021, February 2022, and February 2023 respectively.
                              (h) 2024 LTVR and LTEA performance rights granted in February 2024.
                              (i) 2025 LTVR and LTEA performance rights granted in December 2024.




For personal use only
                              (j) 2026 LTVR and LTEA performance rights to be granted in December 2025.
                         (8) The proportion of total remuneration for 2025 that was performance-based is as follows: Andrew Irvine 66%, Ana Marinkovic 66%, Andrew Auerbach 51%, Cathryn Carver 73%, Daniel Huggins 71%, Leslie Matheson 66%, Patrick Wright 64%, Sarah White 67%,
                              Sharon Cook 64%, Shaun Dooley 69%, Michael Saadie 48%, Peter Whitelaw 32%, Rachel Slade 42%.
                         (9) In addition to the remuneration benefits below, NAB paid an insurance premium for a contract insuring the Group CEO and Group Executives as officers. It is not possible to allocate the benefit of this premium between individuals. In accordance with
                              usual commercial practice, the insurance contract prohibits disclosure of details of the premium paid.
                         (10) The annual VR for the Acting Group Executives reflects the period they were in the acting role, and was calculated based on their ongoing role FR and VR target opportunity, and an Individual Performance Multiplier determined for the period they were
                              acting in the Group Executive role.
                         (11) Upon her mutual separation on 1 July 2025, Rachel Slade received a $677,000 payment covering statutory entitlements and transition support. Additionally, 25% of both the 2025 Long Term Variable Reward Rights and the 2025 Long Term Equity Award
                              Rights, which were granted to Ms Slade on 19 December 2024, lapsed on the date she ceased employment.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2025 Annual Report      127
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        6.2 Value of shares and rights

                        The following table shows the number and value of shares and rights that were granted by NAB and held by the Group CEO and
                        each Group Executive under NAB's employee equity plans during the year to 30 September 2025. Rights refer to deferred VR rights,
                        LTI performance rights and any other deferred rights or performance rights provided under a current or previous VR plan. A right
                        is a right to receive one NAB share subject to the satisfaction of the relevant performance and service conditions. The grant
                        value shown is the full accounting value to be expensed over the vesting period, which is generally longer than the current year.
                        The Group CEO and Group Executives did not pay any amounts for rights that vested and were exercised during 2025. There are no
                        amounts unpaid on any of the shares exercised.
                        There have been no changes to the terms and conditions of these awards, or any other awards since the awards were granted.
                        All rights that vest are automatically exercised when they vest. For the awards allocated during the year to 30 September 2025,
                        the maximum number of shares or rights that may vest is shown for the Group CEO and each Group Executive. The maximum value
                        of the equity awards is the number of shares or rights subject to NAB’s share price at the time of vesting. The minimum number of
                        shares or rights and the value of the equity awards is zero if the equity is fully forfeited or lapsed.

                                                                                            Total                                       2025
                                                                                                                        Forfeited /   Forfeited /
                                                                               Granted(1)                    Granted(2)     lapsed        lapsed(3)   Vested(4)    Vested(5)




For personal use only
                         Name                                                       No.       Grant date            $          No.              $        No.             $
                         Group CEO
                         Andrew Irvine          Commencement                      3,355         6-11-2020           -             -             -       3,355      125,477
                                                shares(6)
                                                LTVR rights(6)                   86,714        24-02-2021           -             -             -      86,714     3,153,788
                                                Deferred VR rights(6)            14,296       23-02-2022            -             -             -       7,148      280,345
                                                LTVR rights(6)                   56,644       23-02-2022            -             -             -           -            -
                                                Deferred VR rights(6)            17,236       23-02-2023            -             -             -       5,746      225,358
                                                LTVR rights(6)                   54,929       23-02-2023            -             -             -           -            -
                                                Deferred VR rights     (6)
                                                                                 24,880       22-02-2024            -             -             -       6,220      243,948
                                                LTI - LTEA rights(6)             45,056       22-02-2024            -             -             -           -            -
                                                LTI - LTVR rights(6)             45,056       22-02-2024            -             -             -           -            -
                                                Deferred VR rights               13,260        19-12-2024     505,339             -             -           -            -
                                                LTI - LTEA rights                45,919        19-12-2024    1,424,407            -             -           -            -
                                                LTI - LTVR rights                45,919        19-12-2024     694,295             -             -           -            -
                         Group Executives
                         Ana Marinkovic         Recognition shares(7)            17,489         12-11-2021          -             -             -      17,489      685,919
                                                Deferred VR shares(7)            13,039       23-02-2022            -             -             -      13,039      511,390
                                                Deferred VR shares(7)             2,007        6-05-2022            -             -             -       2,007       78,715
                                                Deferred VR shares       (7)
                                                                                 10,738       23-02-2023            -             -             -       2,302       90,284
                                                Deferred VR shares(7)            16,562       22-02-2024            -             -             -       2,739      107,424
                                                Deferred VR rights                2,760        19-12-2024     105,184             -             -           -            -
                                                Deferred VR shares                3,999        19-12-2024     148,763             -             -           -            -
                                                LTI - LTEA rights                21,122        19-12-2024     655,204             -             -           -            -
                                                LTI - LTVR rights                21,122        19-12-2024     319,365             -             -           -            -
                         Andrew                 Commencement shares              41,439        13-08-2025    1,581,312            -             -           -            -
                         Auerbach (for
                         part year)
                         Cathryn Carver         Deferred VR shares(7)             3,889         10-11-2021          -             -             -       3,889      152,527
                                                Recognition shares(7)            17,489         12-11-2021          -             -             -      17,489      685,919
                                                Deferred VR shares(7)            28,512       23-02-2022            -             -             -      28,512     1,118,241
                                                Deferred VR shares(7)            21,300       23-02-2023            -             -             -       3,780      148,252
                                                Deferred VR shares       (7)
                                                                                 27,972       22-02-2024            -             -             -       3,899      152,919
                                                Deferred VR rights                1,842        19-12-2024      70,199             -             -           -            -
                                                Deferred VR shares               11,034        19-12-2024     410,465             -             -           -            -
                                                LTI - LTEA rights                22,040        19-12-2024     683,681             -             -           -            -
                                                LTI - LTVR rights                22,040        19-12-2024     333,245             -             -           -            -




                        128   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                                                                                Total                                      2025
                                                                                                           Forfeited /   Forfeited /
                                                                   Granted(1)                   Granted(2)     lapsed        lapsed(3)   Vested(4)    Vested(5)
                         Name                                           No.       Grant date           $          No.              $         No.              $         About

                                                                                                                                                                     this report
                         Daniel Huggins    LTVR rights               54,019       23-02-2022           -             -             -            -             -
                                           Deferred VR rights        14,247       23-02-2023           -             -             -        4,749     186,256
                                           LTVR rights               48,340       23-02-2023           -             -             -            -             -
                                           Deferred VR rights        21,188       22-02-2024           -             -             -        5,297     207,748
                                           LTI - LTEA rights         28,784       22-02-2024           -             -             -            -             -


                                                                                                                                                                     Our business
                                           LTI - LTVR rights         28,784       22-02-2024           -             -             -            -             -
                                           Deferred VR rights         9,708        19-12-2024    369,972             -             -            -             -


                                                                                                                                                                        in 2025
                                           LTI - LTEA rights         21,948        19-12-2024    680,827             -             -            -             -
                                           LTI - LTVR rights         21,948        19-12-2024    331,854             -             -            -             -
                         Leslie Matheson   LTVR rights               75,875        24-02-2021          -             -             -      75,875     2,759,574
                                           Deferred VR rights         7,210       23-02-2022           -             -             -        3,605     141,388
                                           LTVR rights               49,564       23-02-2022           -             -             -            -             -




                                                                                                                                                                       Creating value




For personal use only
                                           Deferred VR rights        12,568       23-02-2023           -             -             -        4,190     164,332
                                           LTVR rights               48,063       23-02-2023           -             -             -            -             -
                                           Deferred VR rights        18,420       22-02-2024           -             -             -        4,605     180,608
                                           LTI - LTEA rights         27,834       22-02-2024           -             -             -            -             -
                                           LTI - LTVR rights         27,834       22-02-2024           -             -             -            -             -
                                           Deferred VR rights         8,412        19-12-2024    320,581             -             -            -             -
                                           LTI - LTEA rights         22,958        19-12-2024    712,157             -             -            -             -
                                           LTI - LTVR rights         22,958        19-12-2024    347,125             -             -            -             -
                         Patrick Wright    LTVR rights              108,393        24-02-2021          -             -             -     108,393     3,942,253
                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate
                                           Deferred VR rights        17,871       23-02-2022           -             -             -        8,936     350,470       Governance
                                           LTVR rights               70,806       23-02-2022           -             -             -            -             -
                                                                                                                                                                     Statement
                                           Deferred VR rights        17,955       23-02-2023           -             -             -        5,985     234,732
                                           LTVR rights               68,661       23-02-2023           -             -             -            -             -
                                           Deferred VR rights        27,512       22-02-2024           -             -             -        6,878     269,755



                                                                                                                                                                        Risk
                                           LTI - LTEA rights         37,214       22-02-2024           -             -             -            -             -
                                           LTI - LTVR rights         37,214       22-02-2024           -             -             -            -             -
                                           Recognition Rights        77,800       22-02-2024           -             -             -            -             -

                                                                                                                                                                     management
                                           Deferred VR rights        10,892        19-12-2024    415,094             -             -            -             -
                                           LTI - LTEA rights         28,240        19-12-2024    876,005             -             -            -             -
                                           LTI - LTVR rights         28,240        19-12-2024    426,989             -             -            -             -
                         Sarah White       Deferred VR shares(7)      3,956       23-02-2022           -             -             -        3,956     155,154



                                                                                                                                                                       Report of
                                           Deferred VR shares(7)      1,300        10-11-2022          -             -             -         650       25,493
                                           Deferred VR shares(7)      3,948       23-02-2023           -             -             -            -             -
                                           Deferred VR shares         4,469       22-02-2024           -             -             -            -             -

                                                                                                                                                                     the Directors
                                           LTI - LTEA rights         21,784       22-02-2024           -             -             -            -             -
                                           LTI - LTVR rights         21,784       22-02-2024           -             -             -            -             -
                                           Deferred VR rights         6,694        19-12-2024    255,108             -             -            -             -
                                           LTI - LTEA rights         17,448        19-12-2024    541,237             -             -            -             -




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial report
                                           LTI - LTVR rights         17,448        19-12-2024    263,814             -             -            -             -




                                                                                                                                                                      Additional

                                                                                                                                                                     information




                                                                                                                                         2025 Annual Report   129
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                                                                                     Total                                        2025
                                                                                                                 Forfeited /    Forfeited /
                                                                        Granted(1)                    Granted(2)     lapsed         lapsed(3)   Vested(4)    Vested(5)
                         Name                                                No.       Grant date            $          No.               $        No.             $
                         Sharon Cook            LTVR rights               65,036        24-02-2021           -             -              -      65,036     2,365,359
                                                Deferred VR rights         7,205       23-02-2022            -             -              -       3,603      141,310
                                                LTVR rights               42,483       23-02-2022            -             -              -           -            -
                                                Deferred VR rights        11,371       23-02-2023            -             -              -       3,791      148,683
                                                LTVR rights               43,485       23-02-2023            -             -              -           -            -
                                                Deferred VR rights        15,908       22-02-2024            -             -              -       3,977      155,978
                                                LTI - LTEA rights         24,204       22-02-2024            -             -              -           -            -
                                                LTI - LTVR rights         24,204       22-02-2024            -             -              -           -            -
                                                Deferred VR rights         6,376        19-12-2024     242,989             -              -           -            -
                                                LTI - LTEA rights         18,366        19-12-2024     569,713             -              -           -            -
                                                LTI - LTVR rights         18,366        19-12-2024     277,694             -              -           -            -
                         Shaun Dooley           LTVR rights               72,262        24-02-2021           -             -              -      72,262     2,628,169




For personal use only
                                                Deferred VR rights         7,706       23-02-2022            -             -              -       3,853      151,115
                                                LTVR rights               51,924       23-02-2022            -             -              -           -            -
                                                Deferred VR rights        10,724       23-02-2023            -             -              -       3,575      140,212
                                                LTVR rights               54,929       23-02-2023            -             -              -           -            -
                                                Deferred VR rights        15,068       22-02-2024            -             -              -       3,767      147,742
                                                LTI - LTEA rights         31,466       22-02-2024            -             -              -           -            -
                                                LTI - LTVR rights         31,466       22-02-2024            -             -              -           -            -
                                                Deferred VR rights         6,754        19-12-2024     257,395             -              -           -            -
                                                LTI - LTEA rights         24,796        19-12-2024     769,172             -              -           -            -
                                                LTI - LTVR rights         24,796        19-12-2024     374,916             -              -           -            -
                         Acting Group Executives
                         Michael Saadie         Recognition shares(8)     12,938         11-11-2024    517,391             -              -           -            -
                         (for part year)
                                                Deferred VR shares(8)     15,870        19-12-2024     590,364             -              -           -            -
                         Peter Whitelaw         Deferred VR shares(8)      7,644        19-12-2024     284,357             -              -           -            -
                         (for part year)
                         Former Group Executives
                         Nathan Goonan          LTVR rights               65,036        24-02-2021           -             -                     65,036     2,365,359
                         (for part year)
                                                Deferred VR rights         7,205       23-02-2022            -        (3,602)      (155,678)      3,603      141,310
                                                LTVR rights               42,483       23-02-2022            -       (42,483)    (1,836,115)          -            -
                                                Deferred VR rights        10,773       23-02-2023            -        (7,182)      (310,406)      3,591      140,839
                                                LTVR rights               41,197       23-02-2023            -       (41,197)    (1,780,534)          -            -
                                                Deferred VR rights        18,412       22-02-2024            -       (13,809)      (596,825)      4,603      180,530
                                                LTI - LTEA rights         28,440       22-02-2024            -       (28,440)    (1,229,177)          -            -
                                                LTI - LTVR rights         28,440       22-02-2024            -       (28,440)    (1,229,177)          -            -
                                                Deferred VR rights         9,988        19-12-2024     380,643        (9,988)      (431,681)          -            -
                                                LTI - LTEA rights         22,040        19-12-2024     683,681       (22,040)      (952,569)          -            -
                                                LTI - LTVR rights         22,040        19-12-2024     333,245       (22,040)      (952,569)          -            -




                        130   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                                                                                                   Total                                                     2025
                                                                                                                                    Forfeited /          Forfeited /
                                                                                      Granted(1)                         Granted(2)     lapsed               lapsed(3)      Vested(4)       Vested(5)
                         Name                                                                No.      Grant date                  $              No.                  $          No.                $          About

                                                                                                                                                                                                            this report
                         Rachel Slade             LTVR rights                            86,714        24-02-2021                 -                 -                 -       86,714      3,153,788
                         (for part year)
                                                  Deferred VR rights                     14,296       23-02-2022                  -                 -                 -        7,148        280,345
                                                  LTVR rights                            56,644       23-02-2022                  -                 -                 -             -               -
                                                  Deferred VR rights                     15,081       23-02-2023                  -                 -                 -        5,027        197,159
                                                  LTVR rights                            54,929       23-02-2023                  -                 -                 -             -               -


                                                                                                                                                                                                            Our business
                                                  Deferred VR rights                     22,964       22-02-2024                  -                 -                 -        5,741        225,162
                                                  LTI - LTEA rights                      29,770       22-02-2024                  -                 -                 -             -               -


                                                                                                                                                                                                               in 2025
                                                  LTI - LTVR rights                      29,770       22-02-2024                  -                 -                 -             -               -
                                                  Deferred VR rights                       9,210       19-12-2024         350,993                   -                 -             -               -
                                                  LTI - LTEA rights                      23,878        19-12-2024         740,696             (5,970)        (229,666)              -               -
                                                  LTI - LTVR rights                      23,878        19-12-2024         361,035             (5,970)        (229,666)              -               -
                         (1) The following securities have been granted during 2025:




                                                                                                                                                                                                              Creating value
                             a) LTVR and LTEA rights allocated in December 2024 (in respect of 2025) to the Group CEO and all Group Executives at the time of allocation. The performance rights are




For personal use only
                             subject to service and performance measures.
                             b) Deferred VR rights allocated in December 2024 (in respect of 2024) to the Group CEO and all Group Executives at the time of allocation. The rights vest annually in four
                             equal tranches between November 2025 and November 2028.
                         (2) The Grant value represents the maximum number of equity awards that may vest to each executive in respect of their time as KMP. The minimum potential value for the
                             equity awards is zero. The values represent the fair value at grant date.
                         (3) Calculated using NAB's closing share price on the forfeiture / lapsing date.
                         (4) The following equities vested in 2025:
                             (a) Deferred VR rights allocated in February 2018 vested in May 2025 for Michael Saadie.
                             (b) Deferred VR rights allocated in February 2022, 2023, and 2024 vested in November 2024.
                             (c) LTVR rights allocated in February 2021 vested in December 2024.

                                                                                                                                                                                                            Corporate
                             (d) Commencement shares allocated in November 2020 vested in December 2024 for Andrew Irvine.
                             (e) Recognition shares allocated in November 2021 vested in November 2024 for Ana Marinkovic, Cathryn Carver, and Michael Saadie.

                                                                                                                                                                                                           Governance
                             (f) Deferred VR shares allocated in February 2022 vested in November 2024 for Ana Marinkovic, Cathryn Carver, Michael Saadie, Peter Whitelaw, and Sarah White.
                             (g) Deferred AEA shares allocated in November 2021 vested in November 2024 for Cathryn Carver.

                                                                                                                                                                                                            Statement
                             (h) Deferred AEA shares allocated in May 2022 vested in November 2024 for Ana Marinkovic and Michael Saadie.
                             (i) Deferred AEA shares allocated in November 2022 vested in November 2024 for Peter Whitelaw and Sarah White.
                             (j) Deferred AEA shares allocated in February 2023 vested in November 2024 for Ana Marinkovic, Cathryn Carver, and Michael Saadie.
                             (k) Deferred AEA shares allocated in February 2024 vested in November 2024 for Ana Marinkovic, Cathryn Carver, Michael Saadie, and Peter Whitelaw.
                         (5) Calculated using NAB's closing share price on the vesting date.
                         (6) Shares and rights granted prior to appointment as Group CEO.
                         (7) Shares granted prior to appointment as Group Executive.


                                                                                                                                                                                                               Risk
                         (8) Shares granted prior to appointment as Acting Group Executive.




                                                                                                                                                                                                            management




                                                                                                                                                                                                              Report of


                                                                                                                                                                                                            the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                                              Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                                             Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                            information




                                                                                                                                                                           2025 Annual Report       131
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        6.3 Determining the value of equity remuneration

                        The number of shares and rights provided to the Group CEO and Group Executives by NAB are determined using a face value
                        methodology. The table below shows the fair value of shares and rights granted by NAB during 2025 in accordance with statutory
                        requirements. The grant date fair value of each share, without market performance measures, is determined by the market value
                        of NAB shares and is generally a five day weighted average share price. The grant date fair value of shares and rights with market
                        performance measures is determined using a simulated version of the Black-Scholes model.
                        No performance options have been granted during the year. Shares and rights granted during 2025 were granted at no cost to
                        the Group CEO or Group Executive and have a zero exercise price.

                                                                                                                               Grant share             Fair
                                                                                                                                     price(1)        value
                         Type of allocation                        Award type                   Grant date                                   $             $     Restriction period end(2)
                         Deferred Variable Reward(3)               Performance rights           19 December 2024                        37.20       35.70 /      15 November 2025 -
                                                                                                                                                     34.12       15 November 2026
                         Deferred Variable Reward(4)               Shares                       19 December 2024                                      38.11      15 November 2025 -
                                                                                                                                                                 15 November 2027
                         Commencement Award(5)                     Shares                       13 August 2025                                        38.61      31 December 2026 -
                                                                                                                                                                 31 December 2028




For personal use only
                         Recognition Award(6)                      Shares                       11 November 2024                                      38.64      11 November 2027 -
                                                                                                                                                                 11 November 2028
                         Long-Term Equity Award(7)                 Performance rights           19 December 2024                        37.20         31.02      19 December 2028 -
                                                                                                                                                                 19 December 2030
                         Long-Term Variable Reward(7)              Performance rights           19 December 2024                        37.20         15.12      19 December 2028 -
                                                                                                                                                                 19 December 2030
                         (1) The grant share price is NAB's closing share price at the date of valuation (being the grant date of the relevant award). The grant share price was used to determine the
                             fair value for the LTEA and LTVR performance rights.
                         (2) Any performance rights that vest are automatically exercised at the end of the relevant restriction period for each tranche. The end of the restriction period for the
                             performance rights is also the expiry date for those performance rights. Awards may be released from the restriction period over several years on a pro-rata basis and
                             the range presented represents the earliest and latest vesting tranches.
                         (3) The number of deferred rights allocated to each eligible participant was calculated using the weighted average share price over the five trading days up to
                             30 September 2024. The deferred rights are split across two equal tranches vesting on 15 November in 2025 and 2026.
                         (4) Deferred shares provided to Ana Marinkovic, Cathryn Carver, Michael Saadie, and Peter Whitelaw relating to the period before they assumed KMP roles.
                         (5) Andrew Auerbach was granted a commencement award in accordance with his employment contract. The award is subject to continued employment, malus and
                             clawback provisions. The restricted shares are split across three equal tranches vesting on 31 December in 2026, 2027, and 2028.
                         (6) Michael Saadie received recognition awards before becoming a KMP. The shares are split across two equal tranches vesting in November 2027 and 2028.
                         (7) The number of LTI performance rights allocated to each eligible participant was calculated using the weighted average share price over the five trading days up to
                             30 September 2024. For the Group CEO, the awards are split across three equal tranches with restriction periods ending on 19 December in 2028, 2029, and 2030. For all
                             other Group Executives, the awards are split across two equal tranches with restriction periods ending on 19 December in 2028 and 2029.


                        Hedging policy

                        Directors and employees are prohibited from protecting the value of their equity awards by hedging. Further detail is available in
                        the Group Securities Trading Policy.
                        NAB’s Group Securities Trading Policy explains the law and the Policy our colleagues must comply with when trading in NAB
                        securities. All employees are prohibited from using derivatives in relation to elements of their remuneration that are unvested. In
                        addition, closely related parties of KMP are prohibited from using derivatives or otherwise entering into hedging arrangements in
                        relation to elements of their remuneration that are unvested or which have vested but remain subject to forfeiture conditions.
                        The Group Securities Trading Policy is available at nab.com.au/content/dam/nabrwd/documents/policy/corporate/group-
                        securities-trading-policy.pdf.




                        132   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        6.4 Rights holdings


                                                                                                                                                                                                         About
                        Rights were granted to the Group CEO and Group Executives in 2025 under the Annual VR, LTVR and LTEA plans. No rights or
                        performance options (i.e. entitlements to NAB shares) are granted to the Group CEO or Group Executives' related parties.

                                                                                                                                                                                                      this report
                        No performance options (i.e. a right requiring payment of a subscription price on vesting) are currently held by the Group CEO or
                        Group Executives. The number of rights that vested during the year was equivalent to the number of rights that were exercised
                        during the year. As at 30 September 2025, no rights held by the Group CEO or Group Executives were: (i) vested and exercisable;
                        nor (ii) vested but not exercisable.

                                                                                                                                                        Forfeited /


                                                                                                                                                                                                      Our business
                                                                                Balance at          Granted during                                        lapsed or
                                                                               beginning of                year as                Exercised          expired during         Balance at end
                                                                                       year(1)       remuneration                during year                   year                of year(2)


                                                                                                                                                                                                         in 2025
                         Name                                                              No.                     No.                     No.                     No.                       No.
                         Group CEO
                         Andrew Irvine                                                344,811                 105,098                 (105,828)                       -               344,081
                         Group Executives
                         Ana Marinkovic                                                       -                 45,004                        -                       -                 45,004




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Creating value




For personal use only
                         Andrew Auerbach (for part year)                                      -                       -                       -                       -                        -
                         Cathryn Carver                                                       -                 45,922                        -                       -                 45,922
                         Daniel Huggins                                               195,362                   53,604                 (10,046)                       -               238,920
                         Leslie Matheson                                              267,368                   54,328                 (88,275)                       -               233,421
                         Patrick Wright                                               463,426                   67,372                (130,192)                       -               400,606
                         Sarah White                                                    43,568                  41,590                        -                       -                 85,158
                         Sharon Cook                                                  233,896                   43,108                 (76,407)                       -               200,597

                                                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate
                         Shaun Dooley                                                 275,545                   56,346                 (83,457)                       -               248,434
                         Acting Group Executives(3)
                         Michael Saadie (for part year)                                  1,834                        -                 (1,834)                       -                        -     Governance
                         Peter Whitelaw (for part year)                                       -                       -                       -                       -                        -      Statement
                         Former Group Executives
                         Nathan Goonan (for part year)                                241,986                   54,068                 (76,833)               (219,221)                        -
                         Rachel Slade (for part year)                                 310,168                   56,966                (104,630)                (11,940)               250,564


                                                                                                                                                                                                         Risk
                         (1) Balance may include rights granted prior to individuals becoming KMP. For individuals who became KMP during 2025, the balance is at the date they became KMP.
                         (2) For Executives who ceased being KMP during 2025, the balance is as at the date they ceased being KMP.
                         (3) VR for Acting Group Executives is granted in shares rather than rights.


                                                                                                                                                                                                      management




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Report of


                                                                                                                                                                                                      the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                                       Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                      information




                                                                                                                                                                      2025 Annual Report       133
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        6.5 Group CEO and Group Executives' share ownership

                        NAB maintains a minimum shareholding policy. Holdings included in meeting the minimum shareholding requirement are NAB
                        shares, unvested deferred shares and deferred rights not subject to further performance conditions held by the executive and
                        shares held by a closely related party or self-managed superannuation fund for the benefit of the executive. The number of
                        NAB shares held (directly and nominally) by the Group CEO and each Group Executive or their related parties (their close family
                        members or any entity they, or their close family members, control, jointly control or significantly influence) are set out below:

                                                                                                                                Received
                                                                                                                                  during
                                                                                                             Granted             year on          Other
                                                                      Minimum             Balance at      during year           exercise        changes         Balance at
                                                                      Shareholding         beginning(1)            as                  of         during            end of        Qualifying
                                                                      Requirement            of year(2) remuneration               rights           year              year(3)       Awards(4)
                         Name                                                                      No.                  No.            No.             No.               No.                No.
                         Group CEO
                         Andrew Irvine                                Met                       50,489                     -       105,828        (31,000)           125,317              50,558
                         Group Executives
                         Ana Marinkovic                               On track                  86,536                3,999               -       (15,407)            75,128              29,018




For personal use only
                         Andrew Auerbach (for part year)              On track                        -              41,439               -              -            41,439              41,439
                         Cathryn Carver                               On track                  99,195               11,034               -       (57,569)            52,660              54,469
                         Daniel Huggins                               On track                        -                    -        10,046        (10,046)                  -             35,097
                         Leslie Matheson                              On track                   3,606                     -        88,275        (84,647)             7,234              34,210
                         Patrick Wright                               Met                        2,000                     -       130,192       (104,192)            28,000              52,431
                         Sarah White                                  On track                  13,673                     -              -         (4,606)            9,067              15,761
                         Sharon Cook                                  Met                       12,091                     -        76,407        (71,938)            16,560              29,489
                         Shaun Dooley                                 Met                      116,176                     -        83,457        (34,933)           164,700              29,057
                         Acting Group Executives
                         Michael Saadie (for part year)               N/A                       57,015                     -         1,834          (1,834)           57,015                N/A
                         Peter Whitelaw (for part year)               N/A                       37,971                     -              -              -            37,971                N/A
                         Former Group Executives
                         Nathan Goonan (for part year)                Met                       14,387                     -        76,833        (41,666)            49,554                   -
                         Rachel Slade (for part year)                 Met                       51,372                     -       104,630       (104,630)            51,372              43,635
                         (1) Balance may include shares held prior to individuals becoming KMP. For individuals who became KMP during 2025, the balance is at the date they became KMP.
                         (2) Opening balance for executive shareholdings have been aligned to registry records as of 30 September 2025. Any adjustments do not affect reported
                             remuneration outcomes.
                         (3) For Executives who ceased being KMP during 2025, the balance is as at the date they ceased being KMP.
                         (4) Qualifying awards are not subject to performance conditions. The Group CEO and Group Executives have all met or are on track to meet the minimum
                             shareholding requirement.




                        134   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        6.6 Group CEO and Group Executive contract terms


                                                                                                                                                                                                    About
                        The Group CEO and permanent Group Executives are employed on the following contractual terms:



                                                                                                                                                                                                 this report
                         Contractual term             Arrangement
                         Duration                     •   Permanent ongoing employment
                         Notice period(1)(2)          •   26 weeks
                         Other key                    •   If the Group CEO or a Group Executive resigns they do not receive any annual or long-term VR in that year and
                         arrangements                     any unvested awards are forfeited.
                         on separation                •   If the Group CEO or a Group Executive ceases employment for any reason other than resignation (for example,

                                                                                                                                                                                                 Our business
                                                          retrenchment or retirement), they will retain all of their unvested awards unless the Board exercises its
                                                          discretion to determine a different treatment.(3)
                                                      •   All statutory entitlements are paid.

                                                                                                                                                                                                    in 2025
                         Change of control            •   If a change of control occurs, the Board has discretion to determine the treatment of unvested shares and
                                                          rights. Vesting of shares and rights will not be automatic or accelerated and the Board will retain discretion in
                                                          relation to the vesting outcome including absolute discretion to forfeit all shares and rights.
                         Post-employment              •   Non-compete and non-solicitation obligations apply.
                         obligations
                         Minimum                      •   The Group CEO is required to hold NAB shares to the value of two times FR and Group Executives are required




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value




For personal use only
                         shareholding policy              to hold NAB shares equal to their individual FR.
                                                      •   The Group CEO and Group Executives are required to satisfy the minimum shareholding requirement within a
                                                          five-year period from the date of commencement in their role.
                                                      •   Holdings included in meeting the minimum shareholding requirement are NAB shares, unvested deferred
                                                          shares and deferred rights not subject to further performance conditions held by the executive and shares
                                                          held by a closely related party or self-managed superannuation fund for the benefit of the executive.
                         (1) Payment in lieu of notice for some or all of the notice period may be approved by the Board in certain circumstances. Termination payments are not paid on
                             resignation, summary termination or termination for unsatisfactory performance, although the Board may determine exceptions to this.
                         (2) 12 weeks for the Acting Chief Risk Officer.
                         (3) Any unvested awards retained will be held by the Group CEO or Group Executive on the same terms. Unvested LTI awards retained (including the LTEA and LTVR
                             components) will remain subject to the performance measure, with that measure tested in accordance with the normal timetable.                                       Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                                Governance
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Statement




                                                                                                                                                                                                    Risk

                                                                                                                                                                                                 management




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Report of


                                                                                                                                                                                                 the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                                  Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                 information




                                                                                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report   135
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        Section 7 - Non-executive director remuneration
                        7.1 Fee policy and pool

                        Non-executive directors receive fees to recognise their contribution to the work of the Board. Additional fees are paid, where
                        applicable, for serving on Board committees, on Boards of controlled entities and internal advisory boards. Fees include NAB’s
                        compulsory contributions to superannuation. Fees are set to reflect the time commitment and responsibilities of the role. The
                        Board undertook a review of the quantum of Board fees in December 2024 and based on this review, the Board approved an
                        increase to Board fees effective 1 January 2025. The Board also approved a new fee policy such that if a Board member is the
                        Chair or Co-Chair of an Advisory Group, they will receive a fee.
                        To maintain independence and objectivity, non-executive directors do not receive any performance related remuneration.
                        Non-executive directors do not receive any termination payments.
                        The total amount of non-executive directors' remuneration is capped at a maximum aggregate fee pool that is approved by
                        shareholders. The current aggregate fee pool of $4.5 million per annum was approved by shareholders at NAB's 2008 AGM.
                        The total Board and committee fees, including superannuation, paid to non-executive directors in 2025 are within the approved
                        aggregate fee pool.
                        The following table shows the 2025 non-executive director Board, committee and advisory group fee policy structure (effective
                        from 1 January 2025).




For personal use only
                                                                                         2025                                      2024
                                                                                                Non-executive                             Non-executive
                                                                           Chair ($pa)          director ($pa)       Chair ($pa)          director ($pa)
                         Board                                                 850,000                 245,000           850,000                 245,000
                         Audit Committee                                        70,000                  35,000            65,000                  32,500
                         Risk & Compliance Committee                            70,000                  35,000            65,000                  32,500
                         People & Remuneration Committee                        70,000                  35,000            65,000                  32,500
                         Customer Committee                                     48,600                  24,300            45,000                  22,500
                         Nomination & Governance Committee                           -                  10,800                 -                  10,000
                         First Nations Advisory Group                           35,000                       -                 -                       -


                        7.2 Minimum shareholding policy
                        To align with shareholder interests, the Board has adopted a policy that non-executive directors must hold a minimum number
                        of NAB ordinary shares equal in value to the Chair’s and other directors’ respective annual Board fees within five years
                        of appointment.
                        Under the policy, the minimum number of shares required to be held is based on the amount outlaid to buy the shares. As a
                        result, the number of shares a non-executive director must hold is different for each director.




                        136   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        7.3 Statutory remuneration


                                                                                                                                                                                                        About
                        The fees paid to the non-executive directors are set out in the table below.



                                                                                                                                                                                                     this report
                                                                                                                                               Post-employment
                                                                                                    Short-term benefits                            benefits
                                                                                                  Cash salary(1)
                                                                                                    and fees(2)       Non-monetary(3)            Superannuation(4)                       Total
                         Name                                                                                  $                       $                            $                         $
                         Non-executive directors


                                                                                                                                                                                                     Our business
                         Philip Chronican (Chair)                            2025                      820,050                      570                      29,949                   850,569
                                                                              2024                      815,718                   2,079                       28,032                   845,829


                                                                                                                                                                                                        in 2025
                         Alison Kitchen                                      2025                      307,651                    6,406                      29,949                   344,006
                                                                              2024                      291,760                        -                      28,032                   319,792
                         Ann Sherry   (5)
                                                                             2025                      323,376                         -                     29,949                   353,325
                                                                              2024                      290,718                   3,920                       28,032                   322,670
                         Carolyn Kay                                         2025                      324,350                    6,406                             -                 330,756




                                                                                                                                                                                                       Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                              2024                      289,431                        -                      20,549                   309,980
                         Christine Fellowes                                  2025                      246,276                    6,406                      56,949                   309,631
                                                                              2024                      263,458                        -                      27,743                   291,201
                         Kathryn Fagg                                        2025                      318,176                         -                     29,949                   348,125
                                                                              2024                      305,044                        -                      28,032                   333,076
                         Simon McKeon                                        2025                      314,818                    6,405                      29,949                   351,172
                                                                              2024                      293,773                        -                      28,032                   321,805

                                                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate
                         Warwick Hunt (for part year)     (6)
                                                                             2025                      487,528                         -                     24,961                   512,489
                         Former non-executive directors
                         Anne Loveridge (for part year)                      2025                       69,091                    1,753                             -                  70,844       Governance
                                                                              2024                      320,813                     368                             -                  321,181       Statement
                         Douglas McKay (for part year)                       2025                       58,261                    2,319                        6,512                   67,092
                                                                              2024                      472,927                   5,658                       28,032                   506,617
                         David Armstrong (for part year)                      2024                       70,982                   1,436                             -                   72,418


                                                                                                                                                                                                        Risk
                         Peeyush Gupta (for part year)                        2024                       58,261                   1,436                        5,886                    65,583
                         Total                                               2025                    3,269,577                  30,265                      238,167                 3,538,009



                                                                                                                                                                                                     management
                         Total                                                2024                    3,472,885                  14,897                      222,370                 3,710,152
                         (1) The portion of fees in connection with their roles, duties and responsibilities as a non-executive director, and includes attendance at meetings of the Board, Board
                             committees and boards of controlled entities, received as cash.
                         (2) In December 2024, the Board approved increases to non-executive director fees, effective from 1 January 2025. Refer to Section 7.1 for further details.
                         (3) Relates to gifts and other incidental benefits for the individual.
                         (4) Reflects compulsory company contributions to superannuation. Anne Loveridge and Carolyn Kay elected to receive all or part of their payments in fees and therefore
                             received reduced or nil superannuation contributions during this period.


                                                                                                                                                                                                       Report of
                         (5) Ann Sherry received a fee as Co-Chair of the First Nations Advisory Group from 1 January 2025 (when the relevant fee policy commenced). Ms Sherry has been Co-Chair
                             since 18 May 2020 and did not receive back-pay for the period prior to 1 January 2025.
                         (6) Warwick Hunt received fees of $330,000 in his capacity as Chair of BNZ, with payment made in NZD.



                                                                                                                                                                                                     the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                                       Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                                      Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                     information




                                                                                                                                                                        2025 Annual Report    137
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        7.4 Non-executive directors' share ownership and other interests

                        The number of NAB shares held (directly and nominally) by each non-executive director of NAB and the Group or their related
                        parties (their close family members or any entity they, or their close family members, control, jointly control or significantly
                        influence) are set out below. No rights or performance options are granted to non-executive directors or their related parties.

                                                                     Minimum
                                                                     Shareholding                  Balance at                                     Other changes    Balance at end(2)
                                                                     Requirement             beginning of year(1)              Acquired              during year          of year(3)
                         Name                                                                                 No.                     No.                   No.                No.
                         Non-executive directors
                         Philip Chronican (Chair)                    Met                                   42,120                        -                     -            42,120
                         Alison Kitchen                              Met                                     6,120                  1,297                      -             7,417
                         Ann Sherry                                  Met                                   12,698                        -                     -            12,698
                         Carolyn Kay                                 Met                                   13,226                     136                      -            13,362
                         Christine Fellowes                          Met                                     4,895                  2,405                      -             7,300
                         Kathryn Fagg                                Met                                     9,426                       -                     -             9,426
                         Simon McKeon                                Met                                   15,000                        -                     -            15,000




For personal use only
                         Warwick Hunt (for part year)                Met                                     6,300                       -                     -             6,300
                         Former non-executive directors
                         Anne Loveridge (for part year)              Met                                   12,120                        -                     -            12,120
                         Douglas McKay (for part year)               Met                                   11,972                        -                     -            11,972
                         (1) Balance may include shares held prior to individuals becoming a non-executive director.
                         (2) All non-executive directors have met their minimum shareholding requirements.
                         (3) For non-executive directors who ceased being KMP during 2025, the balance is as at the date they ceased being KMP.




                        138   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        Section 8 - Loans, other transactions and other interests
                        8.1 Loans
                                                                                                                                                                                                              About
                        Loans made to non-executive directors of NAB are made in the ordinary course of business on terms equivalent to those that
                        prevail in arm's length transactions. Loans to the Group CEO and Group Executives may be made on similar terms and conditions                                                      this report
                        generally available to other employees of the Group. Loans to KMP of NAB and the Group may be subject to restrictions under
                        applicable laws and regulations including the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). The opening balance is 1 October and closing balance
                        is 30 September, or the date of commencement or cessation of a KMP.

                        Total aggregated loans provided to KMP and their related parties

                                                                                             Balance at                                                                                                    Our business

                                                                                                                                                                                                              in 2025
                                                                 Terms and                    beginning              Interest           Interest not                              Balance at end
                                                                 conditions                     of year(1)           charged(2)             charged(2)        Write-off(2)               of year(3)
                         NAB and the Group                                                               $                    $                     $                    $                        $
                         KMP(4)                                  Normal                          12,611,810            300,281                      -                    -                10,491,199
                                                                 Employee                        39,547,573          1,595,085                      -                    -                31,899,335
                         Other related parties                   Normal                          25,234,195            640,423                      -                    -                25,756,808




                                                                                                                                                                                                             Creating value
                                                    (5)




For personal use only
                         (1) For KMPs who commenced during the year, the balance is as at the date they became a KMP.
                         (2) Relates to the period during which the Group Executive was KMP.
                         (3) For KMPs who ceased during the year, the balance is as at the date they ceased to be a KMP.
                         (4) The aggregated loan balance at the end of the year includes loans issued to 21 KMP.
                         (5) Includes the KMP's related parties, which includes their close family members or any entity they or their close family members control, jointly control or
                             significantly influence.


                        Aggregated loans to KMP and their related parties above $100,000

                                                                                                              KMP and related parties                                                 KMP only
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Corporate
                                                                                Balance at                                Interest                            Balance at                 Highest
                                                                                 beginning(1)          Interest                not                                end of           indebtedness           Governance
                                                                                   of year(2)          charged(3)         charged            Write-off              year(4)          during 2025(5)
                         NAB and the Group                                                   $                  $                   $                   $                    $                    $        Statement
                         Non-executive directors
                         Carolyn Kay                                                 665,054              19,018                    -                    -         617,904                  670,167
                         Douglas McKay (for part year)                             1,501,249              13,886                    -                    -       1,482,379                      242


                                                                                                                                                                                                              Risk
                         Kathryn Fagg                                              2,654,108              69,280                    -                    -       2,574,188                 2,658,491
                         Simon McKeon                                              1,719,859             118,817                    -                    -       2,471,665                          -


                                                                                                                                                                                                           management
                         Group CEO
                         Andrew Irvine                                            15,478,449             699,904                    -                    -      14,664,782                15,515,485
                         Group Executives
                         Ana Marinkovic                                            6,930,380             377,765                    -                    -       6,792,639                 7,669,953
                         Cathryn Carver                                            3,439,014             124,789                    -                    -       2,773,109                 4,000,581


                                                                                                                                                                                                             Report of
                         Daniel Huggins                                            4,808,869             240,581                    -                    -       4,249,287                 4,782,514
                         Leslie Matheson                                           2,424,119              80,352                    -                    -       1,007,780                   74,059


                                                                                                                                                                                                           the Directors
                         Patrick Wright                                            2,577,515              49,753                    -                    -       1,791,770                   45,100
                         Sarah White                                               3,492,274             168,576                    -                    -       2,449,854                 4,632,099
                         Sharon Cook                                               3,242,351             100,589                    -                    -       2,215,485                  893,377
                         Shaun Dooley                                              1,013,517              58,074                    -                    -       1,348,129                  563,220
                         Acting Group Executives




                                                                                                                                                                                                             Financial report
                         Michael Saadie (for part year)                           18,137,360             268,131                    -                    -      18,428,988                 5,302,992
                         Former Group Executives
                         Rachel Slade (for part year)                              5,102,986              82,112                    -                    -       2,683,234                 5,091,772
                         Nathan Goonan (for part year)                             4,158,047              64,145                    -                    -       2,544,303                 4,178,316
                         (1) For KMPs who commenced during the year, the balance is as at the date they became a KMP.
                         (2) The opening balance for the aggregated loans has been realigned to reflect an adjustment to the 2024 closing balance.
                         (3) The interest charged may include the impact of interest offset facilities and only relates to the period during which the non-executive director, Group CEO or Group
                             Executive was KMP.
                         (4) For KMPs who ceased during the year, the balance is as at the date they ceased to be a KMP.

                                                                                                                                                                                                            Additional
                         (5) Represents the highest aggregated indebtedness of the KMP during 2025, excluding any loans to related parties.




                                                                                                                                                                                                           information




                                                                                                                                                                             2025 Annual Report     139
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        8.2 Other transactions

                        From time to time various KMP and their related parties will hold investments in funds that are either managed, related to or
                        controlled by the Group. All such transactions with KMP and their related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that
                        prevail in arm's length transactions.
                        All other transactions that have occurred with KMP are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's length
                        transactions. These transactions generally involve the provision of financial and investment services including services to
                        eligible international assignees ensuring they are neither financially advantaged nor disadvantaged by their relocation. All such
                        transactions that have occurred with KMP and their related parties have been trivial or domestic in nature. In this context,
                        transactions are trivial in nature when they are considered of little or no interest to the users of the Remuneration Report in
                        making and evaluating decisions about the allocation of scarce resources. Transactions are domestic in nature when they relate
                        to personal household activities.

                        8.3 Other equity instrument holdings

                        In the year ending 30 September 2025, no KMP or their related parties held or transacted any equity instruments (either directly or
                        indirectly) other than the NAB shares and equity-based compensation disclosed in Sections 6 and 7.

                        8.4 Other relevant interests




For personal use only
                        Each KMP or their related parties from time to time invest in various debentures, registered schemes and securities offered by
                        NAB and certain subsidiaries of NAB. The level of interests held directly and indirectly as at 30 September 2025 were:

                         Name                               Nature of product                    Relevant Interest (Units)
                         Non-executive directors
                         Ann Sherry                         NAB Capital Notes 3                                      1,500
                         Group Executives
                         Sharon Cook                        NAB Capital Notes 3                                      2,000


                        There are no contracts, other than those disclosed in Table 8.4 immediately above, to which directors are a party, or under
                        which the directors are entitled to a benefit and that confer the right to call for, or deliver shares in, debentures of, or interests
                        in, a registered scheme made available by NAB or a related body corporate. All of the directors have disclosed interests in
                        organisations not related to the Group and are to be regarded as interested in any contract or proposed contract that may be
                        made between NAB and any such organisations.




                        140   National Australia Bank
                        Directors' signatures
                        This report of directors is signed in accordance with a resolution of the directors:



                                                                                                                                              About

                                                                                                                                           this report

                         Philip Chronican
                         Chair
                         6 November 2025


                                                                                                                                           Our business

                                                                                                                                              in 2025

                         Andrew Irvine
                         Group Chief Executive Officer




                                                                                                                                             Creating value




For personal use only
                         6 November 2025




                                                                                                                                           Corporate
                                                                                                                                          Governance
                                                                                                                                           Statement




                                                                                                                                              Risk

                                                                                                                                           management




                                                                                                                                             Report of


                                                                                                                                           the Directors




                                                                                                                                             Financial report




                                                                                                                                            Additional

                                                                                                                                           information




                                                                                                               2025 Annual Report   141
                                                                         Ernst & Young
                                                                         8 Exhibition Street              Tel: +61 3 9288 8000
                                                                         Melbourne VIC 3000 Australia     Fax: +61 3 8650 7777
                                                                         GPO Box 67, Melbourne VIC 3001   ey.com/au




                        Auditor’s Independence Declaration to the Directors of National Australia
                        Bank Limited

                        As lead auditor for the audit of the financial report of National Australia Bank Limited for the financial year
                        ended 30 September 2025, I declare to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

                              a) no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
                                 relation to the audit;




For personal use only
                              b) no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit; and
                              c) no non-audit services provided that contravene any applicable code of professional conduct in
                                 relation to the audit.

                        This declaration is in respect of National Australia Bank Limited and the entities it controlled during the
                        financial year.




                        Ernst & Young




                        T M Dring
                        Partner
                        6 November 2025




                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation

                        142   National Australia Bank
                                               Corporate
   About      Our business                                    Risk        Report of                         Additional
                             Creating value   Governance                                Financial report
this report      in 2025                                   management   the Directors                      information
                                               Statement
                       Financial
                       report
                             For personal use only
                        Financial report
                        Income statements                                              145

                        Statements of comprehensive income                             146

                        Balance sheets                                                 147

                        Statements of cash flows                                       148

                        Statements of changes in equity                                150

                        Consolidated entity disclosure statement                       237

                        Directors' declaration                                         239

                        Report on the audit of the financial report                    240




                        Introduction                                                  152      Other assets and liabilities                          208
                        Notes to the financial statements                                152




                        Note 1 Basis of preparation                                    152     Note 22 Goodwill and other intangible assets           208




For personal use only
                                                                                               Note 23 Other assets                                   210

                        Financial performance                                         154      Note 24 Provisions                                     211

                                                                                               Note 25 Other liabilities                              212
                        Note 2 Segment information                                     155

                        Note 3 Net interest income                                     157

                        Note 4 Other operating income                                 158      Capital management                                    213
                        Note 5 Operating expenses                                      160     Note 26 Contributed equity                             213

                        Note 6 Income tax                                              162     Note 27 Non-controlling interests                      214

                        Note 7 Earnings per share                                      164     Note 28 Reserves                                       215

                                                                                               Note 29 Dividends                                      216

                        Financial instruments                                         165
                                                                                               Unrecognised items                                    218
                        Assets
                                                                                               Note 30 Commitments and contingent liabilities         218
                        Note 8 Cash and balances with other banks                     168

                        Note 9 Trading assets                                         168

                        Note 10 Debt instruments                                       169     Other disclosures                                     221
                        Note 11 Other financial assets                                 169     Note 31 Interest in subsidiaries and other entities    221
                        Note 12 Loans and advances                                     170     Note 32 Related party disclosures                      224

                                                                                               Note 33 Remuneration of external auditor               226
                        Liabilities
                                                                                               Note 34 Equity-based plans                             227
                        Note 13 Deposits and other borrowings                          170
                                                                                               Note 35 Capital adequacy                               233
                        Note 14 Bonds, notes and subordinated debt                     171
                                                                                               Note 36 Notes to the statement of cash flows           234
                        Note 15 Debt issues                                            173
                                                                                               Note 37 Events subsequent to reporting date            236
                        Note 16 Other financial liabilities                            174

                        Risk management
                        Note 17 Provision for credit impairment                        175

                        Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting                      182

                        Note 19 Financial risk management                              190

                        Note 20 Fair value of financial instruments                   203

                        Note 21 Financial asset transfers                             207




                        144                                 National Australia Bank
                        Financial report

                        Income statements

                                                                                                                                               Group                          Company
                         For the year ended 30 September                                                                  Note             2025           2024              2025           2024

                                                                                                                                                                                                          About
                                                                                                                                             $m             $m                $m             $m
                         Interest income
                          Effective interest rate method                                                                                49,870           52,012          46,290           48,036
                                                                                                                                                                                                       this report
                          Fair value through profit or loss                                                                               6,909           6,285            6,432           5,745
                         Interest expense                                                                                              (39,376)         (41,540)        (39,309)         (41,056)
                         Net interest income                                                                                 3          17,403           16,757          13,413           12,725
                         Other operating income(1)                                                                           4            3,469           3,875            5,268           5,547

                                                                                                                                                                                                       Our business
                         Operating expenses(1)                                                                               5         (10,348)         (10,012)          (9,356)         (8,807)
                         Credit impairment charge                                                                           17             (833)           (741)            (806)           (619)

                                                                                                                                                                                                          in 2025
                         Profit before income tax                                                                                         9,691           9,879            8,519           8,846
                         Income tax expense                                                                                  6           (2,864)         (2,798)          (2,152)         (1,952)
                         Net profit for the year from continuing operations                                                               6,827           7,081            6,367           6,894
                         Net loss after tax for the year from discontinued operations(2)                                                    (29)           (103)                -               -
                         Net profit for the year                                                                                          6,798           6,978            6,367           6,894




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Creating value




For personal use only
                          Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                           39             18                 -               -
                          Attributable to owners of the Company                                                                           6,759           6,960            6,367           6,894


                         Earnings per share                                                                                              cents           cents
                         Basic                                                                                               7            221.0           224.6
                         Diluted                                                                                             7            219.9           222.7
                         Basic from continuing operations                                                                    7            221.9           227.9
                         Diluted from continuing operations                                                                  7            220.8           225.8                                        Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Governance
                         (1) Comparative information has been restated to align to the presentation in the current period. Refer to Note 1 Basis of preparation.
                         (2) Discontinued operations in the 2025 financial year primarily relate to costs associated with managing the run-off of the MLC Wealth retained entities and MLC Wealth

                                                                                                                                                                                                       Statement
                             customer-related remediation.




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Risk

                                                                                                                                                                                                       management




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Report of

                                                                                                                                                                                                       the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                       information




                                                                                                                                                                        2025 Annual Report      145
                        Financial report

                        Statements of comprehensive income

                                                                                                                               Group                                  Company
                         For the year ended 30 September                                                                  2025                    2024              2025        2024
                                                                                                                             $m                     $m                $m         $m
                         Net profit for the year from continuing operations                                               6,827                   7,081             6,367       6,894
                         Other comprehensive income
                         Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
                         Fair value changes attributable to the Group's own credit risk
                         on financial liabilities designated at fair value                                                     2                    (87)               4          (95)
                         Revaluation of land and buildings                                                                     -                      (2)               -           -
                         Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
                         income reserve:
                           Revaluation (losses) / gains                                                                       (2)                      4               4           5
                         Tax on items transferred directly to equity                                                           -                     26                (1)        26
                         Total items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss                                           -                    (59)               7          (64)
                         Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit
                         or loss
                         Cash flow hedge reserve                                                                            663                   2,101              486        2,152




For personal use only
                         Cost of hedging reserve                                                                              (9)                  (198)             (33)         (87)
                         Foreign currency translation reserve:
                           Currency adjustments on translation of foreign operations,
                           net of hedging                                                                                  (375)                   (222)             121          (41)
                           Transfer to the income statement on disposal or partial
                           disposal of foreign operations                                                                   (19)                       -             (19)           -
                         Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
                         income reserve:
                           Revaluation gains / (losses)                                                                     233                    (520)             232        (520)
                           Losses from sale transferred to income statement                                                 136                     104              136         104
                         Tax on items transferred directly to equity                                                       (304)                   (445)            (246)       (492)
                         Total items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit
                         or loss                                                                                            325                     820              677        1,116
                         Other comprehensive income for the year, net of
                         income tax                                                                                         325                     761              684        1,052
                         Total comprehensive income for the year from
                         continuing operations                                                                            7,152                   7,842             7,051       7,946
                         Net loss after tax for the year from discontinued operations                                       (29)                   (103)                -           -
                         Total comprehensive income for the year                                                          7,123                   7,739             7,051       7,946
                         Attributable to non-controlling interests(1)                                                          6                     18                 -           -
                         Total comprehensive income attributable to owners of
                         the Company                                                                                      7,117                   7,721             7,051       7,946
                         (1) The Group includes a $33 million loss (2024: $nil) relating to foreign currency translation of the non-controlling interests in BNZ.




                        146   National Australia Bank
                        Financial report

                        Balance sheets

                                                                                              Group                     Company
                         As at 30 September                                     Note       2025           2024        2025          2024

                                                                                                                                                    About
                                                                                             $m            $m           $m            $m
                         Assets
                         Cash and liquid assets                                  8        2,604          2,499       2,407          2,318
                                                                                                                                                 this report
                         Due from other banks                                    8       91,946        110,438      86,451        105,061
                         Collateral placed                                                5,763          9,633       5,267          8,929
                         Trading assets                                          9      144,571        133,606     132,229        120,517
                         Derivative assets                                       18      21,826         28,766      20,695         28,458

                                                                                                                                                 Our business
                         Debt instruments                                        10      46,947         41,999      44,702         41,983
                         Other financial assets                                  11         688            769         688           769

                                                                                                                                                    in 2025
                         Loans and advances                                      12     776,126        732,692     677,552        634,346
                         Current tax assets                                                  25             25          23               25
                         Due from controlled entities                                          -             -      55,638         51,039
                         Deferred tax assets                                     6        3,052          3,181       2,708          2,802
                         Property, plant and equipment                                    2,713          2,865       2,019          2,220




                                                                                                                                                   Creating value




For personal use only
                         Investments in controlled entities                                    -             -      10,406         11,076
                         Goodwill and other intangible assets                    22       5,622          5,224       2,981          2,661
                         Other assets                                            23       6,936          8,551       5,674          6,884
                         Assets held for sale                                    31         243              -         477                -
                         Total assets                                                  1,109,062      1,080,248   1,049,917     1,019,088
                         Liabilities
                         Due to other banks                                      8       12,369         12,328       9,239          7,909
                         Collateral received                                              4,819          5,151       4,081          4,180        Corporate
                                                                                                                                                Governance
                         Other financial liabilities                             16      70,464         70,272      62,444         62,836
                         Deposits and other borrowings                           13     736,159        712,566     659,256        636,565
                         Derivative liabilities                                  18      20,203         32,576      23,305         33,013        Statement
                         Current tax liabilities                                            871          1,042         661           864
                         Provisions                                              24       1,745          1,804       1,399          1,466
                         Due to controlled entities                                            -             -      51,920         51,830


                                                                                                                                                    Risk
                         Bonds, notes and subordinated debt                      14     174,307        156,294     157,412        140,556
                         Debt issued                                             15       8,972          9,560       8,972          9,560


                                                                                                                                                 management
                         Other liabilities                                       25      15,506         16,442      12,502         12,984
                         Total liabilities                                             1,045,415      1,018,035    991,191        961,763
                         Net assets                                                      63,647         62,213      58,726         57,325
                         Equity
                         Contributed equity                                      26      36,123         36,581      35,337         35,795


                                                                                                                                                   Report of
                         Reserves                                                28         (21)          (362)        232           (434)
                         Retained profits                                                26,820         25,236      23,157         21,964


                                                                                                                                                 the Directors
                         Total equity (attributable to owners of the Company)            62,922         61,455      58,726         57,325
                         Non-controlling interests                               27         725            758            -               -
                         Total equity                                                    63,647         62,213      58,726         57,325




                                                                                                                                                   Financial report




                                                                                                                                                  Additional

                                                                                                                                                 information




                                                                                                                    2025 Annual Report    147
                        Financial report

                        Statements of cash flows

                                                                                                                Group                  Company
                         For the year ended 30 September                                           Note     2025          2024       2025        2024
                                                                                                              $m           $m          $m          $m
                         Cash flows from operating activities
                         Interest received                                                                57,271        58,715     53,218     54,250
                         Interest paid                                                                    (40,394)      (40,575)   (40,168)   (40,251)
                         Dividends received                                                                   10              4      2,410       3,108
                         Net trading income received                                                        4,196          405       3,205          65
                         Net other income received                                                          2,601        2,392       1,938       1,752
                         Operating expenses paid                                                           (7,708)       (7,712)    (7,027)      (6,585)
                         Income tax paid                                                                   (3,157)       (2,834)    (2,465)      (2,208)
                         Cash flows from operating activities before changes in operating assets
                         and liabilities                                                                  12,819        10,395     11,111     10,131
                         Changes in operating assets and liabilities
                         Net (increase) / decrease in
                          Collateral placed                                                                 3,864        1,637       3,685       1,283




For personal use only
                          Deposits with central banks and other regulatory authorities                    27,146         2,934     27,146        2,934
                          Trading assets                                                                   (8,589)      (31,708)    (9,148)   (29,764)
                          Other financial assets designated at fair value                                     86           610         86           54
                          Loans and advances                                                              (47,164)      (32,547)   (42,763)   (27,953)
                          Other assets                                                                      (616)          999       (933)       1,346
                         Net increase / (decrease) in
                          Collateral received                                                               (295)        (5,513)     (105)       (5,111)
                          Deposits and other borrowings                                                   24,707        31,687     20,532     28,195
                          Other financial liabilities                                                        984         7,452       (723)    10,752
                          Other liabilities                                                                 (370)        (2,807)      195        (3,660)
                         Net funds advanced to and receipts from other banks                               (2,269)      (23,145)     (869)    (23,209)
                         Net movement in derivative assets and liabilities                                 (1,792)       4,225        230        2,794
                         Changes in operating assets and liabilities arising from cash
                         flow movements                                                                    (4,308)      (46,176)    (2,667)   (42,339)
                         Net cash provided by / (used in) operating activities                      36      8,511       (35,781)     8,444    (32,208)
                         Cash flows from investing activities
                         Movement in debt instruments
                          Purchases                                                                       (30,242)      (27,966)   (27,945)   (27,957)
                          Proceeds from disposal and maturity                                             25,968        33,927     25,842     33,914
                         Net movement in other debt and equity instruments                                    (25)          69         16           94
                         Net movement in amounts due from controlled entities                                   -             -     (4,416)       (770)
                         Net movement in shares in controlled entities                                          -             -       796          611
                         Net movement in shares in associates and joint ventures                               (1)           (4)         -            -
                         Proceeds from sale of controlled entities and business closures, net of
                         costs and cash disposed                                                                -          104           -            -
                         Purchase of property, plant, equipment and software                               (1,405)       (1,440)    (1,127)      (1,168)
                         Proceeds from sale of property, plant, equipment and software, net
                         of costs                                                                              (3)            1          2            -
                         Net cash provided by / (used in) investing activities                             (5,708)       4,691      (6,832)      4,724




                        148   National Australia Bank
                        Financial report

                        Statements of cash flows

                                                                                                                 Group                   Company
                         For the year ended 30 September                                                     2025          2024        2025         2024

                                                                                                                                                                     About
                                                                                                               $m           $m          $m           $m
                         Cash flows from financing activities
                         Repayments of bonds‚ notes and subordinated debt                                  (33,407)      (26,638)   (29,222)      (20,734)
                                                                                                                                                                  this report
                         Proceeds from issue of bonds‚ notes and subordinated debt‚ net of costs(1)        42,893        42,783      39,901       37,655
                         Payments for share buy-back                                                         (616)        (2,077)      (616)       (2,077)
                         Purchase of shares for dividend reinvestment plan neutralisation                    (388)         (509)       (388)        (509)
                         Purchase of treasury shares for employee share offer                                    -           (25)          -             (25)

                                                                                                                                                                  Our business
                         Proceeds from debt issued, net of costs                                                 -          999            -         999
                         Proceeds from issue of BNZ perpetual preference shares                                  -          404            -               -

                                                                                                                                                                     in 2025
                         Repayments of debt issues                                                           (600)             -       (600)               -
                         Dividends and distributions paid (excluding dividend reinvestment plan)            (4,828)       (4,700)    (4,789)       (4,682)
                         Repayments of other financing activities                                            (336)         (321)       (305)        (283)
                         Net cash provided by / (used in) financing activities                               2,718        9,916       3,981       10,344
                         Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                              5,521       (21,174)     5,593       (17,140)




                                                                                                                                                                    Creating value




For personal use only
                         Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                  18,836        40,589      14,145       31,781
                         Effects of foreign exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                       461          (579)        502         (496)
                         Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                     36   24,818        18,836      20,240       14,145
                         (1) Includes RBNZ's FLP.




                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                 Governance
                                                                                                                                                                  Statement




                                                                                                                                                                     Risk

                                                                                                                                                                  management




                                                                                                                                                                    Report of

                                                                                                                                                                  the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                   Additional

                                                                                                                                                                  information




                                                                                                                                    2025 Annual Report     149
                        Financial report

                        Statements of changes in equity

                                                                                                                                                            Non-
                                                                                          Contributed                           Retained               controlling     Total
                                                                                               equity(1)       Reserves(2)        profits     Total     interests     equity
                         Group                                                                        $m               $m             $m        $m             $m        $m
                         Year to 30 September 2024
                         Balance at 1 October 2023                                                38,546            (1,192)        23,529    60,883           349     61,232
                         Net profit for the year from continuing operations                             -                 -         7,063     7,063            18      7,081
                         Net loss for the year from discontinued operations                             -                 -          (103)     (103)             -      (103)
                         Other comprehensive income for the year from
                         continuing operations                                                          -              822            (61)     761               -       761
                         Total comprehensive income for the year                                        -              822          6,899     7,721            18      7,739
                         Transactions with owners, recorded directly
                         in equity
                          Contributions by and distributions to owners
                              Share buy-back                                                       (2,077)                -             -    (2,077)             -    (2,077)
                              Purchase of treasury shares for employee
                              share offer(3)                                                          (25)                -             -       (25)             -       (25)
                              Transfer from / (to) retained profits                                     -                (4)            4         -              -         -




For personal use only
                              Transfer from / (to) equity-based
                              compensation reserve                                                    137             (137)             -         -              -         -
                              Equity-based compensation                                                 -              149              -      149               -       149
                              Dividends and distributions paid(4)                                       -                 -        (5,191)   (5,191)           (18)   (5,209)
                          Other equity movements
                              Issue of BNZ perpetual preference shares(5)                               -                 -            (5)       (5)          409        404
                         Balance at 30 September 2024                                             36,581              (362)        25,236    61,455           758     62,213
                         Year to 30 September 2025
                         Net profit for the year from continuing operations                             -                 -        6,788      6,788            39      6,827
                         Net loss for the year from discontinued operations                             -                 -          (29)      (29)              -      (29)
                         Other comprehensive income for the year from
                         continuing operations                                                          -              356             2       358            (33)      325
                         Total comprehensive income for the year                                        -              356         6,761      7,117             6      7,123
                         Transactions with owners, recorded directly
                         in equity
                          Contributions by and distributions to owners
                              Share buy-back                                                        (616)                 -             -     (616)              -     (616)
                              Transfer from / (to) equity-based
                              compensation reserve                                                   158             (158)              -         -              -         -
                              Equity-based compensation                                                 -              143              -      143               -      143
                              Dividends and distributions paid(4)                                       -                 -       (5,177)    (5,177)          (39)    (5,216)
                         Balance as at 30 September 2025                                          36,123               (21)       26,820     62,922           725     63,647
                         (1) Refer to Note 26 Contributed equity for further details.
                         (2) Refer to Note 28 Reserves for further details.
                         (3) This represents an on-market purchase of 862,221 shares at an average price of $29.17 per share.
                         (4) Refer to Note 29 Dividends for further details.
                         (5) Refer to Note 27 Non-controlling interests for further details.




                        150   National Australia Bank
                        Financial report

                        Statements of changes in equity

                                                                                                             Contributed                      Retained             Total
                                                                                                                  equity(1)     Reserves(2)     profits           equity
                         Company                                                                                         $m           $m            $m               $m
                         Year to 30 September 2024                                                                                                                                   About

                                                                                                                                                                                  this report
                         Balance at 1 October 2023                                                                   37,760        (1,565)       20,328           56,523
                         Net profit for the year from continuing operations                                                -            -         6,894             6,894
                         Other comprehensive income for the year from
                         continuing operations                                                                             -        1,121           (69)            1,052
                         Total comprehensive income for the year                                                           -        1,121         6,825             7,946
                         Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity

                                                                                                                                                                                  Our business
                          Contributions by and distributions to owners
                            Share buy-back                                                                            (2,077)           -             -            (2,077)

                                                                                                                                                                                     in 2025
                            Purchase of treasury shares for employee share offer(3)                                      (25)           -             -                  (25)
                            Transfer from / (to) retained profits                                                          -           (2)           2                     -
                            Transfer from / (to) equity-based compensation reserve                                       137         (137)            -                    -
                            Equity-based compensation                                                                      -          149             -              149




                                                                                                                                                                                    Creating value
                            Dividends and distributions paid(4)                                                            -            -        (5,191)           (5,191)




For personal use only
                         Balance at 30 September 2024                                                                35,795          (434)       21,964           57,325
                         Year to 30 September 2025
                         Net profit for the year from continuing operations                                                -            -        6,367             6,367
                         Other comprehensive income for the year from
                         continuing operations                                                                             -         681             3               684
                         Total comprehensive income for the year                                                           -         681         6,370             7,051
                         Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity

                                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate
                          Contributions by and distributions to owners
                            Share buy-back                                                                             (616)            -             -             (616)
                            Transfer from / (to) equity-based compensation reserve                                      158         (158)             -                    -     Governance
                            Equity-based compensation                                                                      -         143              -              143          Statement
                            Dividends and distributions paid(4)                                                            -            -       (5,177)           (5,177)
                         Balance as at 30 September 2025                                                             35,337          232        23,157            58,726
                         (1) Refer to Note 26 Contributed equity for further details.



                                                                                                                                                                                     Risk
                         (2) Refer to Note 28 Reserves for further details.
                         (3) This represents an on-market purchase of 862,221 shares at an average price of $29.17 per share.
                         (4) Refer to Note 29 Dividends for further details.



                                                                                                                                                                                  management




                                                                                                                                                                                    Report of

                                                                                                                                                                                  the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                    Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                   Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                  information




                                                                                                                                                    2025 Annual Report     151
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Introduction

                        Note 1
                        Basis of preparation
                        This is the financial report of National Australia Bank Limited (the Company) together with its controlled entities (the Group) for
                        the year ended 30 September 2025. The Company, incorporated and domiciled in Australia, is a for-profit company limited by
                        shares which are publicly traded on the Australian Securities Exchange.
                        The directors resolved to authorise the issue of the financial report on 6 November 2025. The directors have the power to amend
                        and reissue the financial report.
                        The financial report includes information to the extent the Group considers it material and relevant to the understanding of
                        users. Disclosed information is considered material and relevant if, for example:
                        •   The dollar amount is significant in size or by nature.
                        •   The Group’s results cannot be understood by users without the specific disclosure.
                        •   The information is important to help users understand the impact of significant changes in the Group’s business during the
                            financial year, for example, a business acquisition, disposal, or an impairment / write-down.
                        •   The information relates to an aspect of the Group’s operations which is important to its future performance.
                        •   The information is required under legislative requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), the Banking Act 1959 (Cth) or
                            by the Group’s principal regulators, including the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) and the Australian




For personal use only
                            Prudential Regulation Authority (APRA).

                        Basis of preparation
                        This general purpose financial report has been prepared by a for-profit company, in accordance with the requirements of
                        the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and accounting standards and interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards
                        Board (AASB). Compliance with standards and interpretations issued by the AASB ensures that this financial report complies with
                        International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).
                        Amounts are presented in Australian dollars (unless otherwise stated), which is the Company’s functional and presentation
                        currency. These amounts have been rounded to the nearest million dollars ($m), except where indicated, as allowed by ASIC
                        Corporations Instrument 2016/191.
                        Unless otherwise stated, comparative information has been restated for any changes to presentation made in the current year.
                        Discontinued operations are excluded from the results of continuing operations and are presented as a single amount in the
                        Group's income statement and statement of comprehensive income.
                        To comply with its obligations as an Australian Financial Services Licence holder, the Group includes the separate financial
                        statements of the Company in this financial report, which is permitted by ASIC Corporations (Parent Entity Financial Statements)
                        Instrument 2021/195.

                        Basis of measurement
                        The financial report has been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for:
                        •   Certain assets and liabilities (including derivative instruments) measured at fair value through profit or loss, or at fair value
                            through other comprehensive income, and
                        •   Financial assets and liabilities that are otherwise measured on an amortised cost basis but adjusted for changes in fair value
                            attributable to the risk being hedged in qualifying fair value hedge relationships.

                        Accounting policies
                        During the 2025 financial year, the Group revised the presentation of fee and commission expenses which are directly
                        attributable and incremental to earning income from the provision of banking services such as credit card rewards and card
                        processing expenses, to align with current industry practice. These expenses were previously presented within 'Other fees and
                        commissions' within 'Other operating income', or 'Operating expenses', and are now presented as 'Fees and commission expense'
                        within 'Other operating income'.
                        This revision included a reclassification of some merchants' volume-related expenses within Business and Private Banking, which
                        were presented in 'Operating expenses' and are now presented in 'Other operating income'. Some items previously presented in
                        'Other operating income' of Corporate Functions and Other are now presented in the customer divisions.
                        The change has been applied retrospectively and comparative information of the Group has been restated resulting in a
                        decrease of 'Other operating income' and 'Operating expenses' by $14 million for the year ended 30 September 2024 (Company:
                        $25 million).
                        Refer to Note 4 Other operating income for the disclosure of 'Net other fees and commissions'.
                        Except as explained above, the accounting policies applied in this report are consistent with those applied in the Group's 2024
                        Annual Report. There were no amendments to Australian Accounting Standards adopted during the year that have a material
                        impact on the Group.

                        Critical accounting judgements and estimates
                        In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management have made a number of judgements and assumptions
                        and applied estimates of future events. Some of these areas include:
                        •   Credit impairment charges on loans and advances


                        152   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 1 Basis of preparation (cont.)

                        •   Fair value of financial assets and liabilities
                        •   Impairment assessment of goodwill and other intangible assets

                                                                                                                                                                  About
                        •   Determination of income tax
                        •   Provisions for customer-related remediation and other regulatory matters
                        Further details of these critical accounting judgements and estimates are provided in the respective notes to the                      this report
                        financial statements.

                        Future accounting developments
                        AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures (AASB S2) will require the Group to disclose information about the governance, strategy,
                        risk management, and metrics and targets relating to material climate-related risks and opportunities that could reasonably be

                                                                                                                                                               Our business
                        expected to affect the Group's cash flows, access to finance or cost of capital over the short, medium or long term. AASB S2
                        will be effective for the Group from the year ended 30 September 2026. The Group continues to progress its implementation of

                                                                                                                                                                  in 2025
                        AASB S2.
                        AASB 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (AASB 18) was issued in June 2024 and replaces AASB 101
                        Presentation of Financial Statements and will be effective for the Group from 1 October 2027. AASB 18 introduces enhanced
                        presentation requirements in the financial statements, including new categories and subtotals in the income statement,
                        disclosures about management-defined performance measures (i.e. cash earnings), and enhanced guidance on the grouping of
                        information. The Group is currently assessing the impact of this new standard.




                                                                                                                                                                 Creating value




For personal use only
                        There are no other new standards or amendments to existing standards that are not yet effective which are expected to have a
                        material impact on the Group’s financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                               Corporate
                                                                                                                                                              Governance
                                                                                                                                                               Statement




                                                                                                                                                                  Risk

                                                                                                                                                               management




                                                                                                                                                                 Report of

                                                                                                                                                               the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                Additional

                                                                                                                                                               information




                                                                                                                                   2025 Annual Report   153
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Financial performance

                        Overview
                        A description of the operating activities of each reportable segment is provided below:
                        •   Business and Private Banking focuses on NAB's priority small and medium enterprise (SME) customer segments. This includes
                            diversified businesses, as well as specialised Agriculture, Health, Professional Services, Franchisees, Government, Education
                            and Community service segments along with Private Banking and JBWere.
                        •   Personal Banking provides banking products and services to customers including securing a home loan and managing
                            personal finances through deposits, credit card or personal loan facilities. Customers are supported through a network
                            of branches and ATMs, call centres, digital capabilities as well as through proprietary lenders and mortgage brokers.
                        •   Corporate and Institutional Banking partners with customers globally to meet their most complex financial needs, through
                            a range of products and services including client coverage, corporate finance, markets, transactional banking, enterprise
                            payments and asset servicing (the wind-down to be finalised in the March 2026 half year). Corporate and Institutional Banking
                            serves its customers across Australia, US, Europe and Asia, with specialised industry relationships and product teams.
                        •   New Zealand Banking serves customers across New Zealand with personal and business banking services, through a
                            nationwide network of customer centres, digital and assisted channels. New Zealand Banking includes the Bank of New
                            Zealand's Markets Trading operations and enabling units.
                        •   Corporate Functions and Other includes ubank and enabling units that support all businesses except New Zealand Banking,
                            including Treasury, Technology and Enterprise Operations, Data, Digital and Analytics, and group-wide elimination entries that




For personal use only
                            arise on consolidation.
                        During the year, the Group transferred some customer lending and deposit portfolios, including the associated net operating
                        income and income tax, between Personal Banking and Business and Private Banking. In addition, the revision of the presentation
                        of fee and commission expenses disclosed in Note 1 Basis of preparation had an impact on the segments as described in
                        that note. Comparative information has been restated to reflect these changes. Other than the above changes, the Group's
                        reportable segments are consistent with the 2024 Annual Report.
                        The Group evaluates performance on the basis of cash earnings as it better reflects what is considered to be the underlying
                        performance of the Group. Cash earnings is a non-IFRS key financial performance measure used by the Group and the
                        investment community.
                        Cash earnings is calculated by adjusting statutory net profit from continuing operations for certain non-cash earnings items.
                        Non-cash earnings items are considered separately and excluded when assessing performance and analysing the underlying
                        trends in the business. Cash earnings for the year ended 30 September 2025 has been adjusted for hedging and fair value
                        volatility, amortisation of acquired intangible assets, and certain other items associated with the acquisition, integration,
                        disposal or closure of Group businesses. The non-IFRS measures have been applied consistently with the September 2024
                        financial year. Cash earnings does not purport to represent the cash flows, funding or liquidity position of the Group, nor any
                        amount represented on a statement of cash flows.
                        The Group earns the vast majority of its revenue in the form of net interest income, being the difference between interest
                        earned on financial assets and interest paid on financial liabilities and other financing costs.




                        154   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 2
                        Segment information
                                                                                                                                       2025
                                                                                            Business                   Corporate                               Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                                                   About
                                                                                                  and                         and                New           Functions
                                                                                              Private       Personal Institutional            Zealand                and          Total

                                                                                                                                                                                                this report
                                                                                             Banking         Banking      Banking             Banking              Other(1)      Group
                                                                                                   $m              $m               $m              $m                $m            $m
                         Reportable segment information
                         Net interest income                                                    7,499            4,025           2,852            2,780               242        17,398
                         Other operating income                                                 1,032              600           1,242              416               125         3,415


                                                                                                                                                                                                Our business
                         Net operating income                                                   8,531            4,625           4,094            3,196               367        20,813
                         Operating expenses                                                    (3,232)         (2,581)          (1,392)          (1,242)           (1,401)       (9,848)


                                                                                                                                                                                                   in 2025
                         Underlying profit / (loss)                                             5,299            2,044           2,702            1,954            (1,034)       10,965
                         Credit impairment (charge) / write-back                                 (529)            (255)           (146)             (25)              122          (833)
                         Cash earnings / (loss) before tax
                         and distributions                                                      4,770            1,789           2,556            1,929              (912)       10,132
                         Income tax (expense) / benefit                                        (1,440)            (536)           (702)            (537)              213        (3,002)
                         Cash earnings / (loss) before non-




                                                                                                                                                                                                  Creating value




For personal use only
                         controlling interests                                                  3,330            1,253           1,854            1,392              (699)        7,130
                         Less: Non-controlling interests                                             -                -               -             (39)                -           (39)
                         Cash earnings / (loss)                                                 3,330            1,253           1,854            1,353              (699)        7,091
                         Hedging and fair value volatility                                          (4)               -              (7)            (10)               49               28
                         Other non-cash earnings items                                            (15)             (21)              18             (11)             (302)         (331)
                         Net profit / (loss) for the year from
                         continuing operations                                                  3,311            1,232           1,865            1,332              (952)        6,788
                         Net loss from discontinued operations attributable
                                                                                                                                                                                                Corporate
                         to owners of the Company                                                    -                -               -                -              (29)          (29)
                         Net profit / (loss) attributable to owners of
                         the Company                                                            3,311            1,232           1,865            1,332              (981)        6,759        Governance
                                                                                                                                                                                                Statement
                         Reportable segment assets(2)                                        277,562          271,786         292,964          119,438           147,312      1,109,062
                         (1) Corporate Functions and Other includes group-wide elimination entries that arise on consolidation.
                         (2) Reportable segment assets include inter-company balances which are eliminated within the Corporate Functions and Other segment.




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Risk

                                                                                                                                                                                                management




                                                                                                                                                                                                  Report of

                                                                                                                                                                                                the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                                  Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                                 Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                information




                                                                                                                                                                   2025 Annual Report    155
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 2 Segment information (cont.)

                                                                                                                                           2024
                                                                                              Business                     Corporate                               Corporate
                                                                                                    and                          and                  New          Functions
                                                                                                Private        Personal Institutional              Zealand               and           Total
                                                                                               Banking(1)       Banking(1)
                                                                                                                             Banking               Banking             Other(2)       Group
                                                                                                      $m               $m               $m                 $m             $m             $m
                         Reportable segment information
                         Net interest income                                                       7,295            3,924              2,550           2,669              316         16,754
                         Other operating income       (3)
                                                                                                   1,063              563              1,342               545            (31)         3,482
                         Net operating income                                                      8,358            4,487              3,892           3,214              285         20,236
                         Operating expenses(3)                                                    (3,141)           (2,576)          (1,443)          (1,185)          (1,068)         (9,413)
                         Underlying profit / (loss)                                                5,217            1,911              2,449           2,029             (783)        10,823
                         Credit impairment (charge) / write-back                                    (523)             (288)               7               (129)           205           (728)
                         Cash earnings / (loss) before tax
                         and distributions                                                         4,694            1,623              2,456           1,900             (578)        10,095
                         Income tax (expense) / benefit                                           (1,417)             (483)            (686)              (549)           160          (2,975)
                         Cash earnings / (loss) before non-
                         controlling interests                                                     3,277            1,140              1,770           1,351             (418)         7,120




For personal use only
                         Less: Non-controlling interests                                                -                -                 -               (18)                 -        (18)
                         Cash earnings / (loss)                                                    3,277            1,140              1,770           1,333             (418)         7,102
                         Hedging and fair value volatility                                            (11)               1                 -                16            (12)             (6)
                         Other non-cash earnings items                                                 (9)             (13)                -                24            (35)           (33)
                         Net profit / (loss) for the year from
                         continuing operations                                                     3,257            1,128              1,770           1,373             (465)         7,063
                         Net loss from discontinued operations attributable
                         to owners of the Company                                                       -                -                 -                 -           (103)          (103)
                         Net profit / (loss) attributable to owners of
                         the Company                                                               3,257            1,128              1,770           1,373             (568)         6,960


                         Reportable segment assets(4)                                            260,231          261,999          278,047          120,389           159,582       1,080,248
                         (1) Restated for changes to segments.
                         (2) Corporate Functions and Other includes group-wide elimination entries that arise on consolidation.
                         (3) Comparative information has been restated to align to the presentation in the current period. Refer to Note 1 Basis of preparation.
                         (4) Reportable segment assets include inter-company balances which are eliminated within the Corporate Functions and Other segment.


                        Major customers
                        No single customer contributes revenue greater than 10% of the Group’s revenues.

                        Geographical information
                        The Group has operations in Australia (the Company’s country of domicile), New Zealand, Europe, the United States and Asia. The
                        allocation of income and non-current assets is based on the geographical location in which transactions are booked.

                                                                                                                                                       Group
                                                                                                                                  Income                           Non-current assets(1)
                                                                                                                               2025               2024                 2025             2024
                                                                                                                                 $m                 $m                   $m              $m
                         Australia                                                                                            16,435            16,241                6,755            6,891
                         New Zealand                                                                                           3,182              3,339               1,689            1,612
                         Other International                                                                                   1,699              1,374                 233              152
                         Total before inter-geographic eliminations                                                           21,316            20,954                8,677            8,655
                         Elimination of inter-geographic items                                                                 (444)               (322)                   -                -
                         Total                                                                                                20,872            20,632                8,677            8,655
                         (1) Non-current assets include goodwill and other intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and investments in joint ventures and associates.




                        156   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 3
                        Net interest income

                          Accounting policy
                          Interest income and expense are recognised in the income statement using the effective interest method. The effective                       About
                          interest method measures the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability using the effective interest rate. The
                          effective interest rate discounts the estimated stream of future cash payments or receipts over the expected life of the                 this report
                          financial instrument to the net carrying amount of the financial instrument.
                          Fees and costs which form an integral part of the effective interest rate of a financial instrument (for example, loan
                          origination fees) are recognised using the effective interest method and recorded in interest income or expense
                          depending on whether the underlying instrument is a financial asset or liability.


                                                                                                                                                                   Our business
                          Included in net interest income are interest income and expense on trading assets, hedging instruments and financial
                          instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss.


                                                                                                                                                                      in 2025
                                                                                                               Group                     Company
                                                                                                           2025          2024          2025           2024
                                                                                                             $m           $m             $m            $m




                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value
                         Interest income




For personal use only
                         Effective interest rate method
                          Amortised cost
                            Due from other banks                                                           3,621         5,398         3,336          4,926
                            Loans and advances                                                            43,461        43,302        37,577        36,700
                            Due from controlled entities                                                       -             -         2,909          3,349
                            Other interest income                                                            651         1,036           377           787
                          Fair value through other comprehensive income
                            Debt instruments                                                               2,137         2,276         2,091          2,274        Corporate
                         Total effective interest method                                                  49,870        52,012        46,290        48,036
                                                                                                                                                                  Governance
                         Fair value through profit or loss
                          Trading instruments                                                              6,791         6,225         6,314          5,685
                                                                                                                                                                   Statement
                          Other financial assets                                                             118           60            118               60
                         Total fair value through profit or loss                                           6,909         6,285         6,432          5,745
                         Total interest income                                                            56,779        58,297        52,722        53,781

                                                                                                                                                                      Risk
                         Interest expense


                                                                                                                                                                   management
                         Effective interest rate method
                          Amortised cost
                            Due to other banks                                                               367          726            276           562
                            Deposits and other borrowings                                                 24,518        25,600        21,824        22,410
                            Bonds, notes and subordinated debt                                             9,361         9,539         8,581          8,649


                                                                                                                                                                     Report of
                            Due to controlled entities                                                         -             -         3,992          4,571
                            Debt issued                                                                      489          475            489           475


                                                                                                                                                                   the Directors
                            Other interest expense                                                           351          419            253           319
                         Total effective interest method                                                  35,086        36,759        35,415        36,986
                         Fair value through profit or loss
                          Trading instruments                                                                 46           63             46               63




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report
                          Other financial liabilities                                                      3,824         4,322         3,431          3,611
                         Total fair value through profit or loss                                           3,870         4,385         3,477          3,674
                         Bank levy                                                                           420          396            417           396
                         Total interest expense                                                           39,376        41,540        39,309        41,056
                         Net interest income                                                              17,403        16,757        13,413        12,725




                                                                                                                                                                    Additional

                                                                                                                                                                   information




                                                                                                                                      2025 Annual Report    157
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 4
                        Other operating income

                          Accounting policy
                          Categories of other operating income are measured as follows:

                              Item                       Measurement basis
                              Trading instruments        Trading derivatives - Total fair value change including interest income or expense. For some
                                                         instruments that form part of an economic hedge relationship, interest accrual is recognised in
                                                         interest income or expense.
                                                         Trading assets - All fair value changes except for interest income or expense, which is
                                                         recognised within net interest income.
                              Hedge ineffectiveness      Represents hedge ineffectiveness arising from hedge accounting, which are the fair value
                                                         movements (excluding interest income or expense) that do not offset the hedged risk.
                              Financial instruments      Includes fair value movements on such items, other than interest income or interest expense and
                              designated at fair value   fair value movements attributable to the Group’s own credit risk on financial liabilities.
                              Dividend revenue           Dividend revenue is recognised in the income statement when the Group’s right to receive the
                                                         dividend is established.
                              Lending fees               Unless they form an integral part of the effective interest rate, fees and commissions are
                              Net other fees             recognised on an accruals basis when the service has been provided or on completion of the
                              and commissions            underlying transaction. Fees charged for providing ongoing services (for example, maintaining




For personal use only
                                                         and administering existing facilities) are recognised as income over the period the service is
                                                         provided and are presented net of directly attributable and incremental expenses incurred in the
                                                         provision of these services.
                                                         When a third party is involved in providing goods or services to the Group's customer, the Group
                                                         assesses whether the nature of the arrangement with its customer is as a principal or an agent
                                                         of the third party. When the Group is not acting in a principal capacity, the income earned by the
                                                         Group is net of the amounts paid to the third party provider. The net consideration represents the
                                                         Group's income for facilitating the transaction.
                              Net investment             Investment management income is recognised on an accruals basis as the services are provided
                              management income          and is presented net of directly attributable and incremental investment management expenses
                                                         incurred in the provision of these services.




                        158   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 4 Other operating income (cont.)

                                                                                                                                   Group                                Company
                                                                                                                              2025               2024                2025               2024

                                                                                                                                                                                                       About
                                                                                                                                $m                 $m                  $m                 $m
                         Net fees and commissions
                         Lending fees                                                                                         1,183              1,202                 955                976
                                                                                                                                                                                                    this report
                         Net other fees and commissions(1)
                          Fees and commission income(2)                                                                         977              1,016                 726                736
                          Fees and commission expense                                                                          (146)              (101)               (104)               (88)
                         Net investment management income

                                                                                                                                                                                                    Our business
                          Investment management income                                                                          238                284                    -                  -
                          Investment management expense                                                                        (127)              (156)                   -                  -

                                                                                                                                                                                                       in 2025
                         Total net fees and commissions         (1)
                                                                                                                              2,125              2,245               1,577              1,624


                         Gains less losses on financial instruments at fair value
                         Trading instruments                                                                                  1,125              2,097                 987              1,363
                         Hedge ineffectiveness                                                                                   42                (21)                 36                (16)




                                                                                                                                                                                                      Creating value




For personal use only
                         Financial instruments designated at fair value                                                         203               (798)                290               (446)
                         Realised losses on sale of bonds at FVOCI(3)                                                          (136)              (101)               (136)              (101)
                         Total gains less losses on financial instruments at fair value(3)                                    1,234              1,177               1,177                800


                         Other income
                         Dividends                                                                                               10                  4               2,410              3,108
                         Share of profit from associates and joint ventures                                                      29                   -                   -                  -
                         Other(4)                                                                                                71                449                 104                 15       Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Governance
                         Total other income(3)                                                                                  110                453               2,514              3,123
                         Total other operating income(1)                                                                      3,469              3,875               5,268              5,547
                         (1) Comparative information has been restated to align to the presentation in the current period. Refer to Note 1 Basis of preparation.                                    Statement
                         (2) In the 2025 financial year, the Group recognised customer-related remediation charges of $102 million (2024: $35 million) and the Company recognised customer-
                             related remediation charges of $129 million (2024: $82 million) in other fees and commissions. Customer-related remediation charges in the Company include MLC
                             Wealth-related matters which are presented in discontinued operations at the Group level.
                         (3) The Group has reclassified the realised losses on disposal of debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income together with the associated fees
                             from 'Other income' to 'Total gains less losses on financial instruments at fair value'. Comparative information has been restated.


                                                                                                                                                                                                       Risk
                         (4) In the 2024 financial year, the Group completed the disposal of its New Zealand wealth businesses in return for a 45% stake in FirstCape NZ and cash proceeds of
                             $135 million, resulting in a gain on disposal of $395 million in net other operating income.



                                                                                                                                                                                                    management




                                                                                                                                                                                                      Report of

                                                                                                                                                                                                    the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                                     Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                    information




                                                                                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report      159
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 5
                        Operating expenses

                          Accounting policy
                          Operating expenses are recognised as services are provided to the Group, over the period in which an asset is consumed
                          or once a liability is created.
                          Amounts received by the Group as a reimbursement for costs incurred are recognised as a reduction of the
                          related expense.
                          Annual leave, long service leave and other personnel expenses
                          Salaries, annual leave and other employee entitlements expected to be paid or settled within 12 months of employees
                          rendering service are measured at their nominal amounts using remuneration rates that the Group expects to pay when
                          the liabilities are settled. A liability is recognised for the amount expected to be paid under short-term cash bonuses when
                          the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the
                          employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably. All other employee entitlements that are not expected to be paid
                          or settled within 12 months of the reporting date are measured at the present value of net future cash flows. Employee
                          entitlements to long service leave are accrued using an actuarial calculation, which includes assumptions regarding
                          employee departures, leave utilisation and future salary increases.
                          Termination benefits are recognised as an expense when the Group is demonstrably committed, without realistic
                          possibility of withdrawal, to a formal detailed plan to either terminate employment before the normal retirement date,




For personal use only
                          or to provide termination benefits as a result of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy. Termination benefits
                          for voluntary redundancy are recognised as an expense if the Group has made an offer of voluntary redundancy, it is
                          probable that the offer will be accepted, and the number of acceptances can be estimated reliably.
                          Refer to Note 24 Provisions for balances of provisions for employee entitlements.




                        160   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 5 Operating expenses (cont.)

                                                                                                                                   Group                               Company(1)
                                                                                                                               2025              2024                 2025               2024

                                                                                                                                                                                                          About
                                                                                                                                 $m                $m                   $m                 $m
                         Personnel expenses
                          Salaries and related on-costs                                                                       4,552              4,399               3,679              3,564
                                                                                                                                                                                                       this report
                          Superannuation costs-defined contribution plans                                                       430                396                 395                370
                          Performance-based compensation                                                                        625                596                 552                535
                          Other expenses(2)                                                                                     491                475                 400                394
                         Total personnel expenses                                                                             6,098              5,866               5,026              4,863

                                                                                                                                                                                                       Our business
                         Occupancy and depreciation expenses

                                                                                                                                                                                                          in 2025
                          Rental expense                                                                                        109                 99                   99               118
                          Depreciation and impairment                                                                           436                434                 349                333
                          Other expenses                                                                                         58                 58                   52                    49
                         Total occupancy and depreciation expenses                                                              603                591                 500                500




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Creating value




For personal use only
                         Technology expenses
                          Computer equipment and software                                                                     1,039              1,019                 823                811
                          Amortisation of software                                                                              717                681                 600                577
                          Depreciation of IT equipment                                                                          165                154                 142                132
                          Data communication and processing charges                                                             120                118                 107                103
                          Communications       (3)
                                                                                                                                 54                 54                   43                    43
                          Impairment losses recognised                                                                           10                   8                  10                     9
                         Total technology expenses                                                                            2,105              2,034               1,725              1,675          Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Governance
                         General expenses
                          Amortisation of acquired intangible assets(4)                                                          49                 43                   18                    18      Statement
                          Advertising and marketing       (3)
                                                                                                                                174                168                 109                116
                          Operational risk event losses and customer-related remediation                                        124                136                 113                185
                          Postage and stationery                                                                                 81                 88                   75                    77


                                                                                                                                                                                                          Risk
                          Professional fees                                                                                     737                646                 621                585
                          Impairment losses recognised                                                                             -                  -                  68                     -


                                                                                                                                                                                                       management
                          Other expenses      (2)(3)
                                                                                                                                377                440               1,101                788
                         Total general expenses(3)                                                                            1,542              1,521               2,105              1,769
                         Total operating expenses(3)                                                                        10,348              10,012               9,356              8,807
                         (1) Operating expenses in the Company include amounts which are presented in discontinued operations at the Group level.
                         (2) Personnel expenses and General expenses of the Group and the Company include payroll review and remediation costs of $101 million and $29 million, respectively
                             (2024: $nil)


                                                                                                                                                                                                         Report of
                         (3) Comparative information has been restated to align to the presentation in the current period. Refer to Note 1 Basis of preparation.
                         (4) Relates to the amortisation of intangible assets acquired in business combinations, including software, customer relationships and core deposits.



                                                                                                                                                                                                       the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                       information




                                                                                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report         161
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 6
                        Income tax

                          Accounting policy
                          Income tax expense (or benefit) is the tax payable (or receivable) on the current year's taxable income based on the
                          applicable tax rate in each jurisdiction, adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Income tax expense
                          is recognised in the income statement except when the tax relates to items recognised directly in equity or other
                          comprehensive income, in which case it is recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income respectively.
                          Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and
                          liabilities and their carrying amounts. Deferred tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or
                          substantively enacted as at the reporting date and are expected to apply when the related deferred tax asset is realised
                          or the deferred tax liability is settled.
                          Deferred tax assets are only recognised for temporary differences, unused tax losses and unused tax credits if it is
                          probable that future taxable amounts will arise to utilise those temporary differences and losses. Deferred tax assets are
                          reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will
                          be realised. Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset where there is a legally enforceable right to offset
                          current tax assets and current tax liabilities and they relate to income taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same
                          taxable entity, or on different tax entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis or to
                          realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.




For personal use only
                          The Company and its wholly owned Australian subsidiaries are part of a tax consolidated group. The Company is the head
                          entity in the tax consolidated group. The members of the tax consolidated group have entered into tax funding and tax
                          sharing agreements, which set out the funding obligations of members. Any current tax liabilities / assets and deferred tax
                          assets from unused tax losses of subsidiaries in the tax consolidated group are recognised by the Company and funded in
                          line with the tax funding arrangements.

                          Critical accounting judgements and estimates
                          The Group undertakes transactions in the ordinary course of business where the income tax treatment requires the
                          exercise of judgement. The Group estimates the amount expected to be paid to tax authorities based on its understanding
                          and interpretation of relevant tax laws. The effect of uncertainty over income tax treatments is reflected in determining
                          the relevant taxable profit or tax loss, tax bases, unused tax losses and unused tax credits or tax rates. Uncertain tax
                          positions are presented as current or deferred tax assets or liabilities as appropriate.



                        Income tax expense
                        The income tax expense for the year reconciles to the profit before income tax as follows:

                                                                                                                                     Group                                Company
                                                                                                                                2025               2024                 2025               2024
                                                                                                                                  $m                 $m                   $m                 $m
                         Profit before income tax                                                                              9,691               9,879               8,519               8,846
                         Prima facie income tax expense at 30%                                                                 2,907               2,964               2,556               2,654
                         Tax effect of permanent differences:
                          Assessable foreign income                                                                                14                 16                   14                 16
                          Foreign tax rate differences                                                                            (88)                (76)                (39)               (28)
                          Adjustments to deferred tax balances for tax losses and
                          timing differences                                                                                      (24)              (120)                 (24)              (120)
                          Foreign branch income not assessable                                                                    (29)                (18)                (29)               (18)
                          Under / (over) provision in prior years(1)                                                              (52)                  5                 (45)               (14)
                          Restatement of deferred tax balances for tax rate changes                                                  2                  1                   2                   1
                          Non-deductible interest on convertible instruments                                                      147                143                  147                143
                          Dividend income adjustments                                                                                -                  -               (413)               (607)
                          Gain on disposal of New Zealand Wealth businesses                                                          -              (114)                    -               (82)
                          Other(1)                                                                                                (13)                 (3)                (17)                  7
                         Income tax expense                                                                                    2,864               2,798               2,152               1,952
                         Current tax expense                                                                                   2,991               2,950               2,297               2,118
                         Deferred tax benefit                                                                                    (127)              (152)               (145)               (166)
                         Total income tax expense                                                                              2,864               2,798               2,152               1,952
                         (1) Adjustments relating to certain items have been disaggregated from 'Other' and presented within 'Under/(over) provision in prior years'. Prior period amounts have been
                             restated accordingly.


                        The Group became subject to the Global Anti-Base Erosion Rules (Pillar Two) for the 2025 financial year. The Group has assessed
                        that there are no material Pillar Two income taxes for the 2025 financial year and has applied the mandatory temporary exception
                        to the recognition and disclosure of deferred tax assets and liabilities related to such taxes.



                        162   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 6 Income tax (cont.)

                        Deferred tax assets and liabilities
                        The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:

                                                                                                           Group                       Company                        About

                                                                                                                                                                   this report
                                                                                                       2025           2024            2025           2024
                                                                                                         $m            $m              $m                $m
                         Deferred tax assets
                         Individually assessed provision for credit impairment                           314           224             263            189
                         Collective provision for credit impairment                                    1,482          1,524          1,284           1,270


                                                                                                                                                                   Our business
                         Employee entitlements                                                           267           267             245            242
                         Tax losses                                                                       82           105              77            100


                                                                                                                                                                      in 2025
                         Other provisions                                                                161           162             155            153
                         Depreciation                                                                    505           391             472            378
                         Reserves
                          Cash flow hedge reserve                                                          -            87               -                78
                          Other reserves                                                                 118           222              93            195




                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value




For personal use only
                         Other                                                                           317           307             301            296
                         Total deferred tax assets                                                     3,246          3,289          2,890           2,901
                         Set-off of deferred tax liabilities pursuant to set-off provisions             (194)         (108)           (182)               (99)
                         Net deferred tax assets                                                       3,052          3,181          2,708           2,802


                         Deferred tax liabilities
                         Intangible assets                                                                26            29              21                24

                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate
                         Defined benefit superannuation plan assets                                       15            14              13                12
                         Reserves
                          Cash flow hedge reserve                                                         68              -             67                  -     Governance
                         Other                                                                            85            65              81                63       Statement
                         Total deferred tax liabilities                                                  194           108             182                99
                         Deferred tax liabilities set off against deferred tax assets pursuant to
                         set-off provisions                                                             (194)         (108)           (182)               (99)
                         Net deferred tax liabilities                                                      -              -              -                  -


                        Deferred tax assets not brought to account                                                                                                    Risk

                                                                                                                                                                   management
                        Deferred tax assets have not been brought to account for the following realised losses as the utilisation of the losses is not
                        regarded as probable:

                                                                                                           Group                       Company
                                                                                                       2025           2024            2025           2024


                                                                                                                                                                     Report of
                                                                                                         $m            $m              $m                $m
                         Capital gains tax losses                                                      1,818          1,801          1,818           1,801



                                                                                                                                                                   the Directors
                         Income tax losses                                                                20            41              18                41


                        Income tax losses of $17 million (2024: $36 million) for the Group and Company are expected to expire in the September 2036
                        financial year. Capital gains tax losses of the Group and Company do not have any expiry date.




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                    Additional

                                                                                                                                                                   information




                                                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report     163
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 7
                        Earnings per share
                                                                                                                                                          Group
                                                                                                                                      Basic                                  Diluted
                                                                                                                                 2025               2024                 2025                2024
                         Earnings ($m)
                         Net profit attributable to owners of the Company                                                       6,759               6,960                6,759               6,960
                         Potential dilutive adjustments
                           Interest expense on convertible notes(1)                                                                   -                  -                 129                 374
                         Adjusted earnings                                                                                      6,759               6,960                6,888               7,334
                         Net loss from discontinued operations attributable to owners of
                         the Company                                                                                                29                103                   29                 103
                         Adjusted earnings from continuing operations                                                           6,788               7,063                6,917               7,437


                         Weighted average number of ordinary shares (millions)
                         Weighted average number of ordinary shares (net of treasury shares)                                    3,059               3,099                3,059               3,099
                         Weighted average number of dilutive potential ordinary shares
                           Convertible notes(1)                                                                                       -                  -                  64                 184




For personal use only
                           Equity-based compensation                                                                                  -                  -                    9                 10
                         Total weighted average number of ordinary shares                                                       3,059               3,099                3,132               3,293


                         Earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company (cents)                                       221.0               224.6                219.9               222.7
                         Earnings per share from continuing operations                                                          221.9               227.9                220.8               225.8
                         Earnings per share from discontinued operations                                                          (0.9)               (3.3)                (0.9)              (3.1)
                         (1) Convertible notes are dilutive instruments as they may convert into ordinary shares in the future. Certain convertible notes were excluded from the calculation of
                             diluted EPS for both the September 2025 and September 2024 full year as they were anti-dilutive, however they could potentially dilute basic earnings per share in the
                             future. Refer to Note 15 Debt issued for further details on convertible notes.




                        164   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Financial instruments

                        Overview
                        Financial instruments represent the majority of the Group's balance sheet, including loans and advances, deposits, trading
                                                                                                                                                                          About
                        assets and derivatives.


                                                                                                                                                                       this report
                        Initial recognition of financial instruments
                        A financial asset or financial liability is recognised on the balance sheet when the Group becomes a party to the contractual
                        provisions of the instrument. The Group recognises regular way transactions on the trade date.
                        All financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value. Directly attributable transaction costs are added to or deducted
                        from the carrying value of the asset or liability on initial recognition, unless the instrument is measured at fair value through profit
                        or loss, in which case they are recognised in profit or loss.

                        Classification                                                                                                                                 Our business

                                                                                                                                                                          in 2025
                        Subsequently, financial instruments are measured either at amortised cost or fair value depending on their classification.
                        Classification of financial assets is driven by the Group's business model for managing the asset and the contractual cash flows
                        of the asset. The Group uses the following flowchart to determine the appropriate classification for financial assets.




                                                                                                                                                                         Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                       Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                      Governance
                                                                                                                                                                       Statement




                                                                                                                                                                          Risk

                                                                                                                                                                       management




                                                                                                                                                                         Report of

                                                                                                                                                                       the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                         Financial report
                        Non-derivative financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost unless the Group elects to measure the financial liability at
                        fair value through profit or loss. The Group will elect to measure a financial liability at fair value through profit or loss if such
                        measurement significantly reduces or eliminates an accounting mismatch.
                        Refer to the table at the end of this section for a summary of the classification of the Group's financial instruments.




                                                                                                                                                                        Additional

                                                                                                                                                                       information




                                                                                                                                          2025 Annual Report    165
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Overview (cont.)

                        Measurement

                        Financial instruments measured at amortised cost
                        Amortised cost is the amount at which a financial asset or financial liability is measured at initial recognition minus principal
                        repayments, plus or minus the cumulative amortisation of transaction costs, premiums or discounts using the effective interest
                        method, and for financial assets, adjusted for any credit impairment.

                        Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
                        Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of debt instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive
                        income are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in a separate component of equity. Upon disposal,
                        the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified from equity to the
                        income statement.
                        Investments in equity instruments that are neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by the Group in a
                        business combination to which AASB 3 Business Combinations applies, are measured at fair value through other comprehensive
                        income, where an irrevocable election has been made by management. Amounts recognised in other comprehensive income are
                        not subsequently transferred to profit or loss. Dividends on such investments are recognised in profit or loss unless the dividend
                        clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investment.

                        Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss




For personal use only
                        Changes in the fair value of financial assets are recognised in profit or loss.
                        Where a financial liability is designated at fair value through profit or loss, the movement in fair value attributable to changes in
                        the Group’s own credit risk is calculated by determining the changes in own credit spreads and is recognised separately in other
                        comprehensive income.

                        Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
                        Derivative financial instruments are contracts whose value is derived from an underlying price, index or other variable, and
                        include instruments such as swaps, forward rate agreements, futures and options.
                        All derivatives are recognised initially on the balance sheet at fair value and are subsequently measured at fair value through
                        profit or loss, except where they are designated as a part of an effective hedge relationship and classified as hedging
                        derivatives. Derivatives are presented as assets when their fair value is positive and as liabilities when their fair value is negative.
                        The method of recognising the resulting fair value gain or loss on a derivative depends on whether the derivative is designated
                        as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged. Refer to Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting.

                        Derecognition of financial instruments
                        The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual cash flows from the asset expire or it transfers its rights to
                        receive contractual cash flows from the financial asset in a transaction in which substantially all the risks and rewards of
                        ownership are transferred. Any interest in transferred financial assets that is created or retained by the Group is recognised as a
                        separate asset or liability.
                        The Group derecognises a financial liability when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged, cancelled or expires.

                        Reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements (and similar lending and borrowing)
                        The Group executes reverse repurchase agreements where it purchases a security under an agreement to resell that security
                        at a predetermined price. These securities are not recognised on the balance sheet because the Group does not acquire
                        the risks and rewards of ownership of the security. Consideration paid for the purchase is accounted for as a reverse
                        repurchase agreement and classified as a financial asset. Reverse repurchase agreements that are part of a portfolio of
                        financial instruments managed together for short-term profit taking are measured at fair value through profit or loss and are
                        included within Note 9 Trading assets. All other reverse repurchase agreements are measured at amortised cost and are
                        included within 'Due from other banks' in Note 8 Cash and balances with other banks.
                        The Group also executes repurchase agreements, where it sells a security under an agreement to repurchase that security at
                        a predetermined price. These securities are not derecognised from the balance sheet because the Group retains substantially
                        all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the security. Consideration received for the sale is accounted for as a repurchase
                        agreement and classified as a financial liability. Repurchase agreements that are part of a portfolio of financial instruments
                        managed together for short-term profit taking are measured at fair value through profit or loss and are included within Note 16
                        Other financial liabilities. All other repurchase agreements are measured at amortised cost and are included within 'Due to other
                        banks' in Note 8 Cash and balances with other banks.




                        166   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Overview (cont.)

                        Summary of classification and measurement basis

                         Financial assets
                                                                                  Classification                                                                                                             About
                                                                                  and
                         Type of instrument                                       measurement                  Reason                                                    Note
                                                                                                                                                                                                          this report
                         Loans and advances (customer loans                       Amortised cost               Cash flows represent solely payments                      Note 12 Loans
                         and facilities)                                                                       of principal and interest, held with                      and advances
                                                                                                               the objective to collect contractual
                                                                                                               cash flows
                         Trading assets (bonds, reverse repurchase                                             Principal purpose is selling or                           Note 9


                                                                                                                                                                                                          Our business
                         agreements, notes or securities issued                                                repurchasing in the near term, or part of a               Trading assets
                         by government, financial institutions or                                              portfolio of financial instruments that are
                         other corporates)                                                                     managed together and for which there is
                                                                                  Fair value through

                                                                                                                                                                                                             in 2025
                                                                                                               evidence of short-term profit taking
                                                                                  profit or loss
                         Other financial assets                                                                Cash flows are not solely payments of                     Note 11 Other
                                                                                                               principal and interest or designated at fair              financial assets
                                                                                                               value through profit or loss to eliminate
                                                                                                               an accounting mismatch
                         Debt instruments (bonds, notes or                        Fair value through           Cash flows represent solely payments                      Note 10
                         securities issued by government, financial               other                        of principal and interest, held with the                  Debt instruments




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Creating value




For personal use only
                         institutions or other corporates)                        comprehensive                objective to both collect contractual
                                                                                  income                       cash flows and to sell
                         Derivatives (forwards, swaps,                                                         Trading derivatives - not in a qualifying                 Note 18
                         futures, options)                                                                     hedging relationship                                      Derivatives and
                                                                                  Fair value (1)
                                                                                                                                                                         hedge accounting
                                                                                                               Hedging derivatives - designated in a
                                                                                                               qualifying hedging relationship




                         Financial liabilities
                                                                                  Classification                                                                                                          Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Governance
                                                                                  and
                         Type of instrument                                       measurement                  Reason                                                    Note
                         Deposits and other borrowings                                                         Not designated at fair value through profit               Note 13                          Statement
                         (deposits, commercial paper,                                                          or loss                                                   Deposits and
                         repurchase agreements)                                                                                                                          other borrowings
                         Bonds and notes                                          Amortised cost                                                                         Note 14 Bonds,
                                                                                                                                                                         notes and
                                                                                                                                                                         subordinated debt

                                                                                                                                                                                                             Risk
                         Convertible notes                                                                                                                               Note 15 Debt issued
                         Certain bonds, notes and deposits                        Fair value through           Designated at fair value through profit or                Note 16 Other


                                                                                                                                                                                                          management
                                                                                  profit or loss(2)            loss to eliminate an accounting mismatch                  financial liabilities
                         Repurchase agreements, securities sold                                                Part of a portfolio of financial instruments
                         short, other financial liabilities                       Fair value through           that are managed together and for
                                                                                  profit or loss               which there is evidence of short-term
                                                                                                               profit taking
                         Derivatives (forwards, swaps,                                                         Trading derivatives - not in a qualifying                 Note 18
                         futures, options)                                                                     hedging relationship                                      Derivatives and

                                                                                                                                                                                                            Report of
                                                                                  Fair value (1)
                                                                                                                                                                         hedge accounting
                                                                                                               Hedging derivatives - designated in a
                                                                                                               qualifying hedging relationship


                                                                                                                                                                                                          the Directors
                         (1) Fair value movements on trading derivatives are recognised in profit or loss. The recognition of the fair value movements on hedging derivatives will depend on the
                             type of hedge (i.e. fair value hedge or cash flow hedge). Refer to Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting.
                         (2) Except for fair value movements attributable to changes in the Group's own credit risk which are recognised in other comprehensive income.




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                                           Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                          information




                                                                                                                                                                        2025 Annual Report         167
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 8
                        Cash and balances with other banks

                           Accounting policy
                           Cash and liquid assets, and balances with other banks are initially measured at fair value and subsequently at amortised
                           cost. For the purposes of the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash and liquid assets (including
                           reverse repurchase agreements and short-term government securities) and amounts due from other banks net of
                           amounts due to other banks that are highly liquid, readily convertible to known amounts of cash within three months
                           and are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. They are held for the purposes of meeting short-term cash
                           commitments (rather than for investment or other purposes). Refer to Note 36 Notes to the statement of cash flows for a
                           detailed reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents.



                                                                                                                                          Group                                     Company
                                                                                                                                     2025                 2024                    2025          2024
                                                                                                                                        $m                  $m                      $m           $m
                         Cash and liquid assets
                         Coins, notes and cash at bank                                                                               1,117               1,149                    1,026         1,057
                         Other (including bills receivable and remittances in transit)                                               1,487               1,350                    1,381         1,261




For personal use only
                         Total cash and liquid assets                                                                                2,604               2,499                    2,407         2,318


                         Due from other banks
                         Central banks                                                                                             79,358               99,577               75,123            95,105
                         Other banks                                                                                               12,588               10,861               11,328             9,956
                         Total due from other banks                                                                                91,946              110,438               86,451           105,061


                         Due to other banks
                         Central banks(1)                                                                                            3,654               6,069                    1,747         2,872
                         Other banks                                                                                                 8,715               6,259                    7,492         5,037
                         Total due to other banks                                                                                  12,369               12,328                    9,239         7,909
                         (1) Included within amounts due to central banks for the Group is $1,791 million (2024: $3,102 million) relating to the TLF, FLP provided by the RBNZ.



                        Note 9
                        Trading assets

                           Accounting policy
                           Trading assets comprise assets that are classified as held for trading because they are acquired or incurred principally
                           for the purpose of selling or repurchasing in the near term, or form part of a portfolio of financial instruments that are
                           managed together and for which there is evidence of short-term profit taking. Trading assets are measured at fair value
                           through profit or loss. Trading assets include commodities measured at fair value less cost to sell in accordance with AASB
                           102 Inventories.



                                                                                                                                          Group                                     Company
                                                                                                                                     2025                 2024                    2025          2024
                                                                                                                                        $m                  $m                      $m           $m
                         Trading assets
                         Government bonds, notes and securities                                                                    29,132               27,562               26,202            23,758
                         Semi-government bonds, notes and securities                                                               13,788               12,539               11,520             9,574
                         Corporate / financial institution bonds, notes and securities                                               4,286               5,331                    2,913         3,348
                         Reverse repurchase agreements                                                                             94,041               87,815               88,273            83,481
                         Commodity inventory and other commodity-related assets at fair value                                        1,860                   73                   1,860           73
                         Other bonds, notes, securities, equities and other assets                                                   1,464                 286                    1,461          283
                         Total trading assets                                                                                     144,571              133,606              132,229           120,517




                        168   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 10
                        Debt instruments

                           Accounting policy
                           Debt instruments are measured at fair value through other comprehensive income as they are held in a business model                        About
                           with the objective of both collecting contractual cash flows and realising assets through sale and they have contractual
                           cash flows which are considered to be solely payments of principal and interest.                                                        this report


                                                                                                            Group                       Company
                                                                                                        2025           2024            2025           2024


                                                                                                                                                                   Our business
                                                                                                          $m            $m              $m                $m
                         Debt instruments


                                                                                                                                                                      in 2025
                         Government bonds, notes and securities                                         3,837          1,554          2,304           1,545
                         Semi-government bonds, notes and securities                                   36,959         31,285         36,247         31,285
                         Corporate / financial institution bonds, notes and securities                  4,500          6,393          4,500           6,393
                         Other bonds, notes and securities                                              1,651          2,767          1,651           2,760
                         Total debt instruments                                                        46,947         41,999         44,702         41,983




                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value




For personal use only
                        Note 11
                        Other financial assets

                           Accounting policy
                           Other financial assets are measured at fair value through profit or loss. Changes in fair value and transaction costs are

                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate
                           recognised in the income statement. Financial assets are measured at fair value through profit or loss when they have
                           contractual cash flow characteristics that are not considered to be solely payments of principal and interest or they have
                           been designated as such to eliminate or reduce an accounting mismatch.                                                                 Governance
                                                                                                                                                                   Statement
                                                                                                            Group                       Company
                                                                                                        2025           2024            2025           2024
                                                                                                          $m            $m              $m                $m


                                                                                                                                                                      Risk
                         Other financial assets
                         Loans at fair value                                                             435            576             435               576


                                                                                                                                                                   management
                         Other financial assets at fair value                                            253            193             253               193
                         Total other financial assets                                                    688            769             688               769


                        The maximum credit exposure of loans (excluding any undrawn facility limits) included in other financial assets is $435 million
                        (2024: $576 million) for the Group and $435 million (2024: $576 million) for the Company.


                                                                                                                                                                     Report of

                                                                                                                                                                   the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                    Additional

                                                                                                                                                                   information




                                                                                                                                      2025 Annual Report    169
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 12
                        Loans and advances

                          Accounting policy
                          Loans and advances are financial assets for which the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest
                          and that are held in a business model with the objective of collecting contractual cash flows.
                          Loans and advances are initially recognised at fair value plus transaction costs directly attributable to the origination of
                          the loan or advance, which are primarily brokerage and origination fees. Subsequently, loans and advances are measured
                          at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method, net of any provision for credit impairment.



                                                                                                                                    Group                                Company
                                                                                                                               2025               2024                 2025               2024
                                                                                                                                 $m                 $m                   $m                 $m
                         Loans and advances
                         Housing loans                                                                                      436,613            416,758             380,142             361,195
                         Other term lending                                                                                 301,482            279,441             261,910             239,250
                         Asset and lease financing                                                                           19,278              18,879              19,219             18,822




For personal use only
                         Overdrafts                                                                                            5,784              5,886               3,922               3,870
                         Credit card outstandings                                                                            10,043               9,455               9,375               8,725
                         Other lending                                                                                         7,895              7,211               7,406               6,767
                         Total gross loans and advances                                                                     781,095            737,630             681,974             638,629
                          Unearned income and deferred net fee income                                                        (2,013)             (2,003)             (2,174)             (2,126)
                          Capitalised brokerage costs                                                                          3,209              2,986               3,026               2,808
                          Provision for credit impairment                                                                    (6,165)             (5,921)             (5,274)             (4,965)
                         Total net loans and advances                                                                       776,126            732,692             677,552             634,346


                        Note 13
                        Deposits and other borrowings

                          Accounting policy
                          Deposits and other borrowings are initially recognised at fair value less directly attributable transaction costs and
                          subsequently measured at amortised cost.



                                                                                                                                    Group                                Company
                                                                                                                               2025               2024                 2025               2024
                                                                                                                                 $m                 $m                   $m                 $m
                         Deposits and other borrowings
                         Term deposits(1)                                                                                   205,021            204,526             170,964             169,148
                         On-demand and short-term deposits(1)(2)                                                            286,867            285,474             257,558             256,651
                         Certificates of deposit                                                                             53,526              65,504              53,526             65,504
                         Deposits not bearing interest(2)(3)                                                                134,815              96,561            121,658              85,159
                         Structured deposits(1)                                                                              31,727              26,234              31,727             26,234
                         Commercial paper and other borrowings                                                               24,203              34,267              23,823             33,869
                         Total deposits and other borrowings                                                                736,159            712,566             659,256             636,565
                         (1) During the 2025 financial year, the Group revised its presentation of deposit categories to present structured deposits separately. Comparative information has been
                             restated accordingly.
                         (2) During the 2025 financial year, the terms and conditions related to certain transaction accounts totalling $25,777 million were amended and, as a result of these
                             changes, the products no longer met the criteria for 'On-demand and short-term deposits' and as such were moved to 'Deposits not bearing interest'
                         (3) Deposits not bearing interest include mortgage offset accounts.




                        170   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 14
                        Bonds, notes and subordinated debt

                          Accounting policy
                          Bonds, notes and subordinated debt are initially recognised at fair value less directly attributable transaction costs and             About
                          subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Premiums, discounts and associated issue
                          expenses are recognised using the effective interest method through the income statement from the date of issue.                    this report


                                                                                                        Group                       Company
                                                                                                     2025          2024            2025           2024


                                                                                                                                                              Our business
                                                                                                       $m            $m             $m             $m
                         Bonds, notes and subordinated debt


                                                                                                                                                                 in 2025
                         Medium-term notes                                                        104,587         97,420         96,406         88,717
                         Securitisation notes                                                       2,600          3,548              -                -
                         Covered bonds                                                             40,419         32,916         35,082         29,429
                         Subordinated medium-term notes                                            26,701         22,410         25,924         22,410
                         Total bonds, notes and subordinated debt                                 174,307        156,294        157,412        140,556




                                                                                                                                                                Creating value




For personal use only
                         Issued bonds, notes and subordinated debt by currency
                         AUD                                                                       53,316         48,683         50,675         45,095
                         USD                                                                       61,394         56,896         54,670         50,189
                         EUR                                                                       36,097         29,151         29,528         24,557
                         GBP                                                                       11,925         11,610         11,937         11,633
                         JPY                                                                        2,448          1,876          2,448           1,876

                                                                                                                                                              Corporate
                         CHF                                                                        4,196          3,344          3,210           2,479
                         Other                                                                      4,931          4,734          4,944           4,727
                         Total bonds, notes and subordinated debt                                 174,307        156,294        157,412        140,556       Governance
                                                                                                                                                              Statement




                                                                                                                                                                 Risk

                                                                                                                                                              management




                                                                                                                                                                Report of

                                                                                                                                                              the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                Financial report




                                                                                                                                                               Additional

                                                                                                                                                              information




                                                                                                                                  2025 Annual Report   171
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 14 Bonds, notes and subordinated debt (cont.)

                        Subordinated medium-term notes

                                                                                                                                     Group                           Company
                                  Notional amount
                                         Currency                           First optional           Maturity                   2025             2024              2025             2024
                         Currency      amount (m)(1)            Rate          call date(2)            date(3)                     $m              $m                 $m              $m
                         CAD                         1,000      Fixed             n/a              Matured 2025                      -           1,055                  -           1,055
                         AUD                         1,250      Float             2025                  2030                    1,250            1,250            1,250             1,250
                         USD                         1,500      Fixed             n/a                   2030                    1,967            1,838            1,967             1,838
                         GBP                             600    Fixed             2026                  2031                    1,183            1,085            1,183             1,085
                         AUD                         1,175      Float             2026                  2031                    1,175            1,175            1,175             1,175
                         AUD                             225    Fixed             2026                  2031                      219              214               219             214
                         USD                         1,250      Fixed             n/a                   2031                    1,689            1,597            1,689             1,597
                         AUD                             275    Fixed             2027                  2032                      272              270               272             270
                         JPY                       17,000       Fixed             2027                  2032                      171              171               171             171
                         AUD                         1,000      Fixed             2027                  2032                    1,000            1,000            1,000             1,000
                         AUD                             250    Float             2027                  2032                      250              250               250             250




For personal use only
                         HKD                             382    Fixed             2027                  2032                       74               71                74               71
                         AUD                             950    Fixed             2028                  2033                      950              950               950             950
                         AUD                             300    Float             2028                  2033                      300              300               300             300
                         HKD                             640    Fixed             2028                  2033                      127              122               127             122
                         USD                         1,250      Fixed             n/a                   2033                    1,875            1,815            1,875             1,815
                         AUD                         1,100      Float             2029                  2034                    1,100            1,100            1,100             1,100
                         AUD                             650    Fixed             2029                  2034                      650              650               650             650
                         USD                         1,500      Fixed             2029                  2034                    2,136            2,017            2,136             2,017
                         HKD                             400    Fixed             2030                  2035                       78                -                78                -
                         CHF                             225    Fixed             2030                  2035                      427                -               427                -
                         AUD                             205    Fixed             n/a                   2035                      205              205               205             205
                         USD(4)                          500    Fixed             2030                  2035                      777                -                  -               -
                         USD                         1,250      Fixed             2035                  2036                    1,964                -            1,964                 -
                         USD                         1,250      Fixed             2032                  2037                    1,676            1,591            1,676             1,591
                         AUD                              85    Fixed             n/a                   2037                       85               85                85               85
                         AUD                         1,250      Fixed             2034                  2039                    1,250            1,250            1,250             1,250
                         AUD                         1,500      Fixed             2035                  2040                    1,500                -            1,500                 -
                         AUD                             215    Fixed             n/a                   2040                      137              138               137             138
                         AUD                             245    Fixed             n/a                   2040                      157              157               157             157
                         AUD                             100    Fixed             n/a                   2040                       64               64                64               64
                         USD                         1,250      Fixed             n/a                   2041                    1,295            1,292            1,295             1,292
                         AUD                             195    Fixed             n/a                   2041                      195              195               195             195
                         AUD                             203    Fixed             n/a                   2042                      203              203               203             203
                         AUD                             300    Float             2038                  2043                      300              300               300             300
                         Total                                                                                                26,701           22,410            25,924           22,410
                         (1) Subordinated medium-term notes qualify as Tier 2 capital unless otherwise stated.
                         (2) Reflects calendar year of first optional call date (subject to APRA's prior written approval).
                         (3) Reflects calendar year of maturity date.
                         (4) The subordinated note issued by Bank of New Zealand does not contain the necessary loss-absorbing features and therefore does not meet APRA’s requirements to
                             qualify as regulatory capital.




                        172    National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 15
                        Debt issues

                          Accounting policy
                          Convertible notes are initially recognised at fair value less directly attributable transaction costs and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.



                                                                                                                                                                                      Group                                     Company




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                   2025              2024                      2025                   2024
                                                                                                                                                                                     $m               $m                        $m                       $m
                         Debt issued
                         Convertible notes                                                                                                                                         8,972             9,560                    8,972                   9,560
                         Total debt issued                                                                                                                                         8,972             9,560                    8,972                   9,560


                        The table below highlights the key features of the Group’s debt issuances.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Maturity / Conversion
                                                                   Outstanding                                          Interest payment frequency                                                     Mandatory                   Issuer
                         Convertible notes(1)                      amount                 Issued date                   (in arrears)                                 Interest rate (per annum)         conversion(2)               conversion option(3)
                         NAB Capital Notes 3                                $1.87bn       20 March 2019                 Quarterly                                    4.00% above 3 month BBSW          19 June 2028                17 June 2026
                         NAB Capital Notes 5                                $2.39bn       17 December 2020              Quarterly                                    3.50% above 3 month BBSW          17 December 2029            17 December 2027
                         NAB Capital Notes 6                                $2.00bn       7 July 2022                   Quarterly                                    3.15% above 3 month BBSW          17 September 2032           17 December 2029(4)
                         NAB Capital Notes 7                                $1.25bn       14 September 2023             Quarterly                                    2.80% above 3 month BBSW          17 June 2033                17 September 2030(5)
                         NAB Capital Notes 8                                $1.00bn       6 June 2024                   Quarterly                                    2.60% above 3 month BBSW          18 December 2034            17 March 2032(6)
                         NAB Wholesale Capital Notes                         $0.5bn       12 December 2019              Semi-annually until the optional             4.95% until the optional call     12 December 2031            12 December 2029
                                                                                                                        call date. Quarterly thereafter.             date. 3.75% above 3 month
                                                                                                                                                                     BBSW thereafter.
                         NAB Wholesale Capital Notes 2                  Redeemed          17 July 2020                  Quarterly                                    4.00% above 3 month BBSW          Redeemed 17 July 2025       Redeemed 17 July 2025
                                                                          ($0.6bn)
                         (1) All convertible notes are treated as AT1 capital.
                         (2) The mandatory conversion into ordinary shares is subject to certain conditions.
                         (3) The Issuer Conversion Option is subject to certain conditions, including APRA approval.
                         (4) First optional conversion date of 17 December 2029, with subsequent optional conversion dates on 17 March 2030, 17 June 2030 and 17 September 2030.
                         (5) First optional conversion date of 17 September 2030, with subsequent optional conversion dates on 17 December 2030, 17 March 2031 and 17 June 2031.
                         (6) First optional conversion date of 17 March 2032, with subsequent optional conversion dates on 17 June 2032, 17 September 2032 and 17 December 2032.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      2025 Annual Report   173
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 16
                        Other financial liabilities

                           Accounting policy
                           In certain circumstances, the Group fair values financial liabilities.
                           Some financial liabilities are measured at fair value through profit or loss because they are part of a portfolio of financial
                           instruments that are managed together and for which there is evidence of a pattern of short-term profit taking. For these,
                           changes in fair value due to own credit risk is recognised through profit or loss.
                           Some financial liabilities are designated at fair value through profit or loss from initial recognition. This option is applied
                           where it eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would otherwise arise. For
                           these, changes in fair value due to own credit risk is recognised in other comprehensive income.



                                                                                                               Group                         Company
                                                                                                            2025           2024            2025            2024
                                                                                                             $m             $m               $m              $m
                         Other financial liabilities designated at fair value
                         Bonds, notes and subordinated debt                                                9,624          10,287           5,406          4,885




For personal use only
                         Deposits and other borrowings
                           Certificates of deposit                                                           799           1,379               -              -
                           Commercial paper and other borrowings                                           2,333            433                -              -


                         Other financial liabilities measured at fair value
                         Repurchase agreements                                                            52,708          54,677          52,158         54,593
                         Securities sold short                                                             3,243           1,947           3,123          1,809
                         Other financial liabilities                                                       1,757           1,549           1,757          1,549
                         Total other financial liabilities                                                70,464          70,272          62,444         62,836


                        The change in fair value of bonds, notes and subordinated debt attributable to changes in credit risk amounted to a gain for
                        the 2025 financial year of $2 million (2024: $87 million loss) for the Group and a gain of $4 million (2024: $95 million loss) for the
                        Company. The cumulative change in fair value of bonds, notes and subordinated debt attributable to changes in credit risk
                        amounted to a loss of $164 million (2024: $166 million loss) for the Group and a loss of $130 million (2024: $134 million loss) for the
                        Company. The contractual amount to be paid at the maturity of the bonds, notes and subordinated debt is $10,122 million (2024:
                        $10,561 million) for the Group and $6,069 million (2024: $5,238 million) for the Company.




                        174   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 17
                        Provision for credit impairment

                          Accounting policy
                          The Group applies a three-stage approach to measuring expected credit losses (ECL) for the following categories of                                About
                          financial assets that are not measured at fair value through profit or loss:
                          •    Debt instruments measured at amortised cost and fair value through other comprehensive income,                                            this report
                          •    Loan commitments, and
                          •    Financial guarantee contracts.
                          Exposures are assessed on a collective basis in each stage unless there is sufficient evidence that one or more events
                          associated with an exposure could have a detrimental impact on estimated future cash flows. Where such evidence exists,

                                                                                                                                                                         Our business
                          the exposure is assessed on an individual basis.



                                                                                                                                                                            in 2025
                              Stage                                     Measurement basis
                              Performing - 12-month ECL (Stage 1)       The portion of lifetime ECL associated with the probability of default events occurring
                                                                        within the next 12 months.
                              Performing - Lifetime ECL (Stage 2)       ECL associated with the probability of default events occurring throughout the life of
                                                                        an instrument.
                              Non-performing - Lifetime ECL (Stage 3)   Lifetime ECL, but interest income is measured based on the carrying amount of the




                                                                                                                                                                           Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                        instrument net of the associated ECL.


                          At each reporting date, the Group assesses the default risk of exposures in comparison to the default risk at initial
                          recognition, to determine the stage that applies to the associated ECL measurement. If no significant increase in default
                          risk is observed, the exposure will remain in Stage 1. If the default risk of an exposure has increased significantly since initial
                          recognition, the exposure will migrate to Stage 2. Should an exposure become non-performing it will migrate to Stage 3.
                          For this purpose, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue
                          cost or effort. This includes quantitative and qualitative information that is also forward-looking.

                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate
                          ECL are derived from probability-weighted estimates of expected loss, and are measured as follows:
                          •    Financial assets that are performing at the reporting date: as the present value of all cash shortfalls over the expected
                               life of the financial asset discounted by the effective interest rate. The cash shortfall is the difference between the                  Governance
                               cash flows due to the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive.                         Statement
                          •    Financial assets that are non-performing at the reporting date: as the difference between the gross carrying amount
                               and the present value of estimated future cash flows.
                          •    Undrawn loan commitments: as the present value of the difference between the contractual cash flows that are due to
                               the Group if the commitment is drawn down and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive.

                                                                                                                                                                            Risk
                          •    Financial guarantee contracts: as the expected payments to reimburse the holder less any amounts that the Group
                               expects to recover.

                          Credit quality of financial assets                                                                                                             management
                          The Group’s internally developed credit rating system utilises historical default data drawn from a number of sources to
                          assess the potential default risk of lending or other financial services products provided to counterparties or customers.
                          The Group has predefined counterparty probabilities of default across retail and non-retail loans and advances, including
                          performing (pre-default) and non-performing (post-default) rating grades. In assessing for credit impairment of financial

                                                                                                                                                                           Report of
                          assets under the ECL model, the Group aligns credit impairment with the definition of default prescribed in its Credit Policy
                          and Procedures.


                                                                                                                                                                         the Directors
                          Assessment of significant increase in credit risk
                          When determining whether default risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group considers both
                          quantitative and qualitative information, including expert credit risk assessment, forward-looking information and analysis
                          based on the Group’s historical default experience.
                          •    For retail and non-retail facilities, internally derived credit ratings, as described above, represent a key determinant of




                                                                                                                                                                           Financial report
                               default risk. The Group assigns each customer a credit rating at initial recognition based on available information. Credit
                               risk is deemed to have increased significantly if the credit rating has significantly deteriorated at the reporting date,
                               relative to the credit rating at the date of initial recognition.




                                                                                                                                                                          Additional

                                                                                                                                                                         information




                                                                                                                                             2025 Annual Report   175
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 17 Provision for credit impairment (cont.)

                          •    In addition, the Group considers that significant increase in credit risk occurs when a facility is more than 30 days
                               past due.

                          Definition of default
                          Default occurs when a loan obligation is contractually 90+ days past due, or when it is considered unlikely that the credit
                          obligation to the Group will be paid in full without remedial action, such as realisation of security. Exposures which are in
                          default align to the non-performing exposures definition in APS 220 Credit Risk Management.

                          Calculation of ECL
                          •    ECL are calculated using three main parameters being probability of default (PD), loss given default (LGD) and exposure
                               at default (EAD). These parameters are generally derived from internally developed statistical models combined with
                               historical, current and forward-looking information, including macro-economic data.
                          •    For accounting purposes, the 12-month and lifetime PD represent the expected point-in-time probability of a default
                               over the next 12 months and remaining expected lifetime of the financial instrument, respectively, based on conditions
                               existing at the balance sheet date and future economic conditions that affect credit risk.
                          •    The LGD represents expected loss conditional on default, taking into account the mitigating effect of collateral, its
                               expected value when realised and the time value of money.




For personal use only
                          •    The EAD represents the expected exposure at default, taking into account the repayment of principal and interest from
                               the balance sheet date to the default event together with any expected drawdown of a facility.
                          •    The 12-month ECL is equal to the discounted sum over the next 12-months of monthly PD multiplied by LGD and EAD.
                               Lifetime ECL is calculated using the discounted sum of monthly PD over the expected remaining life multiplied by LGD
                               and EAD.

                          Incorporation of forward-looking information
                          •    The Group uses internal subject matter experts from Risk, Economics and customer divisions to consider a range of
                               relevant forward-looking data, including macro-economic forecasts and assumptions, for the determination of general
                               macro-economic adjustments (EA) and any idiosyncratic or targeted portfolio / industry adjustments (FLAs), to support
                               the calculation of ECL.
                          •    Forward-looking provisions for both EA and FLAs, reflect reasonable and supportable forecasts of potential future
                               conditions that are not captured within the base ECL calculations.
                          •    Macro-economic factors taken into consideration include (but are not limited to) the cash rate, unemployment rates,
                               GDP growth rates, inflation and residential and commercial property prices, and require an evaluation of both the
                               current and forecast direction of the macro-economic cycle.
                          •    Incorporating forward-looking information, including macro-economic forecasts, increases the degree of judgement
                               required to assess how changes in these data points will affect ECL. The methodologies and assumptions, including any
                               forecasts of future economic conditions, are reviewed regularly.

                          Critical accounting judgements and estimates
                          Judgement is applied in determining ECL using objective, reasonable and supportable information about current and
                          forecast economic conditions. Macro-economic variables used in these scenarios include (but are not limited to)
                          the cash rate, unemployment rates, GDP growth rates, inflation and residential and commercial property prices. When
                          determining whether the risk of default has increased significantly since initial recognition, both quantitative and
                          qualitative information is considered, including expert credit assessment, forward-looking information and analysis based
                          on the Group’s historical loss experience.




                        176   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 17 Provision for credit impairment (cont.)

                        Credit impairment charge

                                                                                                                 Group                                Company
                                                                                                              2025             2024                 2025            2024             About

                                                                                                                                                                                  this report
                                                                                                                $m                $m                  $m             $m
                         Credit impairment charge
                         New and increased provisions (net of collective provision releases)                  1,061              968                 986             815
                         Write-backs of individually assessed provisions                                      (178)              (132)              (136)           (106)
                         Recoveries of amounts previously written-off                                          (50)               (95)                (44)               (90)


                                                                                                                                                                                  Our business
                         Total charge to the income statement                                                  833               741                 806             619


                        Provision for credit impairment

                                                                                                                                                                                     in 2025
                                                                                                                         Group
                                                                                                   2025                                            2024
                                                                                               Individually                                    Individually
                                                                                Collective       assessed                     Collective         assessed




                                                                                                                                                                                    Creating value
                                                                                 provision       provision            Total    provision         provision         Total




For personal use only
                                                                                       $m              $m               $m               $m            $m            $m
                         Loans and advances at amortised cost                        4,415           1,163            5,578         4,557              756          5,313
                         Guarantees and credit-related commitments                     587                -            587               608               -         608
                         Total                                                       5,002           1,163            6,165         5,165              756          5,921


                                                                                                                        Company
                                                                                                   2025                                            2024
                                                                                               Individually                                    Individually                       Corporate
                                                                                Collective       assessed                     Collective         assessed
                                                                                 provision       provision            Total    provision         provision         Total         Governance
                                                                                                                                                                                  Statement
                                                                                       $m              $m               $m               $m            $m            $m
                         Loans and advances at amortised cost                        3,844             980            4,824         3,863              635          4,498
                         Guarantees and credit-related commitments                     450                -            450               467               -         467
                         Total                                                       4,294             980            5,274         4,330              635          4,965



                                                                                                                                                                                     Risk

                                                                                                                                                                                  management




                                                                                                                                                                                    Report of

                                                                                                                                                                                  the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                    Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                   Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                  information




                                                                                                                                                    2025 Annual Report     177
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 17 Provision for credit impairment (cont.)

                                                                                                       Stage 1       Stage 2             Stage 3
                                                                                                    Performing Performing
                                                                                                        12-mth    Lifetime          Non-performing
                                                                                                           ECL         ECL           Lifetime ECL
                                                                                                                                               Individually
                                                                                                     Collective    Collective    Collective      assessed      Total
                            Group                                                                           $m            $m            $m             $m        $m
                            Balance at 1 October 2023                                                      529          3,540          977             539     5,585
                            Changes due to financial assets recognised in the opening balance
                            that have:
                             Transferred to performing - 12-mth ECL - collective                           408           (373)          (35)             -         -
                             Transferred to performing - Lifetime ECL - collective                          (54)         179           (125)             -         -
                             Transferred to non-performing - Lifetime ECL - collective                       (2)          (87)          89               -         -
                             Transferred to non-performing - Lifetime ECL - individually assessed            (1)          (28)          (81)           110         -
                            New and increased provisions (net of collective provision releases)            (223)         165           273             753      968
                            Write-backs of individually assessed provisions                                   -             -             -           (132)     (132)
                            Write-offs from individually assessed provisions                                  -             -             -           (512)     (512)
                            Foreign currency translation and other adjustments                                9             4             1              (2)     12




For personal use only
                            Balance as at 30 September 2024                                                666          3,400         1,099            756     5,921
                            Changes due to financial assets recognised in the opening balance
                            that have:
                             Transferred to performing - 12-mth ECL - collective                           759          (720)          (39)               -        -
                             Transferred to performing - Lifetime ECL - collective                        (115)          270          (155)               -        -
                             Transferred to non-performing - Lifetime ECL - collective                      (5)         (201)          206                -        -
                             Transferred to non-performing - Lifetime ECL - individually assessed           (1)          (88)          (91)            180         -
                            New and increased provisions (net of collective provision releases)           (653)          530           173           1,011     1,061
                            Write-backs of individually assessed provisions                                   -             -             -           (178)    (178)
                            Write-offs from individually assessed provisions                                  -             -             -           (600)    (600)
                            Foreign currency translation and other adjustments                              (5)          (22)           (6)             (6)     (39)
                            Balance as at 30 September 2025                                                646         3,169         1,187           1,163     6,165


                        Impact of movements in gross carrying amount on provision for ECL for the Group
                        Provision for credit impairment reflects ECL measured using the three-stage approach. The below explains how significant
                        changes in the gross carrying amount of loans and advances during the 2025 financial year have contributed to the changes in
                        the provision for credit impairment for the Group under the ECL model.
                        Overall, the total provision for credit impairment increased by $244 million compared to the balance as at 30 September 2024;
                        Individually assessed provisions increased by $407 million compared to the balance as at 30 September 2024, mainly due to new
                        and increased individually assessed provisions raised for customers in the Group's business lending portfolio; and Collective
                        provisions decreased by $163 million compared to the balance as at 30 September 2024, comprised of:
                        •    Collective provision performing – 12-months ECL (Stage 1) decreased by $20 million as a result of:
                             – $177 billion of loans and advances that were repaid, experienced movement in underlying account balances during the
                                period or migrated from Stage 1 to Stage 2 or Stage 3 due to deterioration in credit quality, partially offset by:
                             – $217 billion of loans and advances that were newly originated or migrated into Stage 1 from Stage 2 or Stage 3 due to credit
                               quality improvement.
                        •    Collective provision performing – Lifetime ECL (Stage 2) decreased by $231 million as a result of:
                             – $93 billion of loans and advances that migrated to Stage 1 as a result of improved credit quality, or into Stage 3 due
                                to deterioration in credit quality, were repaid or experienced movement in underlying account balances during the
                                period, and
                             – a decrease in net forward-looking provisions, partially offset by:
                             – $96 billion of loans and advances that were originated and migrated over the year to Stage 2, including the impact of
                               forward-looking economic information applied in the ECL model or migrated to Stage 2 as a result of loans and advances
                               transferred from Stage 1 or Stage 3.
                        •    Collective provision non-performing - Lifetime ECL (Stage 3) increased by $88 million as a result of:
                             – $8 billion of loans and advances that experienced movement in underlying account balances during the period or were
                                transferred into Stage 3 from Stage 1 and Stage 2 due to credit quality deterioration, partially offset by:
                             – $7 billion of loans and advances that were repaid or migrated to Stage 1 or Stage 2 due to credit quality improvement or
                               migrated to individually credit assessed with individually assessed provisions raised.

                        ECL scenario analysis
                        The Group’s ECL measurement is derived from a probability weighted average of three distinct scenarios (base case, upside
                        and downside) applied across each of the Group’s major loan portfolios, in addition to FLAs for emerging risk at an industry,



                        178    National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 17 Provision for credit impairment (cont.)

                        geography or segment level. The probability of each scenario is determined by considering relevant macro-economic outlooks
                        and their likely impact on the Group’s credit portfolio.


                                                                                                                                                                        About
                        The following table shows the key macro-economic variables for the Australian economy used in the base case and downside
                        scenarios as at 30 September 2025:

                                                                                         Base case                                  Downside                         this report
                                                                                        Financial year                            Financial year
                                                                                2026           2027       2028          2026             2027          2028
                                                                                   %              %          %              %                  %             %
                         GDP change (year ended September)                        2.2            2.3        2.3           (2.1)           (1.8)             1.7
                         Unemployment (as at 30 September)                        4.3            4.2        4.2            6.5             9.5          10.3
                                                                                                                                                                     Our business
                         House price change (year ended September)                6.6            5.0        3.0          (26.6)          (14.6)             6.9

                                                                                                                                                                        in 2025
                        The following table shows the reported total provisions for ECL based on the probability weighting of scenarios, with the
                        sensitivity range reflecting the ECL impacts assuming a 100% weighting is applied to the base case scenario or the downside
                        scenario (with all other assumptions held constant):




                                                                                                                                                                       Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                           Group
                                                                                                                                       2025            2024
                                                                                                                                         $m             $m
                         Total provisions for ECL
                         Probability weighted                                                                                          6,165           5,921
                         100% Base case                                                                                                3,921           4,116
                         100% Downside                                                                                                 9,170           8,333


                        Applying the average provision coverage ratios by stage, if 1% of the Group's Stage 1 gross loans and advances, contingent                   Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                    Governance
                        liabilities and credit commitments were included as Stage 2 the provision for ECL as at September 2025 would increase by
                        $122 million (September 2024: $130 million).
                        Applying the average provision coverage ratios by stage, if 1% of the Group's Stage 2 gross loans and advances, contingent                   Statement
                        liabilities and credit commitments were included as Stage 1 the provision for ECL as at September 2025 would decrease by
                        $30 million (September 2024: $32 million).




                                                                                                                                                                        Risk

                                                                                                                                                                     management




                                                                                                                                                                       Report of

                                                                                                                                                                     the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                      Additional

                                                                                                                                                                     information




                                                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report     179
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 17 Provision for credit impairment (cont.)

                        The table below shows weightings applied to the Australian portfolio to derive the probability weighted ECL:

                                                                                                                                                  2025           2024
                                                                                                                                                     %              %
                            Macro-economics scenario weightings
                            Upside                                                                                                                  2.5            2.5
                            Base case                                                                                                              55.0           55.0
                            Downside                                                                                                               42.5           42.5


                        •    The September 2025 provisions for ECL in the 100% base case decreased since September 2024 primarily due to a reduction in
                             forward-looking provisions, including a release from target sector FLAs and the impact of the refresh of the macro-economic
                             variables used in the expected credit loss scenarios. This was partially offset by an increase in the balance of individually
                             assessed provisions and the impact of volume growth in the Business and Private Banking business lending portfolio,
                             combined with deterioration in asset quality across the Australian lending portfolio.
                        •    The September 2025 provisions for ECL in the 100% downside scenario increased since September 2024 primarily due to an
                             increase in the balance of individually assessed provisions and the impact of volume growth in the Business and Private
                             Banking business lending portfolio, combined with deterioration in asset quality across the Australian lending portfolio. This
                             was partially offset by a reduction in forward-looking provisions, including a release from target sector FLAs.




For personal use only
                        •    The scenario weightings for the Australian portfolio remain unchanged.
                        The table below provides a breakdown of the probability weighted ECL by key portfolios:

                                                                                                                                                      Group
                                                                                                                                                  2025           2024
                                                                                                                                                    $m             $m
                            Total provisions for ECL for key portfolios
                            Housing                                                                                                              1,296           1,246
                            Business                                                                                                             4,411           4,245
                            Other                                                                                                                  458            430
                            Total                                                                                                                6,165           5,921


                                                                                                       Stage 1       Stage 2             Stage 3
                                                                                                    Performing Performing
                                                                                                        12-mth    Lifetime          Non-performing
                                                                                                           ECL         ECL           Lifetime ECL
                                                                                                                                               Individually
                                                                                                     Collective    Collective    Collective      assessed        Total
                            Company                                                                         $m            $m            $m                $m       $m
                            Balance at 1 October 2023                                                      454          2,941          837                461    4,693
                            Changes due to financial assets recognised in the opening balance
                            that have:
                             Transferred to performing - 12-mth ECL - collective                           359           (337)          (22)                -        -
                             Transferred to performing - Lifetime ECL - collective                          (41)         142           (101)                -        -
                             Transferred to non-performing - Lifetime ECL - collective                       (2)          (79)          81                  -        -
                             Transferred to non-performing - Lifetime ECL - individually assessed             -           (20)          (65)               85        -
                            New and increased provisions (net of collective provision releases)            (215)          97           277                656     815
                            Write-backs of individually assessed provisions                                   -             -             -           (106)       (106)
                            Write-offs from individually assessed provisions                                  -             -             -           (458)       (458)
                            Foreign currency translation and other adjustments                                9           12              3                (3)     21
                            Balance as at 30 September 2024                                                564          2,756         1,010               635    4,965
                            Changes due to financial assets recognised in the opening balance
                            that have:
                             Transferred to performing - 12-mth ECL - collective                           662          (627)          (35)                 -        -
                             Transferred to performing - Lifetime ECL - collective                        (105)          254          (149)                 -        -
                             Transferred to non-performing - Lifetime ECL - collective                      (5)         (189)          194                  -        -
                             Transferred to non-performing - Lifetime ECL - individually assessed             -          (60)          (88)            148           -
                            New and increased provisions (net of collective provision releases)           (608)          555           163             876        986
                            Write-backs of individually assessed provisions                                   -             -             -           (136)      (136)
                            Write-offs from individually assessed provisions                                  -             -             -           (545)      (545)
                            Foreign currency translation and other adjustments                               1             1              -                2        4
                            Balance as at 30 September 2025                                                509         2,690         1,095             980       5,274



                        180    National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 17 Provision for credit impairment (cont.)

                        Impact of movements in gross carrying amount on provision for ECL for the Company
                        Provision for credit impairment reflects ECL measured using the three-stage approach. The below explains how significant

                                                                                                                                                                           About
                        changes in the gross carrying amount of loans and advances during the 2025 financial year have contributed to the changes in
                        the provision for credit impairment for the Company under the ECL model.

                                                                                                                                                                        this report
                        Overall, the total provision for credit impairment increased by $309 million compared to the balance as at 30 September 2024;
                        Individually assessed provisions increased by $345 million compared to the balance as at 30 September 2024, mainly due to
                        new and increased individually assessed provisions raised in Australian business lending portfolio; and Collective provisions
                        decreased by $36 million compared to the balance as at 30 September 2024, comprised of:
                        •     Collective provision performing – 12-months ECL (Stage 1) decreased by $55 million due to:
                              – $146 billion of loans and advances that were repaid, experienced movement in underlying account balances during the

                                                                                                                                                                        Our business
                                 period or migrated from Stage 1 to Stage 2 or Stage 3 due to deterioration in credit quality, partially offset by:
                              – $187 billion of loans and advances that were newly originated or migrated into Stage 1 from Stage 2 or Stage 3 due to credit

                                                                                                                                                                           in 2025
                                quality improvement.
                        •     Collective provision performing – Lifetime ECL (Stage 2) decreased by $66 million due to:
                              – $74 billion of loans and advances that were repaid, experienced movement in underlying account balances during the
                                 period, migrated to Stage 1 as a result of improved credit quality, or into Stage 3 due to deterioration in credit quality, and
                              – a decrease in net forward-looking provisions, partially offset by:




                                                                                                                                                                          Creating value




For personal use only
                              – $81 billion of loans and advances that were originated and migrated over the year to Stage 2, including the impact of
                                forward-looking economic information applied in the ECL model or migrated to Stage 2 as a result of loans and advances
                                transferred from Stage 1 or Stage 3.
                        •     Collective provision non-performing - Lifetime ECL (Stage 3) increased by $85 million due to:
                              – $8 billion of existing loans and advances that were transferred into Stage 3 from Stage 1 and Stage 2 due to credit quality
                                 deterioration or experienced movement in underlying account balances during the period, partially offset by:
                              – $6 billion of loan and advances that were repaid, migrated to Stage 1 or Stage 2 due to credit quality improvement or
                                migrated to individually credit assessed with individually assessed provisions raised.

                        Write-offs                                                                                                                                      Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                       Governance
                                                                                                        Group                              Company
                                                                                                     2025              2024               2025              2024        Statement
                                                                                                        %                 %                  %                   %
                            Write-offs net of recoveries to gross loans and advances
                            for key portfolios


                                                                                                                                                                           Risk
                            Housing                                                                   0.01              0.01              0.01               0.01
                            Business                                                                  0.07              0.05              0.07               0.04



                                                                                                                                                                        management
                            Other(1)                                                                  2.59              2.11              2.62               2.09
                            Total                                                                     0.07              0.06              0.07               0.06
                            (1) Other includes the Group's unsecured retail portfolios.


                        The contractual amount outstanding on loans and advances that were written off during the 2025 financial year, which are
                        still subject to enforcement activity, was $55 million (2024: $26 million) for the Group and $48 million (2024: $25 million) for

                                                                                                                                                                          Report of
                        the Company.



                                                                                                                                                                        the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                          Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                         Additional

                                                                                                                                                                        information




                                                                                                                                            2025 Annual Report   181
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 18
                        Derivatives and hedge accounting

                          Accounting policy
                          Trading derivatives
                          Trading derivatives are not in a qualifying hedging relationship and are measured at fair value through profit or loss.
                          Hedge accounting
                          The Group utilises the following types of hedge relationships in managing its exposure to risk. At inception of all hedge relationships the Group documents the relationship between




For personal use only
                          the hedging instrument and hedged item, the risk being hedged, the Group’s risk management objective and strategy and how effectiveness will be measured throughout the
                          hedge relationship.

                                                                             Cash flow hedge                                                          Fair value hedge
                              Objective                                      To hedge changes to cash flows arising from interest rate and foreign    To hedge fair value changes to recognised assets and liabilities
                                                                             currency risk.                                                           arising from interest rate and foreign currency risk.
                              Methods for testing hedge effectiveness        Critical terms matching, regression analysis or cumulative               Critical terms matching or cumulative dollar offset.
                                                                             dollar offset.
                              Potential sources of ineffectiveness           Primarily mismatches in terms of the hedged item and the                 Primarily mismatches in terms of the hedged item and the hedging
                                                                             hedging instrument.                                                      instrument, prepayment risk and reset risk.
                                                                             Discounting basis between the hedged item and hedging instrument.        Discounting basis between the hedged item and hedging instrument.
                              Recognition of effective hedge portion         Fair value changes of the hedging instrument associated with the         Fair value changes of the hedging instrument and those arising
                                                                             hedged risk are recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve in equity.     from the hedged risk on the hedged item are recognised in the
                                                                                                                                                      income statement.
                              Recognition of ineffective hedge portion                                               Recognised in the income statement as ineffectiveness arises.
                              Hedging instrument expires, is sold, or when   Transferred to the income statement as / when the hedged item            Cumulative hedge adjustment to the hedged item is amortised to the
                              hedging criteria are no longer met             affects the income statement. If the hedged item is no longer            income statement on an effective yield basis.
                                                                             expected to occur the effective portion accumulated in equity is
                                                                             transferred to the income statement immediately.
                              Cost of hedging reserve                        For qualifying hedging instruments, the Group excludes foreign currency basis spreads from hedge designations. Any change in the fair value
                                                                             of these hedging instruments for changes in cross currency basis spreads is deferred to the cost of hedging reserve and released to profit or
                                                                             loss either when the hedged exposure affects profit or loss or on a systematic basis over the life of the hedge. The cumulative movements are
                                                                             expected to be nil by maturity of the hedging instruments.




                        182   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting (cont.)

                        Derivative assets and liabilities
                        The tables below set out total derivative assets and liabilities disclosed as trading and hedging derivatives.

                        Total derivatives

                                                                                                                     Group                                                  Company
                                                                                                    Assets                          Liabilities                Assets                    Liabilities




For personal use only
                                                                                                 2025            2024             2025             2024     2025         2024          2025             2024
                                                                                                   $m             $m                $m              $m        $m          $m             $m              $m
                         Trading derivatives                                                   19,616          26,759            18,204           27,026   19,366       27,161        22,037           29,678
                         Hedging derivatives                                                    2,210           2,007             1,999            5,550    1,329        1,297         1,268            3,335
                         Total derivatives                                                     21,826          28,766            20,203           32,576   20,695       28,458        23,305           33,013


                        Trading derivatives

                                                                                                                     Group                                                  Company
                                                                                                    Assets                          Liabilities                Assets                    Liabilities
                                                                                                 2025            2024             2025             2024     2025         2024          2025             2024
                                                                                                   $m             $m                $m              $m        $m          $m             $m              $m
                         Foreign exchange rate-related contracts
                           Spot and forward contracts                                           7,704          10,325             6,500           11,079    7,271        9,795         6,328           10,360
                           Cross currency swaps                                                 4,583           8,206             5,669            8,358    5,696       10,087        10,010           12,134
                           Options / swaptions                                                    111              68              133              127      111           69           134              127
                         Total foreign exchange rate-related contracts                         12,398          18,599            12,302           19,564   13,078       19,951        16,472           22,621
                         Interest rate-related contracts
                           Swaps                                                                6,064           6,575             4,931            5,970    5,132        5,605         4,589            5,554
                           Options / swaptions                                                    498             846              560             1,062     495          846           560             1,060
                         Total interest rate-related contracts                                  6,562           7,421             5,491            7,032    5,627        6,451         5,149            6,614
                           Credit derivatives                                                     200             255              281              300      200          255           281              300
                           Commodity derivatives                                                  420             479              104              128      425          499           109              141
                           Other derivatives                                                       36               5               26                2       36            5            26                  2
                         Total trading derivatives                                             19,616          26,759            18,204           27,026   19,366       27,161        22,037           29,678




                                                                                                                                                                                        2025 Annual Report   183
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting (cont.)

                        Risk management strategy for hedge accounting

                        Overview
                        The Group’s hedging strategy is to manage its exposure to interest rate risk on a net variable basis in Australian or New Zealand dollars. For Australian and New Zealand denominated
                        exposures the Group will enter into interest rate swaps where the exposure is to a fixed interest rate. In some instances, cash flow hedges of interest rate risk are also used to arrive at a
                        net variable rate position. Foreign currency exposures are swapped to Australian or New Zealand dollars using cross-currency swaps and interest rate swaps. The material risks and the risk
                        management strategy are explained further below.




For personal use only
                        Cash flow hedges – interest rate risk
                        The Group manages interest rate risk exposure on deposits and loans via interest rate derivatives. The Group accounts for these hedge relationships as a macro cash flow hedge. The gross
                        exposures are allocated to time buckets based on expected repricing dates, with interest rate derivatives allocated to hedge accordingly. The benchmark interest rate is hedged which
                        represents the largest component of changes in fair value and is observable in relevant financial markets.

                        Cash flow hedges – foreign currency risk
                        The Group is exposed to foreign currency risk on credit margin cash flows and foreign currency risk on the principal cash flows, both of which arise from foreign currency debt issuances.
                        The Group is also exposed to foreign currency risk on certain operating costs. The Group uses foreign currency derivatives to manage changes between the foreign currency and Australian
                        and New Zealand dollars for the above mentioned cash flows. The Group has also commenced using non-derivative hedging instruments such as foreign currency cash deposits to manage
                        foreign currency risk on the principal cash flows.

                        Fair value hedges – interest rate risk
                        Interest rate risk arises on fixed rate bonds, notes and subordinated debt issuances, fixed rate debt instruments held for liquidity purposes and fixed rate loans and advances. The Group
                        hedges its interest rate risk on these instruments with relevant interest rate derivatives to reduce its exposure to changes in fair value due to interest rate fluctuations.
                        With all the fair value hedges, the benchmark interest rate is hedged which represents the largest component of changes in fair value and is observable in relevant financial markets.




                        184   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting (cont.)

                        Hedging instruments
                        Hedging instruments assets and liabilities are disclosed by the hedged risk and type of hedge relationship in which they are designated. The Group may designate separate derivatives and
                        non-derivative hedging instruments to hedge different risk components of one hedged item. In such a scenario the notional amount of hedging instruments will, in sum, exceed the notional
                        amount of the hedged item. In the case of cross-currency swaps, the Group can designate a single instrument to hedge both interest rate risk in a fair value hedge and currency risk in a
                        cash flow hedge.

                                                                                                                                                 Group                                          Company




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                     2025                    2024                    2025                     2024
                                                                                                                              Carrying                Carrying                Carrying                Carrying
                                                                                                                               amount    Notional      amount    Notional      amount    Notional      amount     Notional
                                                                              Hedging instrument              Risk                 $m           $m         $m          $m          $m           $m         $m           $m
                         Derivative assets
                         Cash flow hedges                                     Interest rate swaps           Interest                 -      197,105          -      264,288          -      183,497           -      252,314
                         Cash flow hedges                                   Cross-currency swaps            Currency             2,061       76,199      1,894       55,741      1,231       41,220       1,223       32,809
                         Cash flow hedges                                Foreign exchange contracts         Currency                2          958          1          226          2          958           1          226
                         Fair value hedges                                    Interest rate swaps           Interest              137       102,316       102        87,680        91        79,990         63        72,387
                         Fair value and cash flow hedges                    Cross-currency swaps      Interest and currency        10         2,086        10          598          5          308          10          598
                         Cash flow hedges                                            Futures(1)             Interest                 -         399           -          66           -         399            -            66
                         Total derivative assets                                                                                 2,210      379,063      2,007      408,599      1,329      306,372       1,297      358,400


                         Derivative liabilities
                         Cash flow hedges                                     Interest rate swaps           Interest                2       336,427         3       218,005         2       319,141          3       199,437
                         Cash flow hedges                                   Cross-currency swaps            Currency             1,619      127,322      4,598      132,755      1,097       85,941       3,036       90,308
                         Cash flow hedges                                Foreign exchange contracts         Currency               38         1,912       146         3,930        38         1,912        146         3,930
                         Fair value hedges                                    Interest rate swaps           Interest              104        86,534       106        79,733        84        66,308         78        63,348
                         Fair value and cash flow hedges                    Cross-currency swaps      Interest and currency       236         2,014       697         5,378        47          660          72          931
                         Cash flow hedges                                            Futures(1)             Interest                 -         551           -        1,153          -         551            -        1,153
                         Total derivative liabilities                                                                            1,999      554,760      5,550      440,954      1,268      474,513       3,335      359,107


                         Non-derivative instruments
                                                                            Cash and balances with
                         Cash flow hedges                                        other banks                Currency             7,580        7,580          -            -      7,580        7,580           -             -
                         Total non-derivative instruments                                                                        7,580        7,580          -            -      7,580        7,580           -             -
                         (1) Futures notional amounts are netted for presentation purposes.




                                                                                                                                                                                                      2025 Annual Report    185
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting (cont.)

                        The following table shows the maturity profile of hedging instruments based on their notional amounts.

                                                                                                                    2025                                                  2024
                                                                                               0 to 12                                               0 to 12
                                                                                              months     1 to 5 years      Over 5 years     Total   months     1 to 5 years      Over 5 years    Total
                                                                                                  $m             $m                 $m        $m        $m             $m                 $m       $m
                         Group




For personal use only
                         Interest rate swaps                                                  437,197        220,252            64,933    722,382   384,458        210,694             54,554   649,706
                         Foreign exchange contracts                                             2,760            110                  -     2,870      4,120            36                  -     4,156
                         Futures                                                                  850            100                  -      950       1,171            48                  -     1,219
                         Cross-currency swaps - interest and currency                           1,020          2,782               298      4,100      2,236         3,440               300      5,976
                         Cross-currency swaps - currency                                       59,039        111,721            32,761    203,521    35,147        121,154             32,195   188,496
                         Cash and balances with other banks                                     7,580               -                 -     7,580          -             -                  -         -


                         Company
                         Interest rate swaps                                                  421,851        169,478            57,607    648,936   368,551        169,000             49,937   587,488
                         Foreign exchange contracts                                             2,760            110                  -     2,870      4,120            36                  -     4,156
                         Futures(1)                                                               850            100                  -      950       1,171            48                  -     1,219
                         Cross-currency swaps - interest and currency                             377            293               298       968        647            581               300      1,528
                         Cross-currency swaps - currency                                       36,183         69,668            21,310    127,161    28,872         70,799             23,445   123,116
                         Cash and balances with other banks                                     7,580               -                 -     7,580          -             -                  -         -
                         (1) Futures notional amounts are netted for presentation purposes.




                        186   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting (cont.)

                        The average rate for major currencies of the final exchange of cross-currency swaps designated in hedge accounting relationships is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                 Group                               Company
                                                                                                                                                             2025              2024                2025               2024
                         USD:AUD                                                                                                                            1.467              1.437               1.458              1.429
                         EUR:AUD                                                                                                                            1.578              1.538               1.576              1.579
                         GBP:AUD                                                                                                                            1.910              1.874               2.003              1.892




For personal use only
                         USD:NZD                                                                                                                            1.532              1.508                 n/a                n/a
                         CHF:NZD                                                                                                                            1.554              1.554                 n/a                n/a
                         EUR:NZD                                                                                                                            1.769              1.724                 n/a                n/a


                        The range of executed rates for interest rate swaps in hedge accounting relationships for major currencies is as follows:

                                                                                                            Group                                                                  Company
                                                                                           2025                                  2024                               2025                                2024
                                                                                 Fair value        Cash flow          Fair value        Cash flow         Fair value        Cash flow         Fair value        Cash flow
                                                                                   hedges            hedges             hedges            hedges            hedges            hedges            hedges            hedges
                                                                                          %                 %                   %                 %                 %                  %               %                   %
                         NZD interest rates                                    0.25 to 5.00       0.48 to 7.30      0.25 to 3.05        0.04 to 7.30    1.95 to 3.05                   -     1.95 to 3.05                  -
                         USD interest rates                                    0.61 to 5.70                  -       0.61 to 5.08                 -     0.61 to 2.73                   -     0.61 to 2.73                  -
                         AUD interest rates                                    1.08 to 3.19       0.21 to 7.02       0.40 to 3.19       0.15 to 7.02    1.08 to 3.19       0.21 to 7.02      0.40 to 3.19       0.15 to 7.02
                         EUR interest rates                                   (0.19) to 3.71                 -      (0.19) to 3.71                -    (0.19) to 2.61                  -   (0.19) to 2.61                  -




                                                                                                                                                                                                      2025 Annual Report   187
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting (cont.)

                        Hedged items
                        The balance of the cash flow hedge reserve, which represents the effective portion of the movements in the hedging instrument, is presented in Note 29 Reserves. The movements in
                        hedging instruments recognised in other comprehensive income are reported in the statement of other comprehensive income. As at 30 September 2025, the amounts recognised in the
                        Group’s cash flow hedge reserve for which hedge accounting is no longer applied is a loss of $1 million (2024: loss of $16 million).
                        The following table shows the carrying amount of fair value hedged items in hedge relationships, and the accumulated amount of fair value hedge adjustments in these carrying amounts. The
                        Group does not hedge its entire exposure to a class of financial instruments, therefore the carrying amounts below do not equal the total carrying amounts disclosed in other notes.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                     Group                                                                                              Company
                                                                                             2025                                              2024                                               2025                                              2024
                                                                                                          Fair value                                        Fair value                                         Fair value                                        Fair value
                                                                                   Carrying                  hedge                   Carrying                  hedge                    Carrying                  hedge                   Carrying                  hedge
                                                                                    amount             adjustments                    amount             adjustments                     amount             adjustments                    amount             adjustments
                                                                                          $m                       $m                       $m                       $m                        $m                       $m                       $m                       $m
                         Debt instruments(1)
                         Semi-government bonds, notes
                         and securities                                               35,187                         -                  27,012                         -                   32,942                          -                  27,003                         -


                         Loans and advances
                         Other term lending                                              340                      (11)                      725                      (16)                      340                      (11)                     725                      (16)


                         Bonds, notes and
                         subordinated debt
                         Medium-term notes                                            51,790                     (484)                  50,516                      (670)                  43,609                     (425)                   41,813                     (558)
                         Covered bonds(2)                                             34,888                     (145)                  25,652                      (246)                         -                        -                        -                        -
                         Subordinated medium-term notes                               16,357                   (1,605)                  13,497                    (1,667)                  15,580                   (1,627)                   13,497                   (1,667)
                         (1) The carrying amount of debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income does not disclose a fair value hedge adjustment separately as the hedged asset is measured at fair value. The accounting for the hedge relationship results
                             in a transfer from other comprehensive income to the income statement.
                         (2) The Company does not apply hedge accounting to covered bonds, however these are designated for hedge accounting purposes at the Group level.




                        188   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting (cont.)

                        Hedge ineffectiveness
                        Fair value and cash flow hedge relationships result in the following changes in value used as the basis for recognising hedge

                                                                                                                                                                            About
                        ineffectiveness for the years ended 30 September:



                                                                                                                                                                         this report
                                                                                                                                     Hedge ineffectiveness
                                                                     Change in fair value on        Change in fair value on               recognised in
                                                                      hedging instruments              hedged items                    income statement
                                                                          2025           2024            2025           2024               2025            2024
                                                                            $m            $m               $m            $m                  $m              $m
                         Group


                                                                                                                                                                         Our business
                         Fair value hedges (interest rate risk)            596           2,171           (566)         (2,205)               30                 (34)
                         Cash flow hedges (interest rate risk)             534           2,288           (533)         (2,287)                1                  1


                                                                                                                                                                            in 2025
                         Cash flow hedges (currency risk)                6,358          (4,276)         (6,347)        4,288                 11                 12
                         Fair value and cash flow hedges
                         (interest rate and currency risk)                  91             45             (91)           (45)                  -                  -
                         Total                                           7,579            228           (7,537)         (249)                42                 (21)




                                                                                                                                                                           Creating value
                         Company




For personal use only
                         Fair value hedges (interest rate risk)            463            596            (436)          (624)                27                 (28)
                         Cash flow hedges (interest rate risk)             402           2,307           (402)         (2,307)                 -                  -
                         Cash flow hedges (currency risk)                2,655          (3,417)         (2,646)        3,429                  9                 12
                         Total                                           3,520           (514)          (3,484)          498                 36                 (16)


                        The below tables present movements in the cash flow hedge reserve for each type of hedged risk.


                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate
                                                                                                                        Group                      Company
                                                                                                                     2025        2024          2025        2024
                                                                                                                      $m           $m              $m        $m
                                                                                                                                                                        Governance
                         Cash flow hedge (interest rate risk)                                                                                                            Statement
                         Cash flow hedges - gains / (losses) recognised in other comprehensive income                (215)       1,214         (327)       1,091
                         Amount reclassified from the cash flow hedge reserve to income statement                     740        1,067             730     1,217
                         Cash flow hedge (currency risk)


                                                                                                                                                                            Risk
                         Cash flow hedges - gains / (losses) recognised in other comprehensive income               6,454        (4,300)       2,645      (3,428)
                         Amount reclassified from the cash flow hedge reserve to income statement                  (6,316)       4,120        (2,562)      3,272


                                                                                                                                                                         management
                         Total cash flow hedge reserve movement                                                       663        2,101             486     2,152




                                                                                                                                                                           Report of

                                                                                                                                                                         the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                           Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                          Additional

                                                                                                                                                                         information




                                                                                                                                           2025 Annual Report     189
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 19
                        Financial risk management
                        Overview of Risk Management Framework
                        Risk includes the potential for harm and is an inherent part of the Group’s business. Managing risk effectively and making risk
                        management simple for colleagues to support customers is crucial to the Group’s success. The Risk Management Strategy (RMS)
                        articulates our Risk Management Framework (RMF) and describes our material risks and approach to managing them.
                        The RMF consists of systems, policies, processes and colleagues within the Group that manage material risks. The RMF is
                        comprehensively reviewed every three years for appropriateness, effectiveness and adequacy by an operationally independent
                        party. The Board is ultimately responsible for the RMF and oversees its operation by management. In addition, directors are
                        held accountable for their oversight responsibilities and senior executives are held accountable for the parts of the Group’s
                        operations they manage or control.
                        The Group operates a 'Three Lines of Risk Accountability' model for risk management, emphasising that all three lines are
                        accountable for managing risk, but with specific responsibilities across each line. The role of each line is:
                        •   Line 1 - Business Units and Enabling Units own risks and obligations, and the controls and mitigation strategies that help
                            manage them.
                        •   Line 2 - A functionally segregated Risk function that develops risk management frameworks and policies (requirements),
                            defines risk boundaries, provides advice and objective review and challenge regarding the effectiveness of risk management
                            within the Line 1 Business Units and Enabling Units, and executes specific risk management activities where a functional
                            segregation of duties and/or specific risk capability is required.




For personal use only
                        •   Line 3 - An independent Internal Audit function reporting to the Board monitors the end-to-end effectiveness of risk
                            management and compliance with the RMF.
                        Further risk management information for the Group is set out in Risk management overview.

                        Credit risk

                        Credit risk overview, management and control responsibilities
                        Credit risk is the potential that a counterparty or customer will fail to meet its obligations to the Group in accordance with the
                        agreed terms. Credit risk arises from both the Group’s lending activities and markets and trading activities.
                        Lending activities account for most of the Group’s credit risk, however credit risk also arises from trading assets, and other
                        financial instruments and loans, as well as in the extension of commitments and guarantees and the settlement of transactions.
                        The Group manages the levels of credit risk it undertakes by placing limits on the amount of risk accepted in relation to
                        counterparties or customers, and to geographical and industry segments. Such risks are monitored on an ongoing basis
                        including asset quality, concentrations and other leading credit risk indicators.
                        Exposure to credit risk is also managed in part, by obtaining collateral and corporate and personal guarantees. For trading and
                        markets activities, the Group further restricts its exposure to credit losses by entering into master netting arrangements for
                        derivatives, repurchase and securities lending transactions. In general, the Group does not take possession of collateral it holds
                        as security or call on other credit enhancements that would result in recognition of an asset on the balance sheet.

                        Sustainability risks
                        The Group is exposed to ESG-related and other emerging risks. The following items are examples of how these risks may impact
                        the Group:
                        •   Increases in the frequency and severity of climatic events could impact customers’ ability to service their loans or the value
                            of the collateral held to secure the loans.
                        •   Action taken by governments, regulators and society more generally, to transition to a low-carbon economy, could impact
                            the ability of some customers to generate long-term returns in a sustainable way or lead to certain assets being stranded in
                            the future.
                        •   Failure to comply with environmental and social legislation (emerging and current) may impact customers’ ability to generate
                            sustainable returns and service their loans.
                        •   If customers don’t hold appropriate levels of insurance for physical assets against certain risks, this may impact the value the
                            Group can recover in the event of certain natural disasters.
                        The Group considers these risks as part of the credit risk assessment and due diligence process before relevant customers
                        are granted credit and for new product development. The Group also manages its total credit portfolio within established risk
                        appetite and limits, particularly for specific industries or regions that are more exposed to these types of risks. In addition, the
                        Group may recognise FLAs to the provision for credit impairment for the impact of adverse climate events. There were no such
                        provisions required in the year ended 30 September 2025 (2024: $nil).

                        Maximum exposure to credit risk
                        For financial assets recognised on the balance sheet, the maximum exposure to credit risk is the carrying amount. In certain
                        circumstances, there may be differences between the carrying amounts reported on the balance sheet and the amounts
                        reported in the tables below. Principally, these differences arise in respect of financial assets that are subject to risks other
                        than credit risk, such as equity instruments which are primarily subject to market risk, or bank notes and coins.
                        For financial guarantees granted, the maximum exposure to credit risk is the maximum amount that the Group would have to
                        pay if the guarantees are called upon. For irrevocable loan commitments and other credit-related commitments, the maximum
                        exposure to credit risk is the full amount of committed facilities.



                        190   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

                        The table below shows the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk for on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet positions
                        before taking into account any collateral held or other credit enhancements.

                                                                                                           Group                        Company                     About

                                                                                                                                                                 this report
                                                                                                        2025           2024           2025           2024
                                                                                  Footnote               $m             $m             $m             $m
                         Financial assets
                         Cash and liquid assets                                       (a)              1,487          1,350          1,381           1,261
                         Due from other banks                                         (b)             91,946        110,438         86,451        105,061


                                                                                                                                                                 Our business
                         Collateral placed                                            (c)              5,763          9,633          5,267           8,929
                         Trading assets                                               (d)            144,571        133,606        132,229        120,517


                                                                                                                                                                    in 2025
                         Derivative assets                                            (d)             21,826         28,766         20,695         28,458
                         Debt instruments                                             (e)             46,947         41,999         44,702         41,983
                         Other financial assets                                       (f)                688            769            688            769
                         Gross loans and advances                                     (f)            781,095        737,630        681,974        638,629
                         Due from controlled entities                                 (g)                  -              -         55,638         51,039




                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value




For personal use only
                         Other assets                                                 (g)              5,744          6,733          5,372           5,759
                         Total                                                                     1,100,067       1,070,924     1,034,397       1,002,405
                         Bank guarantees and letters of credit                        (h)             27,596         26,597         26,561         24,860
                         Credit commitments                                           (h)            218,596        210,124        198,040        190,297
                         Total                                                                       246,192        236,721        224,601        215,157
                         Total credit risk exposure                                                1,346,259       1,307,645     1,258,998       1,217,562


                        (a) The balance of Cash and liquid assets that is exposed to credit risk is comprised primarily of bills receivable and remittances
                            in transit.                                                                                                                          Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                Governance
                        (b) The balance of Due from other banks that is exposed to credit risk is comprised of securities borrowing agreements and
                            reverse repurchase agreements, as well as balances held with central supervisory banks and other interest earning assets.
                            Securities borrowing agreements and reverse repurchase agreements are collateralised with highly liquid securities and the           Statement
                            collateral is in excess of the borrowed or loaned amount.
                            Balances held with central supervisory banks and other interest earning assets that are due from other banks are managed
                            based on the counterparty’s creditworthiness. The Group utilises master netting arrangements where possible to reduce its
                            exposure to credit risk.

                                                                                                                                                                    Risk
                        (c) The maximum exposure to credit risk from Collateral placed is the collateral placed with the counterparty before
                            consideration of any netting arrangements.


                                                                                                                                                                 management
                        (d) At any one time, the maximum exposure to credit risk from Trading assets and Derivative assets is limited to the current
                            fair value of instruments that are favourable to the Group less collateral obtained. This credit risk is managed as part of the
                            overall lending limits with customers, together with potential exposures from market movements.
                            The Group uses documentation including International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) Master Agreements to
                            document derivative activities. Under ISDA Master Agreements, if a default of a counterparty occurs, all contracts with the
                            counterparty are terminated. They are then settled on a net basis at market levels current at the time of default. The Group

                                                                                                                                                                   Report of
                            also executes Credit Support Annexes in conjunction with ISDA Master Agreements.
                            Credit risk from over-the-counter trading and hedging derivatives is mitigated where possible through netting arrangements
                            whereby derivative assets and liabilities with the same counterparty can be offset in certain circumstances. Derivatives that

                                                                                                                                                                 the Directors
                            are cleared through a central clearing counterparty or an exchange have less credit risk than over-the-counter derivatives
                            and are subject to relevant netting and collateral agreements. For these, where settled to market has been applied, the
                            unrealised or outstanding fair value of derivative assets and liabilities are settled daily through cash receipts and payments,
                            further reducing credit risk.
                            Collateral is obtained against derivative assets, depending on the creditworthiness of the counterparty and / or the nature of




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
                            the transaction.
                        (e) Debt instruments are generally comprised of government, semi-government, corporate and financial institution bonds,
                            notes and securities. The amount of collateral held against such instruments will depend on the counterparty and the nature
                            of the specific financial instrument.
                            The Group may utilise credit default swaps, guarantees provided by central banks, other forms of credit enhancements or
                            collateral to minimise the Group’s exposure to credit risk.
                        (f) Gross loans and advances and Other financial assets primarily comprise general lending and line of credit products. The
                            distinction is due to accounting classification and measurement. These lending products will generally have a significant level
                            of collateralisation depending on the nature of the product.

                                                                                                                                                                  Additional
                            Other lending to non-retail customers may be provided on an unsecured basis or secured (partially or fully) by acceptable
                            collateral defined in specific Group credit policy and business unit procedures. Collateral is generally comprised of business

                                                                                                                                                                 information
                            assets, inventories and in some cases personal assets of the borrower. The Group manages its exposure to these products
                            by completing a credit evaluation to assess the customer’s character, industry, business model and capacity to meet their
                            commitments without distress. Collateral provides a secondary source of repayment for funds advanced in the event that
                            a customer cannot meet their contractual repayment obligations. For amounts due from customers on acceptances the


                                                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report   191
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

                              Group generally has recourse to guarantees, underlying inventories or other assets in the event of default which significantly
                              mitigates the credit risk associated with accepting the customer’s credit facility with a third party.
                              Housing loans are secured against residential property as collateral and, where applicable, Lenders Mortgage Insurance (LMI)
                              is obtained by the Group (mostly in Australia) to cover any shortfall in outstanding loan principal and accrued interest. LMI
                              is generally obtained for residential mortgages with a Loan to Valuation Ratio (LVR) in excess of 80%. The financial effect of
                              these measures is that remaining credit risk on residential mortgage loans is minimal. Other retail lending products are mostly
                              unsecured (e.g., credit card outstandings and other personal lending).
                        (g) The balance of Other assets which is exposed to credit risk includes securities sold not delivered, interest receivable
                            accruals and other receivables. Interest receivable accruals are subject to the same collateral as the underlying borrowings.
                            Other receivables will mostly be unsecured. There are typically no collateral or other credit enhancements obtained in
                            respect of amounts Due from controlled entities.
                        (h) Bank guarantees and letters of credit are comprised primarily of guarantees to customers, standby or documentary letters
                            of credit and performance related contingencies. The Group will typically have recourse to specific assets pledged as
                            collateral in the event of a default by a party for which the Group has guaranteed its obligations to a third party and therefore
                            tend to carry the same credit risk as loans.
                            Credit commitments represent binding commitments to extend credit where the Group is potentially exposed to loss of an
                            amount equal to the total unused commitments. However, the likely amount of loss is generally less than the total unused
                            commitments, as most commitments to extend credit are contingent upon customers maintaining specific credit standards.
                            The Group monitors the term to maturity of credit commitments because, in general, longer-term commitments have a




For personal use only
                            greater degree of credit risk than shorter-term commitments.




                        192    National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

                        Offsetting financial assets and liabilities
                        The tables below present the amounts of financial instruments that have been offset on the balance sheet, as well as those

                                                                                                                                                                                                            About
                        amounts that are subject to enforceable master netting arrangements or similar agreements. The tables exclude financial
                        instruments that are not subject to offsetting arrangements but are instead only subject to collateral arrangements.

                                                                                                                                                                                                         this report
                        The ‘Net amounts’ presented in the tables are not intended to represent the Group’s actual exposure to credit risk. The Group
                        utilises a wide range of strategies to mitigate credit risk in addition to netting and collateral arrangements, including placing
                        limits on the amount of risk accepted in relation to counterparties, customers, groups of related counterparties or customers
                        and geographical and industry segments.
                        The amounts recognised on the balance sheet are presented in the 'Total balance sheet amount' column in the tables
                        below, and comprise the sum of the 'Net amount reported on balance sheet' and 'Amounts not subject to enforceable

                                                                                                                                                                                                         Our business
                        netting arrangements'.



                                                                                                                                                                                                            in 2025
                                                                                                                  2025
                                                                                       Subject to enforceable netting arrangements
                                                                            Amounts offset on
                                                                             balance sheet                      Amounts not offset on balance sheet
                                                                                         Net                                               Amounts
                                                                                     amount                                                     not




                                                                                                                                                                                                           Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                    reported                                              subject to                                        Total
                                                                                          on                  Non-                      enforceable                                        balance
                                                                       Gross Amount balance      Financial    cash       Cash     Net        netting                                        sheet
                                                                      amount offset    sheet Instruments collateral collateral Amount arrangements                                         amount
                         Group                                              $m         $m            $m               $m             $m            $m          $m                  $m           $m
                         Derivative assets    (1)
                                                                        26,823     (8,991)      17,832           (10,314)          (479)       (4,678)      2,361               3,994      21,826
                         Reverse repurchase agreements                117,075 (20,474)          96,601                   -      (96,601)              -           -                   -    96,601
                         Loans and advances                              4,411     (4,294)          117                  -              -             -       117            781,413      781,530
                         Total assets                                 148,309 (33,759) 114,550                   (10,314)       (97,080)       (4,678)      2,478            785,407      899,957
                         Derivative liabilities(1)                    (25,675)       8,991     (16,684)           10,113              73        5,190      (1,308)             (3,519) (20,203)          Corporate
                         Repurchase agreements                        (74,973) 20,474          (54,499)                  -       54,499               -           -                   -   (54,499)      Governance
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Statement
                         Deposits and other borrowings                (11,298)       4,294       (7,004)                 -              -             -    (7,004)          (732,287) (739,291)
                         Total liabilities                           (111,946) 33,759          (78,187)           10,113         54,572         5,190      (8,312)          (735,806) (813,993)


                         Company



                                                                                                                                                                                                            Risk
                         Derivative assets(1)                           17,140            -     17,140            (9,016)          (479)       (3,981)      3,664               3,555      20,695
                         Reverse repurchase agreements                108,116 (17,283)          90,833                   -      (90,833)              -           -                   -    90,833
                         Loans and advances                              3,765     (3,748)           17                  -              -             -         17           682,392      682,409

                                                                                                                                                                                                         management
                         Total assets                                 129,021 (21,031) 107,990                    (9,016)       (91,312)       (3,981)      3,681            685,947      793,937
                         Derivative liabilities(1)                    (16,912)            -    (16,912)            8,815              73        5,067      (2,957)             (6,393) (23,305)
                         Repurchase agreements                        (69,441) 17,283          (52,158)                  -       52,158               -           -                   -   (52,158)
                         Deposits and other borrowings                  (8,811)      3,748       (5,063)                 -              -             -    (5,063)          (654,193) (659,256)
                         Total liabilities                            (95,164) 21,031          (74,133)            8,815         52,231         5,067      (8,020)          (660,586) (734,719)

                                                                                                                                                                                                           Report of
                         (1) As at 30 September 2025, the amount offset for derivative assets includes $193 million (Company: $nil) of cash collateral netting and the amount offset for derivative
                             liabilities includes $67 million (Company: $nil) of cash collateral netting.


                                                                                                                                                                                                         the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                                           Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                         information




                                                                                                                                                                          2025 Annual Report      193
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

                                                                                                                  2024
                                                                                        Subject to enforceable netting arrangements
                                                                           Amounts offset on
                                                                            balance sheet                       Amounts not offset on balance sheet
                                                                                        Net                                                                           Amounts
                                                                                    amount                                                                                 not
                                                                                   reported                                                                          subject to             Total
                                                                                         on                  Non-                                                  enforceable             balance
                                                                      Gross Amount balance      Financial    cash       Cash                                 Net        netting             sheet
                                                                     amount offset    sheet Instruments collateral collateral                             Amount arrangements              amount
                         Group                                              $m         $m           $m                $m             $m            $m           $m                  $m          $m
                         Derivative assets    (1)
                                                                        33,021      (8,763)     24,258           (16,234)          (112)        (5,038)       2,874               4,508     28,766
                         Reverse repurchase agreements                106,934     (16,663)      90,271                  -       (90,271)             -             -                   -    90,271
                         Loans and advances                              4,910      (4,798)         112                 -              -             -          112            738,094     738,206
                         Total assets                                 144,865     (30,224)     114,641           (16,234)       (90,383)        (5,038)       2,986            742,602     857,243
                         Derivative liabilities(1)                     (35,761)      8,763      (26,998)          16,144              60        8,732        (2,062)             (5,578) (32,576)
                         Repurchase agreements                         (74,444)    16,663       (57,781)                -        57,781              -             -                   -   (57,781)
                         Deposits and other borrowings                  (9,257)      4,798       (4,459)                -              -             -       (4,459)          (709,919) (714,378)




For personal use only
                         Total liabilities                            (119,462)    30,224       (89,238)          16,144         57,841         8,732        (6,521)          (715,497) (804,735)


                         Company
                         Derivative assets(1)                           23,924            -     23,924           (14,487)          (112)        (4,072)       5,253               4,534     28,458
                         Reverse repurchase agreements                101,320     (15,384)      85,936                  -       (85,936)             -             -                   -    85,936
                         Loans and advances                              4,347      (4,324)          23                 -              -             -           23            639,182     639,205
                         Total assets                                 129,591     (19,708)     109,883           (14,487)       (86,048)        (4,072)       5,276            643,716     753,599
                         Derivative liabilities(1)                     (26,714)           -     (26,714)          14,409              60        8,388        (3,857)             (6,299) (33,013)
                         Repurchase agreements                         (69,977)    15,384       (54,593)                -        54,593              -             -                   -   (54,593)
                         Deposits and other borrowings                  (6,638)      4,324       (2,314)                -              -             -       (2,314)          (634,251) (636,565)
                         Total liabilities                            (103,329)    19,708       (83,621)          14,409         54,653         8,388        (6,171)          (640,550) (724,171)
                         (1) As at 30 September 2024, the amount offset for derivative assets includes $419 million (Company: $nil) of cash collateral netting and the amount offset for derivative
                             liabilities includes $77 million (Company: $nil) of cash collateral netting.


                        Derivative assets and derivative liabilities
                        Derivative assets and derivative liabilities are only offset on the balance sheet where the Group has a legally enforceable right
                        to offset in all circumstances and there is an intention to settle the asset and liability on a net basis, or to realise the asset and
                        settle the liability simultaneously. The Group has applied offsetting to certain centrally cleared derivatives and their associated
                        collateral amounts which satisfy the AASB 132 Financial Instruments: Presentation requirements. For centrally cleared derivatives
                        subject to settled-to-market arrangements, the unrealised fair values are settled daily through cash receipts and payments.

                        Reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements
                        Reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements will typically be subject to Global Master Repurchase Agreements or similar
                        agreements whereby all outstanding transactions with the same counterparty can only be offset and closed out upon a default
                        or insolvency event. In some instances, the agreement provides the Group with a legally enforceable right to offset in all
                        circumstances. In such a case and where there is an intention to settle the asset and liability on a net basis, or to realise the
                        asset and settle the liability simultaneously, the amounts with that counterparty are offset on the balance sheet.
                        Where the Group has a right to offset on default or insolvency only, the related non-cash collateral amounts comprise highly
                        liquid securities, either obtained or pledged, which can be realised in the event of a default or insolvency by one of the
                        counterparties. The value of such securities obtained or pledged must at least equate to the value of the exposure to the
                        counterparty, therefore the net exposure is considered to be nil.

                        Loans and advances, deposits and other borrowings
                        The amounts offset for loans and advances and deposits and other borrowings represent amounts subject to set-off
                        agreements that satisfy the AASB 132 requirements. The 'Net amounts reported on balance sheet' are included within ‘Overdrafts’
                        in Note 12 Loans and advances and ‘On-demand and short-term deposits’ and ‘Deposits not bearing interest’ in Note 13 Deposits
                        and other borrowings. The 'Amounts not subject to enforceable netting arrangements' represent all other loans and advances
                        and deposits and other borrowings of the Group, including those measured at fair value.




                        194   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

                        Credit risk exposure by risk grade
                        The following tables show the credit quality of credit risk exposures to which the expected credit loss model is applied, for both

                                                                                                                                                                                                                About
                        recognised and unrecognised financial assets, based on the following risk grades:
                        •     Senior investment grade: broadly corresponds with Standard & Poor’s ratings of AAA to A- (internal rating 1 to 6(1)).

                                                                                                                                                                                                             this report
                        •     Investment grade: broadly corresponds with Standard & Poor’s ratings of BBB+ to BBB- (internal rating 7 to 11(1)).
                        •     Sub-investment grade: broadly corresponds with Standard & Poor’s ratings of BB+ to CCC- (internal rating 12 to 23).
                        •     Default: broadly corresponds with Standard & Poor’s rating of D (internal rating 98 and 99).
                        Stage allocations (Stage 1 and Stage 2) for credit risk exposures incorporate the impact of forward-looking economic
                        information applied in the expected credit loss model. Refer to the Accounting policy section of Note 17 Provision for credit

                                                                                                                                                                                                             Our business
                        impairment for further details.



                                                                                                                                                                                                                in 2025
                                                                                Stage 1                           Stage 2                          Stage 3                            Total
                                                                              Performing                       Performing                     Non-performing
                                                                             2025           2024              2025            2024              2025           2024              2025            2024
                            Group                                              $m              $m               $m              $m                $m              $m               $m              $m
                            Gross loans and advances




                                                                                                                                                                                                               Creating value




For personal use only
                            Senior investment grade                      142,029         136,091                971             434                 -               -        143,000          136,525
                            Investment grade                             304,072         288,298            16,940          18,541                  -               -        321,012          306,839
                            Sub-investment grade                         161,850         146,773          143,555          137,653                  -               -        305,405          284,426
                            Default                                              -               -                 -               -         11,678            9,840           11,678            9,840
                            Total gross loans and
                            advances at amortised cost                   607,951         571,162          161,466          156,628           11,678            9,840         781,095          737,630
                            Guarantees and credit-
                            related commitments

                                                                                                                                                                                                             Corporate
                            Senior investment grade                      100,599           90,818            1,401            1,033                 -               -        102,000           91,851
                            Investment grade                              77,715           82,754            7,075            7,503                 -               -          84,790          90,257
                            Sub-investment grade                          28,392           27,764           30,594          26,459                  -               -          58,986          54,223       Governance
                            Default                                              -               -                 -               -             416             390               416             390       Statement
                            Total guarantees and credit-
                            related commitments                          206,706         201,336            39,070          34,995               416             390         246,192          236,721
                            Total loans and advances
                            at amortised cost,


                                                                                                                                                                                                                Risk
                            guarantees and credit-
                            related commitments                          814,657         772,498          200,536          191,623           12,094           10,230       1,027,287          974,351



                                                                                                                                                                                                             management
                            Debt instruments
                            Senior investment grade                       46,947           41,999                  -               -                -               -          46,947          41,999
                            Total debt instruments                        46,947           41,999                  -               -                -               -          46,947          41,999




                                                                                                                                                                                                               Report of

                                                                                                                                                                                                             the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                                               Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                                              Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                             information
                            (1) September 2025 Senior investment grade and Investment grade have been revised to align with the Probability of default (PD) bandings in the revised Pillar 3. Credit risk
                                grades prior to September 2025: Senior investment grade (internal rating 1 to 5) and Investment grade (internal rating 6 to 11).


                                                                                                                                                                             2025 Annual Report       195
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

                                                                 Stage 1                  Stage 2                  Stage 3                    Total
                                                               Performing               Performing             Non-performing
                                                              2025          2024       2025          2024        2025        2024         2025          2024
                         Company                                $m           $m          $m           $m          $m          $m            $m           $m
                         Gross loans and advances
                         Senior investment grade            99,628         97,682       780           379           -            -     100,408         98,061
                         Investment grade                  283,425      270,869       12,097        13,163          -            -     295,522        284,032
                         Sub-investment grade              149,893      130,007     125,651      117,736            -            -     275,544        247,743
                         Default                                  -             -          -             -     10,500        8,793      10,500          8,793
                         Total gross loans and
                         advances at amortised cost        532,946      498,558     138,528      131,278       10,500        8,793     681,974        638,629
                         Guarantees and credit-
                         related commitments
                         Senior investment grade            92,664         84,903      1,284          978           -            -      93,948         85,881
                         Investment grade                   72,841         76,081      5,058         5,295          -            -      77,899         81,376
                         Sub-investment grade               25,905         25,151     26,451        22,364          -            -      52,356         47,515
                         Default                                  -             -          -             -        398         385          398           385




For personal use only
                         Total guarantees and credit-
                         related commitments               191,410      186,135       32,793        28,637        398         385      224,601        215,157
                         Total loans and advances
                         at amortised cost,
                         guarantees and credit-
                         related commitments               724,356      684,693     171,321      159,915       10,898        9,178     906,575        853,786


                         Debt instruments
                         Senior investment grade            44,702         41,983          -             -          -            -      44,702         41,983
                         Total debt instruments             44,702         41,983          -             -          -            -      44,702         41,983


                        Concentration of exposure
                        Concentration of credit risk exists when a number of counterparties are engaged in similar activities, or operate in the same
                        geographical areas or industry sectors and have similar economic characteristics so that their ability to meet contractual
                        obligations is similarly affected by changes in economic, political or other conditions.
                        The diversification and size of the Group is such that its lending is widely spread both geographically and in terms of the types of
                        industries it serves.




                        196   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

                        Industry concentration

                                                                                                                                            Contingent
                                                                                                                                                                                             About
                                                                           Net loans                        Other
                                                                                                                                          liabilities and
                                                                         and advances(1)              financial assets(2)
                                                                                                                                       credit commitments            Total

                                                                                                                                                                                          this report
                                                                          2025           2024            2025          2024               2025       2024        2025          2024
                                                                            $m             $m              $m            $m                $m          $m          $m           $m
                         Group
                         Accommodation and hospitality                  12,302         10,795                -              -            2,464       2,181     14,766         12,976
                         Agriculture, forestry, fishing


                                                                                                                                                                                          Our business
                         and mining                                     60,001         58,807                -              -           13,424      13,234     73,425         72,041
                         Business services and
                         property services                              19,502         19,682                -              -            8,148       9,714     27,650         29,396

                                                                                                                                                                                             in 2025
                         Commercial property                            79,775         73,828                -              -           18,878      14,462     98,653         88,290
                         Construction                                    9,966          9,315                -              -            8,520       7,753     18,486         17,068
                         Financial and insurance                        49,927         45,407        103,039        126,377             49,297      46,373    202,263        218,157
                         Government and
                         public authorities                                 976         1,116         39,960          32,899             1,326       2,870     42,262         36,885




                                                                                                                                                                                            Creating value




For personal use only
                         Manufacturing                                  14,470         13,733                -              -            8,456       8,052     22,926         21,785
                         Personal                                       11,582         11,374                -              -           21,499      21,185     33,081         32,559
                         Residential mortgages                         435,350        415,303           1,651          2,767            64,942      65,437    501,943        483,507
                         Retail and wholesale trade                     24,643         22,410                -              -           12,963      12,938     37,606         35,348
                         Transport and storage                          14,423         14,747                -              -            9,996       9,843     24,419         24,590
                         Utilities                                      14,822         12,097                -              -           16,533      10,005     31,355         22,102
                         Other                                          27,626         23,671                6            27             9,746      12,674     37,378         36,372

                                                                                                                                                                                          Corporate
                         Total                                         775,365        732,285        144,656        162,070            246,192     236,721   1,166,213   1,131,076


                         Company                                                                                                                                                         Governance
                         Accommodation and hospitality                  10,876          9,461                -              -            2,264       2,017     13,140         11,478      Statement
                         Agriculture, forestry, fishing
                         & mining                                       46,437         44,343                -              -           11,474      11,311     57,911         55,654
                         Business services and
                         property services                              17,856         18,104                -              -            7,101       8,910     24,957         27,014


                                                                                                                                                                                             Risk
                         Commercial property                            72,511         66,658                -              -           17,830      13,406     90,341         80,064
                         Construction                                    8,514          7,871                -              -            7,450       6,702     15,964         14,573


                                                                                                                                                                                          management
                         Financial & insurance                          47,285         42,847         96,988        120,447             47,888      44,888    192,161        208,182
                         Government & public authorities                    970         1,113         37,776          32,740               805       2,191     39,551         36,044
                         Manufacturing                                  11,378         10,616                -              -            6,287       5,816     17,665         16,432
                         Personal                                       10,852         10,598                -              -           19,604      19,162     30,456         29,760
                         Residential mortgages                         379,019        359,901           1,651          2,759            60,988      61,156    441,658        423,816


                                                                                                                                                                                            Report of
                         Retail and wholesale trade                     20,463         18,059                -              -           10,971      10,975     31,434         29,034
                         Transport and storage                          12,620         12,907                -              -            8,996       8,371     21,616         21,278


                                                                                                                                                                                          the Directors
                         Utilities                                      13,098         10,638                -              -           14,498       8,965     27,596         19,603
                         Other                                          25,256         21,124                5            27             8,445      11,287     33,706         32,438
                         Total                                         677,135        634,240        136,420        155,973            224,601     215,157   1,038,156   1,005,370
                         (1) Net loans and advances includes loans at fair value.
                         (2) Other financial assets represents amounts due from other banks, debt instruments and collateral placed.




                                                                                                                                                                                            Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                           Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                          information




                                                                                                                                                             2025 Annual Report    197
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

                        Geographic concentration of financial assets

                                                                                Australia                          New Zealand                   Other International
                                                                              2025              2024              2025            2024              2025            2024
                                                                                $m               $m                 $m              $m                $m               $m
                         Group
                         Cash and liquid assets                              1,388              1,240                 -               -               99               110
                         Due from other banks                               64,135             84,039             5,287           5,216           22,524           21,183
                         Collateral placed                                   5,085              8,518               466             679              212               436
                         Trading assets                                     69,737             70,065             6,778           8,808           68,056           54,733
                         Derivative assets                                  15,460             21,806             2,179           2,151            4,187            4,809
                         Debt instruments                                   37,898             34,037             2,245               9            6,804            7,953
                         Other financial assets                                688               769                  -               -                 -                -
                         Loans and advances                                652,748          613,248              97,556          97,473           25,822           21,971
                         Other assets                                        4,733              5,541             1,144           1,664              838            1,135
                         Total                                             851,872          839,263            115,655          116,000          128,542          112,330




For personal use only
                         Company
                         Cash and liquid assets                              1,374              1,228                 -               -                 7               33
                         Due from other banks                               64,135             84,039                 -               -           22,316           21,022
                         Collateral placed                                   5,067              8,506                 -               -              200               423
                         Trading assets                                     69,734             70,063                 -               -           62,495           50,454
                         Derivative assets                                  16,430             23,498                 -               -            4,265            4,960
                         Debt instruments                                   37,898             34,038                 -               -            6,804            7,945
                         Other financial assets                                688               769                  -               -                 -                -
                         Loans and advances                                652,404          612,805                   -               -           25,148           21,541
                         Other assets                                        4,800              5,850                 -               -              714               863
                         Total                                             852,530          840,796                   -               -          121,949          107,241


                        Market risk

                        Market risk overview and management
                        Market risk primarily stems from the Group’s trading and balance sheet management activities, the impact of changes and
                        correlation between interest rates, foreign exchange rates, credit spreads and volatility in bond, commodity or equity prices.
                        Market risk is represented by the below two categories:

                         Traded Market Risk                                                        Non-Traded Market Risk
                         Traded Market Risk is the potential for gains or losses to arise          The Group has exposure to non-traded market risk, primarily
                         from trading activities undertaken by the Group as a result of            Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book (IRRBB). IRRBB is the risk
                         movements in market prices. The trading activities of the Group           that the Group’s earnings or economic value will be affected or
                         are principally carried out by Corporate and Institutional Banking.       reduced by changes in interest rates. The sources of IRRBB are
                         Trading activities represent dealings that encompass both                 as follows:
                         active management of market risk and supporting client sales              •    Repricing risk, arising from changes to the overall level of
                         businesses. The types of market risk arising from these activities             interest rates and inherent mismatches in the repricing term
                         include interest rate, foreign exchange, commodity, equity price,              of banking book items.
                         credit spread and volatility risk.                                        •    Yield curve risk, arising from a change in the relative level of
                                                                                                        interest rates for different tenors and changes in the slope or
                                                                                                        shape of the yield curve.
                                                                                                   •    Basis risk, arising from differences between the actual and
                                                                                                        expected interest margins on banking book items over the
                                                                                                        implied cost of funds of those items.
                                                                                                   •    Optionality risk, arising from the existence of stand-alone or
                                                                                                        embedded options in banking book items, to the extent that
                                                                                                        the potential for those losses is not included in the above risks.


                        Measurement of market risk
                        The Group primarily manages and controls market risk using Value at Risk (VaR), which is a standard measure used throughout the
                        industry. VaR gauges the Group’s possible loss for the holding period based on historical market movements. VaR is measured
                        at a 99% confidence interval. This means that there is a 99% chance that the loss will not exceed the VaR estimate during the
                        holding period.
                        The Group employs other risk measures to supplement VaR, with appropriate limits to manage and control risks, and
                        communicate the specific nature of market exposures to management, the Board Risk & Compliance Committee and ultimately
                        the Board. These supplementary measures include stress testing, stop loss, position and sensitivity limits.


                        198   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

                        Traded market risk
                        The VaR methodology involves multiple revaluations of the trading books using 550 days of historical pricing shifts. The pricing data is rolled daily.
                        The use of VaR methodology has limitations, which include:
                        •    The historical data used to calculate VaR is not always an appropriate proxy for current market conditions. If market volatility or correlation conditions change significantly, losses may
                             occur more frequently and to a greater magnitude than the VaR measure suggests.
                        •    VaR methodology assumes that positions are held for one day and may underestimate losses on positions that cannot be hedged or reversed inside that timeframe.




For personal use only
                        •    VaR is calculated on positions at the close of each trading day and does not measure risk on intra-day positions.
                        •    VaR does not describe the directional bias or size of the positions generating the risk.
                        The table below shows the Group and Company VaR for the trading portfolio, including both physical and derivative positions:

                                                                                                      Group                                                                        Company
                                                                      As at                                                    Maximum               As at                                                       Maximum
                                                                  30 September        Average value       Minimum value         value            30 September       Average value         Minimum value           value
                                                                  2025      2024      2025      2024          2025   2024     2025     2024      2025     2024       2025        2024     2025     2024         2025      2024
                                                                    $m       $m         $m       $m            $m       $m     $m       $m        $m        $m        $m          $m         $m     $m           $m        $m
                            Value at Risk at a 99%
                            confidence level
                               Foreign exchange risk                1.8       3.5       2.6      3.0           1.0      1.0    5.0       7.3       1.7      3.4        2.5        2.7        1.0    0.9          4.9           7.1
                               Interest rate risk                   5.9       6.9       6.2      7.3           3.7      4.7   13.8     14.7        5.7      8.1        5.8        6.8        3.7    4.7         12.3       11.5
                               Volatility risk                      0.6       1.0       0.9      1.1           0.5      0.7    1.5       1.9       0.6      1.0        0.9        1.1        0.5    0.7          1.5           1.9
                               Commodities risk                     0.3       0.6       0.5      1.1           0.2      0.5    1.4       2.5       0.3      0.6        0.5        1.1        0.2    0.5          1.4           2.5
                               Credit risk                          3.7       2.5       2.3      1.7           1.4      0.9    3.7       2.7       3.5      1.8        2.1        1.6        1.3    0.8          3.5           2.5
                               Inflation risk                       0.7       1.7       1.0      1.7           0.6      1.4    1.9       2.3       0.7      1.7        1.0        1.7        0.6    1.4          1.8           2.3
                               Diversification benefit             (6.9)     (7.8)     (6.1)     (6.5)         n/a    n/a      n/a      n/a       (6.5)     (6.7)     (6.0)       (6.3)      n/a    n/a          n/a       n/a
                            Total Diversified VaR at 99%
                            confidence interval                     6.1       8.4       7.4      9.4           5.1      6.7   15.7     16.8        6.0      9.9        6.8        8.7        4.4    6.4         14.4       13.7
                               Other market risks                   2.9       1.9       2.4      2.3           0.9      1.5    5.1       3.1       2.9      1.9        2.4        2.3        0.9    1.5          5.1           3.1
                            Total                                   9.0      10.3       9.8     11.7           6.0      8.2   20.8     19.9        8.9     11.8        9.2       11.0        5.3    7.9         19.5       16.8




                                                                                                                                                                                                          2025 Annual Report     199
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

                        Non-traded market risk - Balance sheet risk management
                        The principal objective of balance sheet risk management is to maintain acceptable levels of interest rate and liquidity risk to mitigate the negative impact of movements in interest rates on
                        the earnings and market value of the Group’s banking book, while ensuring the Group maintains sufficient liquidity to meet its obligations as they fall due.

                        Non-traded market risk – Interest rate risk management
                        IRRBB is measured, monitored, and managed from both an internal management and regulatory perspective. The RMF incorporates both market valuation and earnings based approaches in
                        accordance with the IRRBB Policy and Prudential Practice Guides. Risk measurement techniques include VaR, Earnings at Risk (EaR), interest rate risk stress testing, repricing analysis, cash




For personal use only
                        flow analysis and scenario analysis. The IRRBB regulatory capital calculation incorporates repricing, yield curve, basis, and optionality risk, embedded gains / losses and any inter-risk and / or
                        inter-currency diversification. The Group has been accredited by APRA to use its internal model for the measurement of IRRBB.
                        Key features of the internal interest rate risk management model include:
                        •    Historical simulation approach utilising instantaneous interest rate shocks
                        •    Static balance sheet (i.e. any new business is assumed to be matched, hedged or subject to immediate repricing)
                        •    VaR and EaR are measured on a consistent basis
                        •    99% confidence level
                        •    Three month holding period
                        •    EaR utilises a 12 month forecast period
                        •    At least six years of business day historical data (updated daily)
                        •    Investment term for capital is modelled with an established benchmark term of between one and five years
                        •    Investment term for core non-interest bearing assets and liabilities is modelled on a behavioural basis with a term that is consistent with sound statistical analysis.
                        The following table shows the Group and the Company aggregate VaR and EaR for the IRRBB:

                                                                                                          Group                                                                                              Company
                                                                 As at                                                                                                      As at
                                                             30 September               Average value             Minimum value              Maximum value              30 September             Average value       Minimum value    Maximum value
                                                             2025         2024          2025        2024           2025        2024           2025        2024           2025        2024        2025     2024       2025     2024    2025     2024
                                                               $m           $m            $m           $m            $m          $m             $m          $m             $m             $m       $m       $m          $m     $m       $m      $m
                            Value at Risk
                            Australia                        537.2       461.7          496.7       433.9          441.5       373.6         537.2        461.7         537.2        461.7       496.7    433.9      441.5    373.6   537.2    461.7
                            New Zealand                       65.3         50.6          57.9         46.6          50.3         35.0          65.3         55.7              -             -        -           -        -      -        -       -
                            Other International               13.3         17.5          13.8         25.5           9.9         16.5          22.0         38.5          12.6            17.4    13.5     25.4         9.2    16.5    21.7     38.4
                            Earnings at Risk(1)
                            Australia                         59.4         73.2          63.4         71.9          51.3         55.8        103.5          96.8          59.4            73.2    63.4     71.9        51.3    55.8   103.5     96.8
                            New Zealand                       12.1         12.0          10.2         10.6           7.1          6.4          13.3         18.1              -             -        -           -        -      -        -       -
                            Other International                0.8          0.2           0.5          0.2           0.3            -           0.8          0.3              -             -        -           -        -      -        -       -
                            (1) EaR amounts calculated under the IRRBB model include Australian banking and other overseas banking subsidiary books, however exclude offshore branches.


                        Residual value risk
                        As part of its normal lending activities, the Group takes residual value risk on assets such as industrial, mining, rail, aircraft, marine, technology, healthcare and other equipment. This exposes
                        the Group to a potential fall in prices of these assets below the outstanding residual exposure at the facility expiry.


                        200     National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

                        Liquidity risk and funding mix

                        Liquidity risk
                        Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is unable to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. These obligations include the             About
                        repayment of deposits on demand or at their contractual maturity, the repayment of wholesale borrowings and loan capital as
                        they mature and the payment of interest on borrowings.                                                                                         this report
                        These risks are governed by the Group’s funding and liquidity risk appetite which is set by the Board. Group Treasury is
                        responsible for the management of these risks. Objective review and challenge of the effectiveness of risk management is
                        provided by Group Balance Sheet and Liquidity Risk Management with oversight by the Group Asset and Liability Committee. The
                        Board has the ultimate responsibility to monitor and review the adequacy of the Group’s funding and liquidity RMF and the Group’s


                                                                                                                                                                       Our business
                        compliance with risk appetite.
                        Key principles adopted in the Group’s approach to managing liquidity risk include:


                                                                                                                                                                          in 2025
                        •    Monitoring the Group’s liquidity position on a daily basis, using a combination of contractual and behavioural modelling of
                             balance sheet and cash flow information
                        •    Maintaining a HQLA portfolio which supports intra-day operations and may be sold in times of market stress
                        •    Operating a prudent funding strategy which ensures appropriate diversification and limits maturity concentrations. The Group
                             undertakes a conservative approach by imposing internal limits that are in addition to regulatory requirements




                                                                                                                                                                         Creating value
                        •    Maintaining a Contingent Funding Plan designed to respond to an accelerated outflow of funds from the Group




For personal use only
                        •    Requiring the Group to have the ability to meet a range of survival horizon scenarios, including name-specific and general
                             liquidity stress scenarios
                        The Group maintained funding and liquidity metrics well above regulatory minimums throughout the 2025 financial year.
                        The liquid asset portfolio held as part of these principles is well diversified by currency, counterparty and product type with the
                        mix consistent with the liquidity risks of the Group. The composition of the portfolio includes cash, government securities and
                        highly rated investment grade paper. The market value of total on-balance sheet liquid assets held as at 30 September 2025 was
                        $220,042 million (2024: $224,612 million). The Group also holds Internal RMBS as a source of contingent liquidity. This is repo-eligible
                                                                                                                                                                       Corporate
                        collateral that could be deployed to access Exceptional Liquidity Assistance (ELA) from the RBA. NAB's Internal RMBS levels also
                        meet APRA's expectations with levels well above their guidance of a minimum 30% of the Group's AUD net cash outflows. As at
                        30 September 2025, the cash value of unencumbered Internal RMBS held and available was $83,953 million (2024: $99,404 million).               Governance
                        Funding mix                                                                                                                                    Statement
                        The Group’s funding comprises of a mix of deposits, term wholesale funding, short-term wholesale funding and equity. The Group
                        manages this within risk appetite settings to ensure suitable funding of its asset base and to enable it to respond to changing
                        market conditions and regulatory requirements.


                                                                                                                                                                          Risk
                        The Group maintains a strong focus on stable deposits both from a growth and quality perspective and continues to utilise
                        deposits as a key funding source for assets.
                        The Group supplements deposit-raising via its term funding programmes, raising $36,258 million(1) of term wholesale funding in the

                                                                                                                                                                       management
                        2025 financial year (2024: $37,493 million(1)). The weighted average maturity of term wholesale funding issued by the Group was
                        5.0(1) years to first call (2024: 5.0(1) years). In addition, during the 2025 financial year, the Group continued to access international
                        and domestic short-term wholesale markets.

                        Contractual maturity of assets and liabilities


                                                                                                                                                                         Report of
                        The following tables show an analysis of contractual maturities of assets and liabilities at the reporting date. The Group expects
                        that certain assets and liabilities will be recovered or settled at maturities which are different to their contractual maturities,
                        including deposits where the Group expects as part of normal banking operations that a large proportion of these balances will

                                                                                                                                                                       the Directors
                        roll over.




                                                                                                                                                                         Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                        Additional

                                                                                                                                                                       information

                            (1) Excludes AT1 Capital, Residential Mortgage Backed Securities (RMBS) and FLP.


                                                                                                                                           2025 Annual Report   201
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

                                                                                                         Greater than
                                                                   Less than 12 months                    12 months                No specific maturity              Total
                                                                        2025             2024            2025           2024          2025         2024           2025         2024
                                                                          $m               $m              $m                $m         $m           $m             $m          $m
                         Group
                         Assets
                         Cash and liquid assets                         2,604            2,499                -                -          -               -      2,604         2,499
                         Due from other banks                         91,851          110,248               95               190          -               -     91,946       110,438
                         Collateral placed                              5,763            9,633                -                -          -               -      5,763         9,633
                         Trading assets                              103,991           96,961          39,631         36,645            949               -    144,571       133,606
                         Derivative assets                                340               62          1,870           1,945        19,616       26,759        21,826        28,766
                         Debt instruments                               6,231            5,226         40,716         36,773              -               -     46,947        41,999
                         Other financial assets                           482              293             206               476          -               -        688          769
                         Loans and advances                          162,710          150,969        603,373         572,268         10,043        9,455       776,126       732,692
                         All other assets                               6,441            7,624                -                -     12,150       12,222        18,591        19,846
                         Total assets                                380,413          383,515        685,891         648,297         42,758       48,436      1,109,062   1,080,248




For personal use only
                         Liabilities
                         Due to other banks                           12,215           10,788              154          1,540             -               -     12,369        12,328
                         Collateral received                            4,819            5,151                -                -          -               -      4,819         5,151
                         Other financial liabilities                  58,383           60,261          12,081         10,011              -               -     70,464        70,272
                         Deposits and
                         other borrowings                            683,343          650,126          52,816         62,440              -               -    736,159       712,566
                         Derivative liabilities                           508            1,470          1,491           4,080        18,204       27,026        20,203        32,576
                         Bonds, notes and
                         subordinated debt                            40,202           28,847        134,105         127,447              -               -    174,307       156,294
                         Debt issued                                         -               -                -                -      8,972        9,560         8,972         9,560
                         Lease liabilities(1)                             310              307          1,604           1,765             -               -      1,914         2,072
                         All other liabilities  (1)
                                                                      11,359           12,304           2,040           2,299         2,809        2,613        16,208        17,216
                         Total liabilities                           811,139          769,254        204,291         209,582         29,985       39,199      1,045,415   1,018,035
                         Net (liabilities) / assets                 (430,726)        (385,739)       481,600         438,715         12,773        9,237        63,647        62,213


                         Company
                         Assets
                         Cash and liquid assets                         2,407            2,318                -                -          -               -      2,407         2,318
                         Due from other banks                         86,359          104,873               92               188          -               -     86,451       105,061
                         Collateral placed                              5,267            8,929                -                -          -               -      5,267         8,929
                         Trading assets                               96,545           90,222          34,735         30,295            949               -    132,229       120,517
                         Derivative assets                                544              147             785          1,150        19,366       27,161        20,695        28,458
                         Debt instruments                               6,186            5,219         38,516         36,764              -               -     44,702        41,983
                         Other financial assets                           482              293             206               476          -               -        688          769
                         Loans and advances                          134,439          124,015        533,738         501,606          9,375        8,725       677,552       634,346
                         All other assets                               5,459            5,710             484               506     73,983       70,491        79,926        76,707
                         Total assets                                337,688          341,726        608,556         570,985        103,673      106,377      1,049,917   1,019,088
                         Liabilities
                         Due to other banks                             9,130            7,713             109               196          -               -      9,239         7,909
                         Collateral received                            4,081            4,180                -                -          -               -      4,081         4,180
                         Other financial liabilities                  54,217           56,396           8,227           6,440             -               -     62,444        62,836
                         Deposits and
                         other borrowings                            609,563          576,550          49,693         60,015              -               -    659,256       636,565
                         Derivative liabilities                           276              935             992          2,400        22,037       29,678        23,305        33,013
                         Bonds, notes and
                         subordinated debt                            38,572           27,515        118,840         113,041              -               -    157,412       140,556
                         Debt issued                                         -               -                -                -      8,972        9,560         8,972         9,560
                         Lease liabilities(1)                             282              276          1,138           1,333             -               -      1,420         1,609
                         All other liabilities(1)                     10,159           10,747           1,510           1,284        53,393       53,504        65,062        65,535
                         Total liabilities                           726,280          684,312        180,509         184,709         84,402       92,742       991,191       961,763
                         Net (liabilities) / assets                 (388,592)        (342,586)       428,047         386,276         19,271       13,635        58,726        57,325
                         (1) Comparative information has been restated to align to the presentation in the current period.




                        202   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 20
                        Fair value of financial instruments

                          Accounting policy
                          Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between                  About
                          market participants at the measurement date. Where the classification of a financial asset or liability results in it being
                          measured at fair value, wherever possible, the fair value is determined with reference to the quoted bid or offer price in                      this report
                          the most advantageous active market to which the Group has immediate access. An adjustment for credit risk (CVA) is also
                          incorporated into the fair value as appropriate as well as an adjustment for funding costs (FVA) related to uncollateralised
                          over-the-counter derivatives. The fair value measurement technique of each class of instrument is described below.

                           Instrument                 Fair value measurement technique

                                                                                                                                                                          Our business
                           Loans and advances         The fair value of loans and advances that are priced based on a variable rate with no contractual
                                                      repricing tenor is assumed to equate to the carrying value. The fair value of all other loans and


                                                                                                                                                                             in 2025
                                                      advances is calculated using discounted cash flow models based on the maturity of the loans and
                                                      advances. The discount rates applied are based on interest rates at the reporting date for similar
                                                      types of loans and advances, if the loans and advances were performing at the reporting date.
                           Deposits and               The fair value of deposits and other borrowings that are non-interest bearing or at call, is assumed to
                           other borrowings           equate to the carrying value. The fair value of other deposits and other borrowings is calculated using
                                                      discounted cash flow models based on the deposit type and maturity.
                           Bonds, notes and           The fair values of bonds, notes and subordinated debt and debt issued are calculated based on




                                                                                                                                                                            Creating value




For personal use only
                           subordinated debt          a discounted cash flow model using a yield curve appropriate to the remaining maturity of the
                           and debt issued            instruments and appropriate credit spreads, or in some instances are calculated based on market
                                                      quoted prices when there is sufficient liquidity in the market.
                           Derivatives                The fair values of trading and hedging derivative assets and liabilities are obtained from quoted
                                                      closing market prices at the reporting date, discounted cash flow models or option pricing models
                                                      as appropriate.
                           Trading assets and         The fair values of trading assets and debt instruments are based on quoted closing market prices
                           debt instruments           at the reporting date. Where securities are unlisted and quoted market prices are not available, the
                                                      Group obtains the fair value by means of discounted cash flows and other valuation techniques that
                                                      are commonly used by market participants. These techniques address factors such as interest rates,
                                                                                                                                                                          Corporate
                                                      credit risk and liquidity.
                           Equity instruments         The fair value of equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income is estimated on
                                                      the basis of the actual and forecasted financial position and results of the underlying assets or net              Governance
                                                      assets taking into consideration their risk profile.
                           Other financial assets     The fair values of other financial assets and liabilities are based on quoted closing market prices and             Statement
                           and liabilities            data or valuation techniques, appropriate to the nature and type of the underlying instrument.
                           Due to controlled          Includes reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements that are classified as held for
                           entities and due from      trading and measured at fair value through profit and loss. The fair values are based on a discounted
                           controlled entities        cash flow model using an appropriate yield curve.


                          The carrying amounts of cash and liquid assets, due from and to other banks, other assets, other liabilities and amounts                           Risk
                          due from and to controlled entities, approximate their fair value as they are short-term in nature or are receivable or

                                                                                                                                                                          management
                          payable on demand.
                          Guarantees, letters of credit, performance related contingencies and credit related commitments are generally not sold
                          or traded and estimated fair values are not readily ascertainable. The fair value of these items are not calculated, as very
                          few of the commitments extending beyond six months would commit the Group to a predetermined rate of interest, and
                          the fees attaching to these commitments are the same as those currently charged for similar arrangements.


                                                                                                                                                                            Report of
                          Fair value for a net open position is the offer price for a financial liability and the bid price for a financial asset, multiplied by
                          the number of units of the instrument issued or held.


                                                                                                                                                                          the Directors
                          Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are deemed to have occurred at the beginning of the reporting period
                          in which the transfer occurs.

                          Critical accounting judgements and estimates
                          A significant portion of financial instruments are carried on the balance sheet at fair value.




                                                                                                                                                                            Financial report
                          Where no active market exists for a particular asset or liability, the Group uses a valuation technique to arrive at the fair
                          value, including the use of transaction prices obtained in recent arm’s length transactions, discounted cash flow analysis,
                          option pricing models and other valuation techniques, based on market conditions and risks existing at the reporting date.
                          In doing so, fair value is estimated using a valuation technique that makes maximum use of observable market inputs and
                          places minimal reliance upon entity-specific inputs.
                          The best evidence of the fair value of a financial instrument at initial recognition is the transaction price (i.e. the fair value
                          of the consideration given or received) unless the fair value of that instrument is evidenced by comparison with other
                          observable current market transactions in the same instrument (i.e. without modification or repackaging) or based on a
                          valuation technique whose variables include only data from observable markets. When such evidence exists, the Group
                          recognises the difference between the transaction price and the fair value in profit or loss on initial recognition (i.e. on
                          day one).                                                                                                                                        Additional

                                                                                                                                                                          information




                                                                                                                                             2025 Annual Report    203
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 20 Fair value of financial instruments (cont.)

                        Fair value hierarchy
                        The level in the fair value hierarchy within which a fair value measurement is categorised is determined on the basis of the lowest
                        level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The fair value hierarchy is as follows:
                        •    Level 1 – Financial instruments that have been valued by reference to unadjusted quoted prices for identical financial assets
                             or financial liabilities in active markets. Financial instruments included in this category are Commonwealth of Australia and New
                             Zealand government bonds, and spot and exchange traded derivatives.
                        •    Level 2 – Financial instruments that have been valued through valuation techniques incorporating inputs other than quoted
                             prices within Level 1 that are observable for the financial asset or financial liability, either directly (as prices) or indirectly
                             (derived from prices). Financial instruments included in this category are over-the-counter trading and hedging derivatives,
                             semi-government bonds, financial institution and corporate bonds, mortgage-backed securities, loans measured at fair
                             value, and issued bonds, notes and subordinated debt measured at fair value.
                        •    Level 3 – Financial instruments that have been valued through valuation techniques incorporating inputs that are not based
                             on observable market data. Unobservable inputs are those not readily available in an active market due to market illiquidity or
                             complexity of the product. Financial instruments included in this category are bespoke trading derivatives, trading derivatives
                             where the credit valuation adjustment is considered unobservable and significant to the valuation, and certain asset-backed
                             securities valued using unobservable inputs, and equity instruments.
                        Transfers into and out of Level 3 take place when there are changes to the inputs in the valuation technique. Where inputs are no
                        longer observable the fair value measurement is transferred into Level 3. Conversely, a measurement is transferred out of Level 3




For personal use only
                        when inputs become observable.
                        The Group’s exposure to fair value measurements based in full or in part on unobservable inputs is restricted to a small number
                        of financial instruments, which comprise an insignificant component of the portfolios in which they belong. As such, a change in
                        the assumption used to value the instruments as at 30 September 2025 attributable to reasonably possible alternatives would
                        not have a material effect.

                        Fair value of financial instruments, carried at amortised cost
                        The financial assets and financial liabilities listed in the table below are carried at amortised cost. While this is the value at which
                        the Group expects the assets to be realised and the liabilities to be settled, the table below includes their fair values as at
                        30 September:

                                                                                         2025                                            2024
                                                                    Carrying    Level    Level    Level      Fair   Carrying    Level     Level     Level       Fair
                                                                       value        1       2        3     value       value        1        2         3      value
                                                                          $m       $m      $m       $m       $m           $m       $m       $m        $m        $m
                            Group
                            Financial assets
                            Loans and advances                       776,126         -   5,880 769,893 775,773        732,692        -     5,970   726,039   732,009
                            Total financial assets                   776,126         -   5,880 769,893 775,773        732,692        -     5,970   726,039   732,009
                            Financial liabilities
                            Deposits and other borrowings            736,159         - 738,185        - 738,185       712,566        -   715,221         -   715,221
                            Bonds, notes and subordinated debt       174,307         - 175,817      315 176,132       156,294        -   156,913      368    157,281
                            Debt issued                                8,972    8,819      478        -    9,297        9,560    8,914     1,059         -     9,973
                            Total financial liabilities              919,438    8,819 914,480       315 923,614       878,420    8,914   873,193      368    882,475


                            Company
                            Financial assets
                            Loans and advances                       677,552         -   3,922 673,357 677,279        634,346        -     3,865   630,054   633,919
                            Total financial assets                   677,552         -   3,922 673,357 677,279        634,346        -     3,865   630,054   633,919
                            Financial liabilities
                            Deposits and other borrowings            659,256         - 661,183        - 661,183       636,565        -   639,142         -   639,142
                            Bonds, notes and subordinated debt       157,412         - 158,777        - 158,777       140,556        -   141,296         -   141,296
                            Debt issued                                8,972    8,819      478        -    9,297        9,560    8,914     1,059         -     9,973
                            Total financial liabilities              825,640    8,819 820,438         - 829,257       786,681    8,914   781,497         -   790,411




                        204     National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 20 Fair value of financial instruments (cont.)

                        Fair value measurements recognised on the balance sheet

                                                                                                               2025                                                      2024
                                                                                          Level 1       Level 2       Level 3       Total        Level 1       Level 2          Level 3     Total           About

                                                                                                                                                                                                         this report
                                                                                               $m            $m            $m          $m             $m            $m              $m        $m
                         Group
                         Financial assets
                         Trading assets                                                    31,735      112,836               -   144,571          27,550       106,056                -   133,606
                         Debt instruments                                                   3,837        42,956           154      46,947           1,553       40,198              248    41,999


                                                                                                                                                                                                         Our business
                         Other financial assets                                                   -         688              -        688               -          576              193       769
                         Derivative assets                                                        -      21,378           448      21,826               -       28,350              416    28,766


                                                                                                                                                                                                            in 2025
                         Equity instruments(1)                                                    -             -         313         313               -                -          290       290
                         Total financial assets measured at fair value                     35,572      177,858            915    214,345          29,103       175,180            1,147   205,430
                         Financial liabilities
                         Other financial liabilities                                        1,886        68,578              -     70,464           1,043       69,229                -    70,272
                         Derivative liabilities                                                   -      19,842           361      20,203               -       32,311              265    32,576




                                                                                                                                                                                                           Creating value




For personal use only
                         Total financial liabilities measured at fair value                 1,886        88,420           361      90,667           1,043      101,540              265   102,848


                         Company
                         Financial assets
                         Trading assets                                                    28,803      103,426               -   132,229          23,744        96,773                -   120,517
                         Debt instruments                                                   2,304        42,244           154      44,702           1,545       40,190              248    41,983
                         Other financial assets                                                   -         688              -        688               -          576              193       769

                                                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate
                         Derivative assets                                                        -      20,247           448      20,695               -       28,042              416    28,458
                         Equity instruments(1)                                                    -             -         149         149               -                -          139       139
                         Due from controlled entities                                             -       8,908              -      8,908               -        7,154                -      7,154      Governance
                         Total financial assets measured at fair value                     31,107      175,513            751    207,371          25,289       172,735              996   199,020        Statement
                         Financial liabilities
                         Other financial liabilities                                        1,838        60,606              -     62,444             955       61,881                -    62,836
                         Derivative liabilities                                                   -      22,944           361      23,305               -       32,748              265    33,013


                                                                                                                                                                                                            Risk
                         Due to controlled entities                                               -       2,251              -      2,251               -        2,650                -      2,650
                         Total financial liabilities measured at fair value                 1,838        85,801           361      88,000             955       97,279              265    98,499


                                                                                                                                                                                                         management
                         (1) Includes equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income and equity instruments at fair value through profit or loss.


                        There were no material transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the 2025 or 2024 financial year for the Group or the Company.




                                                                                                                                                                                                           Report of

                                                                                                                                                                                                         the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                                           Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                         information




                                                                                                                                                                             2025 Annual Report   205
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 20 Fair value of financial instruments (cont.)

                        The table below summarises changes in fair value classified as Level 3:

                                                                                                                Assets                                 Liabilities
                                                                                       Derivatives          Debt instruments       Other(1)           Derivatives
                                                                                       2025     2024          2025       2024    2025         2024    2025       2024
                                                                                        $m           $m        $m         $m      $m           $m      $m            $m
                         Group
                         Balance at the beginning of year                              416           323       248        289    483           444    265            271
                         Gains / (losses) on assets and (gains) /
                         losses on liabilities recognised:
                          In profit or loss                                              88          (21)        -          -       4            8      99           (11)
                          In other comprehensive income                                   -            -        (1)        (1)     (2)           4       -             -
                         Purchases and issues                                            65            1        46          6      22           35       2             -
                         Sales and settlements                                           (4)         (12)     (100)      (225)      -           (7)      -             -
                         Transfers into Level 3                                           9          131       109        245       -            -       -             5
                         Transfers out of Level 3                                      (127)          (7)     (145)       (65)   (193)           -      (5)            -
                         Foreign currency translation adjustments                         1            1        (3)        (1)     (1)          (1)      -             -




For personal use only
                         Balance at end of year                                         448          416       154        248     313          483    361            265
                         Gains / (losses) on assets and (gains) /
                         losses on liabilities for the reporting period
                         related to financial instruments held at the
                         end of the reporting period recognised:
                          In profit or loss                                              88          (21)        -          -       4            8      99           (11)
                          In other comprehensive income                                   -            -        (1)        (1)     (2)           4       -             -


                         Company
                         Balance at the beginning of year                              416           323       248        289    332           309    265            271
                         Gains / (losses) on assets and (gains) /
                         losses on liabilities recognised:
                          In profit or loss                                              88          (21)        -          -       5            8      99           (11)
                          In other comprehensive income                                   -            -        (1)        (1)      4            5       -             -
                         Purchases and issues                                            65            1        46          6       2            9       2             -
                         Sales and settlements                                           (4)         (12)     (100)      (225)      -            -       -             -
                         Transfers into Level 3                                           9          131       109        245       -            -       -             5
                         Transfers out of Level 3                                      (127)          (7)     (145)       (65)   (193)           -      (5)            -
                         Foreign currency translation adjustments                         1            1        (3)        (1)     (1)           1       -             -
                         Balance at end of year                                         448          416       154        248     149          332    361            265
                         Gains / (losses) on assets and (gains) /
                         losses on liabilities for the reporting period
                         related to financial instruments held at the
                         end of the reporting period recognised:
                          In profit or loss                                              88          (21)        -          -       5            8      99           (11)
                          In other comprehensive income                                   -            -        (1)        (1)      4            5       -             -
                         (1) Includes other financial assets and equity instruments.




                        206   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 21
                        Financial asset transfers
                        The Group and the Company enter into transactions by which they transfer financial assets to counterparties or to structured entities. Financial assets that do not qualify for derecognition
                        are typically associated with repurchase agreements, covered bonds and securitisation program arrangements. The following table sets out the carrying amount of financial assets that
                        did not qualify for derecognition and their associated liabilities. Where relevant, the table also sets out the net position of the fair value of financial assets where the counterparty to the
                        associated liabilities has recourse only to the transferred assets.

                                                                                                                               Group                                                                                 Company
                                                                                          Repurchase                                                                                           Repurchase




For personal use only
                                                                                          agreements                     Covered bonds                      Securitisation                     agreements         Covered bonds         Securitisation(1)
                                                                                         2025            2024              2025           2024               2025           2024               2025       2024     2025        2024      2025         2024
                                                                                           $m              $m                $m              $m                $m             $m                    $m      $m       $m         $m         $m           $m
                         Carrying amount of transferred assets                         37,709          45,705            46,396          45,713             2,553           3,484           35,138       41,188   40,835    40,009      2,680         3,590
                         Carrying amount of associated liabilities                     37,053          44,668            40,538          34,287             2,553           3,484           35,104       41,103   35,096    29,395      2,680         3,590
                         For those liabilities that have recourse
                         only to the transferred assets
                         Fair value of transferred assets                                  n/a            n/a               n/a             n/a             2,552           3,481               n/a         n/a     n/a         n/a     2,679         3,588
                         Fair value of associated liabilities                              n/a            n/a               n/a             n/a             2,580           3,506               n/a         n/a     n/a         n/a     2,703         3,609
                         Net position                                                      n/a            n/a               n/a             n/a                (28)            (25)             n/a         n/a     n/a         n/a       (24)             (21)
                         (1) Securitisation assets exclude $98,389 million of assets (2024 $122,214 million) where the Company holds all of the issued instruments of the securitisation vehicle.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      2025 Annual Report     207
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Other assets and liabilities

                        Note 22
                        Goodwill and other intangible assets

                          Accounting policy

                          Goodwill
                          Goodwill arises on the acquisition of an entity and represents the excess of the consideration paid over the fair value of
                          the identifiable net assets acquired.

                          Software costs
                          External and internal costs that are incurred to acquire or develop software are capitalised and recognised as an
                          intangible asset. Capitalised software costs and other intangible assets are amortised on a systematic basis once
                          deployed, using the straight-line method over their expected useful lives which are between three and ten years. The
                          expected useful lives of intangible assets are reviewed at each reporting date.

                          Impairment of intangible assets
                          Assets with an indefinite useful life, including goodwill, are not subject to amortisation and are tested on an annual basis




For personal use only
                          for impairment, and additionally whenever an indication of impairment exists. Assets that are subject to amortisation are
                          reviewed for impairment at each reporting date for events or changes in circumstances that indicate that the carrying
                          amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the carrying amount of an asset
                          exceeds its recoverable amount.
                          The recoverable amount of an asset is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal or its value in use. For assets
                          that do not generate largely independent cash inflows, the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit
                          (CGU) to which that asset belongs.
                          Goodwill impairment is assessed for each CGU or group of CGUs that represents the lowest level within the Group at which
                          goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes.

                          Recoverable amounts of CGUs
                          The recoverable amount of a CGU is determined using either value in use or fair value less costs of disposal. Assumptions
                          for determining the recoverable amount of each CGU are based on past experience and expectations for the future. Cash
                          flow projections for value in use are based on the latest management approved forecasts covering a period of 5 years
                          and are then extrapolated using a constant growth rate for up to a further five years. These forecasts use management
                          estimates to determine income, expenses, capital expenditure and cash flows for each CGU.
                          The discount rate used reflects the market determined post-tax discount rate which is adjusted for specific risks relating
                          to the CGUs and the countries in which they operate. The growth rate applied to extrapolate cash flows beyond the
                          forecast period are based on forecast assumptions of the CGUs’ long-term performance in their respective markets.

                          Critical accounting judgements and estimates
                          The measurement of goodwill is subject to a number of key judgements and estimates. These include:
                          •    the allocation of goodwill to CGUs on initial recognition,
                          •    the re-allocation of goodwill in the event of disposal or reorganisation and
                          •    the appropriate cash flow forecasts, growth rates and discount rates.
                          Due to continuing technology modernisation and change, judgement is required in determining the useful lives and
                          obsolescence of software.
                          Further details about these items are provided below.




                        208   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 22 Goodwill and other intangible assets (cont.)

                                                                                                        Group                Company
                                                                                                    2025         2024      2025            2024

                                                                                                                                                           About
                                                                                                      $m          $m         $m             $m
                         Goodwill and other intangible assets
                         Goodwill                                                                   2,070        2,070       80                 80
                                                                                                                                                        this report
                         Internally generated software                                              3,194        2,774    2,644            2,308
                         Acquired software                                                           236          239       149             147
                         Customer relationships, core deposits and other acquired
                         intangible assets                                                           122          141       108             126


                                                                                                                                                        Our business
                         Total goodwill and other intangible assets                                 5,622        5,224    2,981            2,661
                         At cost                                                                13,157          12,235    9,532            8,798


                                                                                                                                                           in 2025
                         Deduct: Accumulated amortisation / impairment losses                   (7,535)         (7,011)   (6,551)         (6,137)
                         Total goodwill and other intangible assets                                 5,622        5,224    2,981            2,661


                        Reconciliation of movements in goodwill and internally generated software

                                                                                                        Group                Company




                                                                                                                                                          Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                                    2025         2024      2025            2024
                                                                                                      $m          $m         $m             $m
                         Goodwill
                         Balance at beginning of year                                               2,070        2,070       80                 80
                         Balance at end of year                                                     2,070        2,070       80                 80


                         Internally generated software
                         Balance at beginning of year                                               2,774        2,484    2,308            2,052        Corporate
                                                                                                                                                       Governance
                         Additions from internal development                                        1,110        1,000      897             821
                         Disposals, impairments and write-offs                                         (7)         (51)       (7)               (9)
                         Amortisation                                                               (687)        (655)     (574)           (555)        Statement
                         Foreign currency translation and other adjustments                            4            (4)      20                 (1)
                         Balance at end of year                                                     3,194        2,774    2,644            2,308



                                                                                                                                                           Risk

                                                                                                                                                        management




                                                                                                                                                          Report of

                                                                                                                                                        the Directors




                                                                                                                                                          Financial report




                                                                                                                                                         Additional

                                                                                                                                                        information




                                                                                                                           2025 Annual Report    209
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 22 Goodwill and other intangible assets (cont.)

                        Goodwill allocation to CGUs
                        The key assumptions used in determining the recoverable amount of CGUs using value in use, to which goodwill has been
                        allocated, are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                 Terminal
                                                                                                                                                     Discount     growth
                                                                                                                                                      rate per   rate per
                                                                                                                                  Goodwill             annum       annum
                                                                                                                                2025         2024        2025        2025
                                                                                                                                  $m          $m            %           %
                         CGUs
                         Business and Private Banking                                                                             94           94        10.7         3.2
                         New Zealand Banking                                                                                     258          258        11.2         3.0
                         Personal Banking                                                                                       1,592        1,592       10.7         3.2
                         ubank                                                                                                   126          126        11.2         3.2
                         Total goodwill                                                                                         2,070        2,070


                        Note 23




For personal use only
                        Other assets
                                                                                                                                   Group                   Company
                                                                                                                                2025         2024        2025        2024
                                                                                                                                  $m          $m           $m         $m
                         Other assets
                         Accrued interest receivable                                                                            1,957        2,274      1,764        2,026
                         Prepayments                                                                                             352          359         275         286
                         Receivables                                                                                             231          362          85         154
                         Other debt instruments at amortised cost                                                                   -            -        483         505
                         Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income                                     294          275         130         125
                         Investments in associates and joint ventures(1)                                                         313          538            -        477
                         Securities sold not delivered                                                                          3,417        3,941      2,912        2,944
                         Other                                                                                                   372          802          25         367
                         Total other assets                                                                                     6,936        8,551      5,674        6,884
                         (1) Refer to section (b) in Note 31 Interest in subsidiaries and other entities for further details.




                        210   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 24
                        Provisions

                          Accounting policy

                          Provisions                                                                                                                                  About

                                                                                                                                                                   this report
                          Provisions are recognised when the Group has a legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable
                          that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and the amount of the obligation can be
                          reliably estimated. Provisions are not discounted to the present value of their expected net future cash flows except
                          where the time value of money is material.

                          Operational risk event losses

                                                                                                                                                                   Our business
                          Provisions are recognised for non-lending losses which include losses arising from specific legal actions not directly
                          related to amounts of principal outstanding for loans and advances, and losses arising from forgeries, fraud, the


                                                                                                                                                                      in 2025
                          correction of operational issues and regulatory-related items.

                          Customer-related remediation
                          Provisions for customer-related remediation include provisions for potential refunds and other compensation to
                          customers as well as associated program costs.




                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value
                          Critical accounting judgements and estimates




For personal use only
                          Provisions are held in respect of a range of future obligations such as employee entitlements, restructuring costs,
                          customer-related remediation, litigation and regulatory investigations. The recognition and measurement of some of
                          these provisions involves significant judgement about the existence of a present obligation, the likely outcome of various
                          future events and the related estimated future cash flows. If the future events are uncertain or where the outflows cannot
                          be reliably measured a contingent liability is disclosed, refer to Note 30 Commitments and contingent liabilities.
                          Payments that are expected to be incurred after more than one year from the reporting date are discounted at a rate
                          which reflects both current interest rates and the risks specific to that provision.

                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate
                          In relation to customer-related remediation, determining the amount of the provision requires the exercise of significant
                          judgement. This includes forming a view on a number of different estimates, including the number of impacted
                          customers, average refund per customer and the associated costs required to complete the remediation activities. The                    Governance
                          appropriateness of underlying assumptions is reviewed on a regular basis against actual experience and other available
                          evidence, and adjustments are made to the provision where required.                                                                      Statement



                                                                                                          Group                        Company


                                                                                                                                                                      Risk
                                                                                                       2025          2024            2025            2024
                                                                                                        $m             $m              $m               $m


                                                                                                                                                                   management
                         Provisions
                         Employee entitlements                                                          977            958            822               816
                         Operational risk event losses                                                   96             63             95                 61
                         Customer-related remediation                                                   267            276             87               122
                         Other                                                                          405            507            395               467


                                                                                                                                                                     Report of
                         Total provisions                                                             1,745          1,804           1,399           1,466


                        Reconciliation of movements in provisions

                                                                                                          Group                        Company                     the Directors
                                                                                                       2025          2024            2025            2024
                                                                                                        $m             $m              $m               $m




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report
                         Operational risk event losses
                         Balance at beginning of year                                                    63             43             61                 25
                         Provisions made                                                                151            118            151               112
                         Payments out of provisions                                                    (118)           (94)          (117)                (76)
                         Provisions no longer required and net foreign currency movements                 -             (4)              -                  -
                         Balance at end of year                                                          96             63             95                 61


                         Customer-related remediation


                                                                                                                                                                    Additional
                         Balance at beginning of year                                                   276            305            122               305
                         Provisions made                                                                218            188             91               120

                                                                                                                                                                   information
                         Payments out of provisions                                                    (227)          (217)          (126)           (170)
                         Transfers to Due to controlled entities                                          -              -               -           (133)
                         Balance at end of year                                                         267            276             87               122


                                                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report     211
                        Notes to the financial statements




                        Note 25
                        Other liabilities
                                                                  Group               Company
                                                               2025        2024     2025         2024
                                                                 $m         $m        $m          $m
                         Other liabilities
                         Accrued interest payable              4,601       5,561    4,049        4,821
                         Payables and accrued expenses         1,115       1,074     870          810
                         Securities purchased not delivered    3,713       4,256    3,551        3,484
                         Lease liabilities                     1,914       2,072    1,420        1,609
                         Trail commission payable              2,182       2,018    1,671        1,512
                         Other                                 1,981       1,461     941          748
                         Total other liabilities              15,506      16,442   12,502       12,984




For personal use only




                        212   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Capital management

                        Note 26
                        Contributed equity
                        In accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), the Company does not have authorised capital and all ordinary shares have                 About

                                                                                                                                                                   this report
                        no par value. Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or
                        options are included within equity. Holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as determined from time to time
                        and are entitled to one vote, on a show of hands or on a poll, for each fully paid ordinary share held at shareholders’ meetings.
                        In the event of a winding-up of the Company, ordinary shareholders rank after all other shareholders and creditors and are fully
                        entitled to any residual proceeds of liquidation.



                                                                                                                                                                   Our business
                                                                                                           Group                       Company
                                                                                                       2025           2024            2025           2024


                                                                                                                                                                      in 2025
                                                                                                         $m            $m              $m             $m
                         Issued and paid-up ordinary share capital
                         Ordinary shares, fully paid                                                  36,123         36,581         35,337         35,795
                         Total contributed equity                                                     36,123         36,581         35,337         35,795




                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value
                        Reconciliation of movement in ordinary shares




For personal use only
                                                                                                           Group                       Company
                                                                                                       2025           2024            2025           2024
                                                                                                         $m            $m              $m             $m
                         Balance at beginning of year                                                 36,581         38,546         35,795         37,760
                         Shares issued:
                          Transfer from equity-based compensation reserve                               158            137             158            137
                         Purchase of treasury shares for employee share offer                              -            (25)             -                (25)     Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                  Governance
                         Share buy-back                                                                 (616)        (2,077)          (616)         (2,077)
                         Balance at end of year                                                       36,123         36,581         35,337         35,795
                                                                                                                                                                   Statement
                        The number of ordinary shares on issue for the last two years as at 30 September was as follows:

                                                                                                                                       Company


                                                                                                                                                                      Risk
                                                                                                                                      2025           2024
                                                                                                                                  No. ’000       No. ’000



                                                                                                                                                                   management
                         Ordinary shares, fully paid
                         Balance at beginning of year                                                                            3,074,038       3,128,949
                         Shares issued:
                          Bonus share plan                                                                                           1,008           1,314
                          Equity-based payments                                                                                      4,559           4,456


                                                                                                                                                                     Report of
                         Paying up of partly paid shares                                                                                 -                 9
                         Share buy-back                                                                                            (16,572)        (60,690)
                         Total ordinary shares, fully paid                                                                       3,063,033       3,074,038

                                                                                                                                                                   the Directors
                         Ordinary shares, partly paid to 25 cents
                         Balance at beginning of year                                                                                    -                 9
                         Paying up of partly paid shares                                                                                 -                 (9)
                         Total ordinary shares, partly paid to 25 cents                                                                  -                  -




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report
                         Total ordinary shares (including treasury shares)                                                       3,063,033       3,074,038
                         Less: Treasury shares                                                                                      (7,464)         (8,642)
                         Total ordinary shares (excluding treasury shares)                                                       3,055,569       3,065,396




                                                                                                                                                                    Additional

                                                                                                                                                                   information




                                                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report     213
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 27
                        Non-controlling interests
                        Non-controlling interests represent the share in the net assets of controlled entities attributable to equity interests which the
                        Company does not own directly or indirectly.

                                                                                                              Group                        Company
                                                                                                          2025           2024             2025           2024
                                                                                                            $m             $m              $m             $m
                         Non-controlling interests
                         BNZ perpetual preference shares                                                    725            758               -              -
                         Total                                                                              725            758               -              -


                        Bank of New Zealand preference shares
                        BNZ perpetual preference shares (PPS) are issued by Bank of New Zealand (BNZ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group. These
                        PPS are classified as non-controlling interests to the Group. The balance as at 30 September 2025 represents an AUD equivalent
                        of $750 million of PPS issued less $25 million foreign currency translation differences between AUD and NZD.
                        The key terms of the PPS are summarised below:

                        PPS distributions




For personal use only
                        Distributions on the PPS are discretionary and non-cumulative. If a PPS distribution is not paid, there are certain restrictions on
                        the ability of BNZ to pay a dividend on its ordinary shares. Holders of the PPS have no other rights to participate in the profits or
                        property of BNZ.
                        Any distributions will comprise a cash amount and imputation credits.

                        Redemption
                        The PPS have no fixed maturity date and will remain on issue indefinitely if not redeemed by BNZ.
                        BNZ may redeem the PPS on the first optional redemption date or on each quarterly scheduled distribution payment date
                        thereafter, or at any time if a tax event or regulatory event occurs. Redemption is subject to certain conditions being met,
                        including obtaining the RBNZ’s approval. Holders of PPS have no right to require that the PPS be redeemed.




                        214   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 28
                        Reserves

                          Accounting policy

                          Foreign currency translation reserve                                                                                                       About

                                                                                                                                                                  this report
                          Exchange differences arising on translation of the Group’s foreign operations, any offsetting gains or losses on net
                          investment hedges and any associated tax effect are reflected in the foreign currency translation reserve.
                          The results and financial position of the Group entities that have a functional currency different from Australian dollars are
                          translated into Australian dollars as follows:
                          •   Assets and liabilities are translated at the closing exchange rate at the balance sheet date.


                                                                                                                                                                  Our business
                          •   Income and expenses are translated at average exchange rates for the period.
                          •   All resulting exchange differences are recognised in the foreign currency translation reserve.

                                                                                                                                                                     in 2025
                          A cumulative credit balance in this reserve would not normally be regarded as available for payment of dividends until such
                          gains are realised and recognised in the income statement on sale or disposal of the foreign operation.

                          Asset revaluation reserve
                          The asset revaluation reserve is used to record revaluation adjustments on land and buildings. When an asset is sold or
                          disposed of the related balance in the reserve is transferred directly to retained profits.




                                                                                                                                                                    Creating value




For personal use only
                          Cash flow hedge reserve and cost of hedging reserve
                          The cash flow hedge reserve includes fair value gains and losses associated with the effective portion of designated
                          cash flow hedging instruments, net of tax. For hedging instruments in designated hedge accounting relationships, the cost
                          of hedging reserve records fair value gains and losses on forward contracts due to changes in market forward points
                          and fair value gains and losses on cross currency swaps due to changes in market cross-currency basis spreads. These
                          cumulative movements generally reduce to nil by maturity of these hedging instruments.

                          Equity-based compensation reserve
                          The equity-based compensation reserve comprises the fair value of shares and rights provided to employees.                              Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                 Governance
                          Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income reserve
                          The reserve includes all changes in the fair value of investments in debt instruments that are measured at fair value                   Statement
                          through other comprehensive income, other than impairment losses, foreign exchange gains and losses, interest income
                          and net of any related hedge accounting adjustments. The cumulative amount recognised in the reserve is transferred to
                          profit or loss when the related asset is derecognised.


                                                                                                                                                                     Risk
                          Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income reserve
                          The Group has made an irrevocable election to measure certain investments in equity instruments that are not held for


                                                                                                                                                                  management
                          trading purposes at fair value through other comprehensive income. Changes in the fair value of these investments are
                          recognised in this reserve, while dividends are recognised in profit or loss. The cumulative amount recognised in the
                          reserve is transferred directly to retained profits when the related asset is derecognised.




                                                                                                                                                                    Report of

                                                                                                                                                                  the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                   Additional

                                                                                                                                                                  information




                                                                                                                                      2025 Annual Report   215
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 28 Reserves (cont.)

                        Reserves

                                                                                                                                            Group                                 Company
                                                                                                                                        2025             2024                2025           2024
                                                                                                                                          $m               $m                     $m          $m
                         Foreign currency translation reserve                                                                           (426)              (66)               (72)           (175)
                         Asset revaluation reserve                                                                                         19               19                     -            -
                         Cash flow hedge reserve                                                                                         321              (145)               157            (184)
                         Cost of hedging reserve                                                                                        (179)             (173)               (89)            (66)
                         Equity-based compensation reserve                                                                               234               249                234            249
                         Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income reserve                                       (26)             (283)               (27)           (283)
                         Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income reserve                                       36               37                    29          25
                         Total reserves                                                                                                  (21)             (362)               232            (434)


                        Foreign currency translation reserve

                                                                                                                                            Group                                 Company




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                        2025             2024                2025           2024
                                                                                                                                          $m               $m                     $m          $m
                         Balance at beginning of year                                                                                    (66)              156               (175)           (134)
                         Currency adjustments on translation of foreign operations, net of hedging                                      (341)             (222)               122             (41)
                         Transfer to the income statement on disposal or partial disposal of
                         foreign operations                                                                                              (19)                 -               (19)              -
                         Balance at end of year                                                                                         (426)              (66)               (72)           (175)


                        Note 29
                        Dividends
                                                                                                                                                                       Amount             Total
                                                                                                                                                                      per share         amount
                                                                                                                                                                           cents              $m
                         Dividends paid
                         For the year ended 30 September 2025
                         Final dividend determined in respect of the year ended 30 September 2024(1)                                                                              85        2,613
                         Interim dividend determined in respect of the year ended 30 September 2025(2)                                                                            85        2,603
                         Deduct: Bonus shares in lieu of dividend                                                                                                             n/a            (39)
                         Dividends paid by the Company during the year ended 30 September 2025                                                                                n/a           5,177
                         Add: Dividends paid to non-controlling interests in controlled entities                                                                              n/a             39
                         Total dividends paid by the Group (before dividend reinvestment plan)                                                                                n/a           5,216


                         For the year ended 30 September 2024
                         Final dividend determined in respect of the year ended 30 September 2023(3)                                                                              84        2,626
                         Interim dividend determined in respect of the year ended 30 September 2024(4)                                                                            84        2,606
                         Deduct: Bonus shares in lieu of dividend                                                                                                             n/a             (41)
                         Dividends paid by the Company during the year ended 30 September 2024                                                                                n/a           5,191
                         Add: Dividends paid to non-controlling interest in controlled entities                                                                               n/a             18
                         Total dividends paid by the Group (before dividend reinvestment plan)                                                                                n/a           5,209
                         (1) The DRP in respect of the final 2024 dividend was satisfied in full through the on market purchase and transfer of 4,843,438 shares at $39.44 to
                             participating shareholders.
                         (2) The DRP in respect of the interim 2025 dividend was satisfied in full through the on market purchase and transfer of 5,255,033 shares at $37.51 to
                             participating shareholders.
                         (3) The DRP in respect of the final 2023 dividend was satisfied in full through the on market purchase and transfer of 6,807,692 shares at $28.32 to
                             participating shareholders.
                         (4) The DRP in respect of the interim 2024 dividend was satisfied in full through the on market purchase and transfer of 9,239,285 shares at $34.20 to
                             participating shareholders.


                        Dividends paid during 2025 were fully franked at a tax rate of 30% (2024: 30%).




                        216   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 29 Dividends (cont.)

                        Final dividend
                        On 6 November 2025, the directors determined the following dividend:

                                                                                                                                                  Franked             About
                                                                                                                      Amount          Total        amount
                                                                                                                                                                   this report
                                                                                                                     per share      amount       per share
                                                                                                                        cents            $m                 %
                         Final dividend determined in respect of the year ended 30 September 2025                           85        2,604             100


                        The 2025 final dividend is payable on 12 December 2025. There is no DRP discount for the 2025 final dividend. Eligible shareholders


                                                                                                                                                                   Our business
                        have the ability to participate in the DRP for the 2025 final dividend for up to 5 million NAB ordinary shares per participant.
                        The financial effect of this dividend has not been brought to account in the financial statements for the year ended
                        30 September 2025 and will be recognised in subsequent financial reports.

                        Australian franking credits                                                                                                                   in 2025
                        The franking credits available to the Company as at 30 September 2025 are estimated to be $409 million (2024: $500 million) after
                        allowing for Australian tax payable in respect of the current reporting period profit and the receipt of dividends recognised as a
                        receivable at reporting date.




                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value
                        The final 2025 dividend will utilise the balance of franking credits available as at 30 September 2025. The Company's franking




For personal use only
                        account will fluctuate during the year depending on the timing of tax and dividend payments. A surplus franking account balance
                        is only required as at 30 June each year for the purpose of complying with Australian income tax legislation. Instalment tax
                        payments made after 30 September 2025 will generate sufficient franking credits to enable the final 2025 dividend to be fully
                        franked and comply with the income tax legislation.
                        Franking is not guaranteed. The extent to which future dividends on ordinary shares and distributions on frankable hybrids will be
                        franked will depend on a number of factors, including capital management activities and the level of profits that will be subject to
                        tax in Australia.

                        New Zealand imputation credits                                                                                                             Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                  Governance
                        The New Zealand imputation credits available to the Company as at 30 September 2025 are estimated to be NZD $1,350 million
                        (2024: NZD $1,858 million).
                        The Company is able to attach available New Zealand imputation credits to dividends paid. As a result, New Zealand imputation              Statement
                        credits of NZD $0.15 per share will be attached to the final 2025 dividend payable by the Company. New Zealand imputation credits
                        are only relevant for shareholders who are required to file New Zealand income tax returns.




                                                                                                                                                                      Risk

                                                                                                                                                                   management




                                                                                                                                                                     Report of

                                                                                                                                                                   the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                    Additional

                                                                                                                                                                   information




                                                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report   217
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Unrecognised items

                        Note 30
                        Commitments and contingent liabilities

                             Accounting policy
                             The Group discloses certain items as contingent liabilities, as they are either possible obligations whose existence will be
                             confirmed only by uncertain future events, or they are present obligations where a transfer of economic resources is not
                             probable or cannot be reliably measured. Contingent liabilities are not recognised on the balance sheet but are disclosed
                             unless an outflow of economic resources is remote.



                        Commitments
                        Financial assets are pledged as collateral predominantly under repurchase agreements with other banks. The financial assets
                        pledged by the Group are strictly for the purpose of providing collateral for the counterparty. These transactions are conducted
                        under terms that are usual and customary to standard lending and securities borrowing and lending activities, as well as
                        requirements determined by exchanges where the Group acts as an intermediary. Repurchase agreements that do not qualify
                        for derecognition are reported in Note 21 Financial asset transfers.




For personal use only
                        Bank guarantees and letters of credit
                        The Group provides guarantees in its normal course of business on behalf of its customers. Guarantees written are conditional
                        commitments issued by the Group to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Guarantees are primarily issued
                        to support direct financial obligations such as commercial bills or other debt instruments issued by a counterparty. The Group
                        has four principal types of guarantees:
                        •    bank guarantees,
                        •    standby letters of credit,
                        •    documentary letters of credit, and
                        •    performance-related contingencies.
                        The Group considers all bank guarantees and letters of credit as “at call” for liquidity management purposes because it has no
                        control over when the holder might call upon the instrument.

                                                                                                             Group                        Company
                                                                                                          2025          2024            2025          2024
                                                                                                           $m             $m              $m            $m
                            Bank guarantees and letters of credit
                            Bank guarantees                                                              6,680          5,568          6,936          5,679
                            Standby letters of credit                                                    6,328          7,250          6,313          7,246
                            Documentary letters of credit                                                1,566          1,863          1,529          1,810
                            Performance-related contingencies                                           13,022         11,916         11,783         10,125
                            Total bank guarantees and letters of credit                                 27,596         26,597         26,561         24,860


                        Clearing and settlement obligations
                        The Group is subject to a commitment in accordance with the rules governing clearing and settlement arrangements contained
                        in the Australian Payments Network Regulations for the Australian Paper Clearing System, the Bulk Electronic Clearing System, the
                        Consumer Electronic Clearing System and the High Value Clearing System which could result in a credit risk exposure and loss in
                        the event of a failure to settle by a member institution. The Group also has a commitment in accordance with the Austraclear
                        System Regulations and the Continuous Linked Settlement Bank Rules to participate in loss-sharing arrangements in the event
                        that another financial institution fails to settle.
                        The Group is a member of various central clearing houses, most notably the London Clearing House (LCH) SwapClear and
                        RepoClear platforms and the ASX Over-The-Counter Central Counterparty, which enables the Group to centrally clear derivative
                        and repurchase agreement instruments respectively. As a member of these central clearing houses, the Group is required
                        to make a default fund contribution. The exposure to risk associated with this commitment is reflected for capital adequacy
                        purposes in the Group’s Pillar 3 reporting. In the event of a default of another clearing member, the Group could be required to
                        commit additional funds to the default fund contribution.

                        Credit-related commitments
                        Binding credit-related commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer provided that there is no violation
                        of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses
                        and may require payment of a fee by the customer. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn
                        down, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Nevertheless, credit-related
                        commitments are considered “at call” for liquidity management purposes.




                        218    National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 30 Commitments and contingent liabilities (cont.)

                                                                                                             Group                         Company
                                                                                                          2025          2024             2025            2024

                                                                                                                                                                        About
                                                                                                            $m            $m               $m             $m
                            Credit-related commitments
                            Binding credit commitments                                                 218,596        210,124          198,040        190,297
                                                                                                                                                                     this report
                            Total credit-related commitments                                           218,596        210,124          198,040        190,297


                            Credit-related commitments by geographical location
                            Australia                                                                  174,161        167,797          173,888        166,798

                                                                                                                                                                     Our business
                            New Zealand                                                                 19,858         18,636                -                -
                            Other International                                                         24,577         23,691           24,152         23,499

                                                                                                                                                                        in 2025
                            Total credit-related commitments                                           218,596        210,124          198,040        190,297


                        Parent entity guarantees and undertakings
                        The Company has provided the following guarantees and undertakings relating to entities in the Group. These guarantees and
                        undertakings are not included in the previous tables in this note:




                                                                                                                                                                       Creating value




For personal use only
                        •    The Company will guarantee up to $15,148 million (2024: $14,431 million) of commercial paper issuances by National Australia
                             Funding (Delaware) Inc. Commercial paper of $380 million (2024: $398 million) has been issued.
                        •    The Company is responsible to its customers for any direct loss suffered as a result of National Nominees Limited failing to
                             perform its obligations to the Company.
                        •    The Company has issued letters of support and given guarantees and indemnities in respect of certain subsidiaries and
                             associates in the normal course of business or arising from contractual or legislative commitments. The letters of support
                             and provision of guarantees and indemnities recognises that the Company has a responsibility to ensure that those
                             subsidiaries and associates continue to meet their obligations.

                        Contingent liabilities                                                                                                                       Corporate
                        The Group is exposed to contingent risks and liabilities arising from the conduct of its business including:                                Governance
                        •    actual and potential disputes, claims and legal proceedings,                                                                            Statement
                        •    investigations into past conduct, including actual and potential regulatory breaches carried out by regulatory authorities on
                             either an industry-wide or Group-specific basis,
                        •    internal investigations and reviews into past conduct, including actual and potential regulatory breaches, carried out by or on
                             behalf of the Group, and

                                                                                                                                                                        Risk
                        •    contracts that involve giving contingent commitments such as warranties, indemnities or guarantees.
                        There are contingent liabilities in respect of all such matters. Such matters are often highly complex and uncertain. Where

                                                                                                                                                                     management
                        appropriate, provisions have been made. The aggregate potential liability of the Group in relation to these matters cannot be
                        accurately assessed.
                        Further details on some specific contingent liabilities that may impact the Group are set out below.

                        Regulatory activity, compliance investigations and associated proceedings


                                                                                                                                                                       Report of
                        Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing compliance
                        On 25 July 2025, the AUSTRAC CEO confirmed that AUSTRAC had cancelled NAB’s Enforceable Undertaking entered into on 29 April

                                                                                                                                                                     the Directors
                        2022. NAB is continuing its work in response to the final report issued by the independent auditor, including implementing
                        its recommendations.
                        The Group continues to improve its Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and Counter-Terrorism Financing (CTF) systems, processes
                        and controls and keeps AUSTRAC informed of its progress. In addition to an ongoing general uplift in capability, the Group is
                        remediating specific known compliance issues and weaknesses. As this work progresses, further compliance issues may be




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial report
                        identified and reported to AUSTRAC or equivalent foreign regulators, and additional uplifting and strengthening may be required.
                        The total costs associated with the above remain uncertain.

                        Banking matters
                        The Group regularly reviews matters that may have an adverse customer, colleague or stakeholder outcome, which in some
                        cases are identified by regulatory authorities. These reviews include matters regarding:
                        •    incorrect fees and interest rates being applied in connection with certain products and/or services,
                        •    off-set accounts, including automated opening of off-set accounts without customer consent,


                                                                                                                                                                      Additional
                        •    compliance with financial hardship obligations, and
                        •    issues with treatment of deregistered companies identified in the customer base.

                                                                                                                                                                     information
                        The potential outcome and total costs associated with these matters remain uncertain, including regulatory, customer and
                        other exposures.




                                                                                                                                         2025 Annual Report   219
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 30 Commitments and contingent liabilities (cont.)

                        Employment matters
                        The Group continues to review its processes for compliance with obligations under Australian employment laws and its
                        enterprise agreements and associated remediation work is ongoing. The Group is engaging with the Fair Work Ombudsman
                        (FWO) and has reported a number of compliance issues to the FWO. As this review progresses, further compliance issues may be
                        identified and reported to the FWO and additional remediation may be required.
                        There remains potential for further developments regarding these issues, including enforcement action by the FWO or other
                        legal actions and penalties, so the final outcome and total costs associated with these issues remain uncertain. Where
                        appropriate, provisions have been made, including for costs associated with the review and remediation of payroll issues.
                        In March 2023, the Finance Sector Union (FSU) filed proceedings against NAB and MLC Wealth Limited in the Federal Court alleging
                        that those parties had breached provisions of the Fair Work Act which prohibit an employer from requesting or requiring an
                        employee to work unreasonable additional hours. The claim relates to four current and former employees. The FSU is seeking
                        declarations that NAB and MLC Wealth Limited breached the Fair Work Act, the imposition of penalties in respect of the alleged
                        breaches, as well as compensation for loss and damage to the four named current and former employees and the payment of
                        legal costs. The final outcome and total costs associated with this matter remain uncertain.

                        Wealth - Advice remediation
                        The Group continues to remediate customers in relation to (a) financial advice fees paid by customers pursuant to ongoing
                        service arrangements, and (b) customers that may have received non-compliant financial advice. The scope of the remediation




For personal use only
                        programs include the advice businesses of MLC Advice (formerly known as NAB Financial Planning), NAB Advice Partnerships and
                        JBWere(1). Remediation payments with respect to MLC Advice and NAB Advice Partnerships are now largely complete. JBWere is
                        identifying potentially impacted customers, assessing impacts to those customers and making remediation payments in some
                        cases. Where customer compensation is able to be reliably estimated, provisions have been recognised. The final outcome and
                        total costs associated with this work remain uncertain.

                        Contingent tax risk
                        The tax affairs of the Group are subject to regular reviews by the Australian Taxation Office as well as the Revenue Offices of
                        the various Australian States and Territories. These reviews cover various aspects of NAB’s tax affairs including prior tax returns
                        lodged and compliance with various customer data reporting regimes. Similar reviews are also undertaken by the relevant
                        revenue offices in overseas jurisdictions in which the Group operates. The reviews described above may result in additional
                        tax-related liabilities (including interest and penalties). Where appropriate, provisions have been made. The potential outcome
                        and total costs associated with these activities remain uncertain.

                        Contractual commitments
                        The Group has provided warranties, indemnities and other commitments in favour of third parties in connection with various
                        acquisitions and divestments of businesses, assets and other transactions, covering a range of matters and risks. The Group
                        is potentially exposed to claims under those warranties, indemnities and commitments, some of which are currently active. The
                        potential outcome and total costs associated with these exposures remain uncertain.

                        MLC Wealth Transaction
                        On 31 May 2021, the Group completed the sale of MLC Wealth, comprising its advice, platforms, superannuation and investments,
                        and asset management businesses to Insignia Financial Ltd (MLC Wealth Transaction). As part of the MLC Wealth Transaction, the
                        Company provided Insignia Financial Ltd with indemnities relating to certain pre-completion matters, including:
                        •    breaches of anti-money laundering laws and regulations,
                        •    regulatory fines and penalties, and
                        •    certain litigation and regulatory investigations (including the NULIS class action described below).
                        A breach or triggering of these indemnities may result in the Company being liable to Insignia Financial Ltd.
                        The final financial impact associated with the MLC Wealth Transaction remains uncertain.

                        NULIS - class action
                        In October 2019, litigation funder Omni Bridgeway and William Roberts Lawyers commenced a class action against NULIS Nominees
                        (Australia) Limited (NULIS) alleging breaches of NULIS’s trustee obligations to act in the best interests of the former members of
                        The Universal Super Scheme in deciding to maintain grandfathered commissions on their transfer into the MLC Super Fund on
                        1 July 2016. NULIS filed its first defence in the proceeding in February 2020. An initial trial to make determinations on the individual
                        claims of the applicant and one sample group member was held on 9 October 2023. Judgment was delivered on 2 December 2024
                        in NULIS’s favour, with final orders dismissing the proceeding and awarding costs to NULIS made on 12 February 2025. On 12 March
                        2025, the applicant filed an appeal of the judgment. A date for the appeal hearing is yet to be fixed.
                        The potential outcomes and total costs associated with this matter remain uncertain. While NULIS is no longer part of the Group
                        following completion of the MLC Wealth Transaction, the Company remains liable for the costs associated with, and retains
                        conduct of, this matter pursuant to the terms of the MLC Wealth Transaction.




                            (1) While the businesses of MLC Advice and NAB Advice Partnerships relevant to these matters have been sold to Insignia Financial Ltd (formerly known as IOOF) pursuant to
                                the MLC Wealth Transaction, the Group has retained the companies that operated the advice business, such that the Group has retained all liabilities associated with
                                the conduct of these businesses pre-completion of the MLC Wealth Transaction. JBWere is not within the scope of the MLC Wealth Transaction.


                        220     National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Other disclosures

                        Note 31
                        Interest in subsidiaries and other entities
                                                                                                                                                                      About

                          Accounting policy                                                                                                                        this report

                          Investments in controlled entities
                          Controlled entities are all those entities (including structured entities) to which the Company is exposed, or has rights,
                          to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power


                                                                                                                                                                   Our business
                          over the entity. An assessment of control is performed on an ongoing basis. Entities are consolidated from the date on
                          which control is obtained by the Group. Entities are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases. The effects of
                          transactions between entities within the Group are eliminated in full upon consolidation.

                          Investments in associates and joint ventures                                                                                                in 2025
                          Associates and joint ventures are entities over which the Group has significant influence or joint control, but not control.
                          The Group's investments in associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method, with the carrying
                          amount of the investment increased or decreased to recognise the Group's share of the profit or loss of the investee.




                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value




For personal use only
                          Structured entities
                          A structured entity is an entity that has been designed so that voting or similar rights are not the dominant factor in
                          deciding who controls the entity. Structured entities generally have restricted activities and a narrow and well-defined
                          objective which is created through contractual arrangement. Depending on the Group's power over the relevant activities
                          of the structured entity and its exposure to and ability to influence its own returns, it may or may not consolidate
                          the entity.
                          Unconsolidated structured entities refer to all structured entities that are not controlled by the Group. The Group
                          enters into transactions with unconsolidated structured entities in the normal course of business to facilitate customer
                          transactions or for specific investment opportunities.
                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate
                          Interests in unconsolidated structured entities include, but are not limited to, debt and equity investments, guarantees,
                          liquidity arrangements, commitments, fees from investment structures, and derivative instruments that expose the Group                  Governance
                          to the risks of the unconsolidated structured entities. Interests do not include plain vanilla derivatives (e.g., interest rate          Statement
                          swaps and cross currency swaps) and positions where the Group:
                          •    creates rather than absorbs variability of the unconsolidated structured entity,
                          •    provides administrative, trustee or other services as agent to third party managed structured entities.


                                                                                                                                                                      Risk
                          Involvement is considered on a case by case basis, taking into account the nature of the structured entity’s activities. This
                          excludes involvement that exists only because of typical customer-supplier relationships.


                                                                                                                                                                   management
                          Assets held for sale
                          Non-current assets are classified as held for sale if they will be recovered primarily through sale rather than through
                          continuing use and where it is considered highly probable that the contracted sale will be completed within 12 months.



                        (a) Investments in controlled entities

                                                                                                                                                                     Report of
                        The following table presents the material controlled entities as at 30 September 2025:



                                                                                                                                                                   the Directors
                                                                                                                                            Incorporated /
                         Entity name                                                                                         Ownership %         formed in
                         National Equities Limited                                                                                    100          Australia
                          National Australia Group (NZ) Limited                                                                       100      New Zealand
                              Bank of New Zealand                                                                                     100      New Zealand




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report
                        Significant restrictions
                        Subsidiary companies that are subject to prudential regulation are required to maintain minimum capital and other regulatory
                        requirements that may restrict the ability of these entities to make distributions of cash or other assets to the parent company.
                        These restrictions are managed in accordance with the Group’s normal risk management policies set out in Note 19 Financial risk
                        management and capital adequacy requirements in Note 35 Capital adequacy.




                                                                                                                                                                    Additional

                                                                                                                                                                   information




                                                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report   221
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 31 Interest in subsidiaries and other entities (cont.)

                        (b) Investments in associates and joint ventures

                                                                                                                                             Group
                                                                                                 2025               2024       Ownership as
                                                                                                                                at 30 Sep              Country of
                                                                                                   $m                 $m          2025               incorporation     Principal activity
                         Entity name
                         MLC Life(1)                                                                  -              237                     20%          Australia         Life insurance
                         FirstCape NZ                                                              313               301                     45%      New Zealand     Wealth management
                         Total                                                                     313               538
                         (1) During the year MLC Life was reclassified as a held for sale asset. Refer to section (e) for further details.


                        Transactions
                        There are commercial agreements between BNZ and FirstCape NZ, under which fees are charged by FirstCape NZ to BNZ for
                        managing specific BNZ branded wealth products, and fees are also charged by BNZ to FirstCape NZ for distributing specific BNZ
                        branded wealth products. Separately, BNZ provides banking services to FirstCape NZ, interest and fees are charged on these
                        services. All services are provided on an arm’s length basis.

                        (c) Consolidated structured entities




For personal use only
                        The Group has interests in the following types of consolidated structured entities:

                         Type                                Details
                         Securitisation                      The Group engages in securitisation activities for funding, liquidity and capital management purposes.
                                                             The Group principally packages and sells residential mortgage loans as securities to investors through a
                                                             series of bankruptcy remote securitisation vehicles. The Group is entitled to any residual income after
                                                             all payments to investors and costs related to the program have been met. The note holders only have
                                                             recourse to the pool of assets. The Group is considered to hold the majority of the residual risks and
                                                             benefits of the vehicles. All relevant financial assets continue to be held on the Group balance sheet, and a
                                                             liability is recognised for the proceeds of the funding transaction.
                                                             The Group provides liquidity facilities to the securitisation vehicles. These facilities can only be drawn to
                                                             manage the timing mismatch of cash inflows from securitised loans and cash outflows due to investors.
                                                             The Group also provides redraw facilities to certain securitisation vehicles to manage the timing mismatch
                                                             of principal collections from securitised loans and cash outflows in respect of customer redraws. The
                                                             aggregate limit of these liquidity and redraw facilities as at 30 September 2025 is $1,116 million (2024:
                                                             $1,351 million).
                         Covered bonds                       The Group is entitled to any residual income after all payments due to covered bonds investors and costs
                                                             related to the program have been met. Residential mortgage loans are assigned to a bankruptcy remote
                                                             structured entity, which provides guarantees on the payments to covered bondholders. The covered
                                                             bondholders have recourse to the Group and, following certain trigger events including payment default,
                                                             the covered pool of assets.


                        (d) Unconsolidated structured entities
                        The Group has interests in the following types of unconsolidated structured entities:

                         Type                                Details
                         Securitisation                      The Group engages with third party (client) securitisation vehicles by providing warehouse facilities, liquidity
                                                             support and derivatives. The Group invests in residential mortgage and asset-backed securities.
                         Other financing                     The Group provides tailored lending to limited recourse single purpose vehicles which are established to
                                                             facilitate asset financing for clients. The assets are pledged as collateral to the Group. The Group engages
                                                             in raising finance for leasing assets such as aircraft, trains, shipping vessels and other infrastructure
                                                             assets. The Group may act as a lender, arranger or derivative counterparty to these vehicles.
                                                             Other financing transactions are generally senior, secured self-liquidating facilities in compliance with
                                                             Group credit lending policies. Regular credit and financial reviews of the borrowers are conducted to ensure
                                                             collateral is sufficient to support the Group’s maximum exposures.
                         Investment funds                    The Group has direct interests in unconsolidated investment funds. The Group’s interests include holding
                                                             units and receiving fees for services. The Group’s interest in unconsolidated investment funds is immaterial.




                        222   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 31 Interest in subsidiaries and other entities (cont.)

                        The table below shows the carrying value and maximum exposure to loss of the Group’s interests in unconsolidated
                        structured entities:

                                                                                                                                           Group                                                                About

                                                                                                                                                                                                             this report
                                                                                          Securitisations                           Other financing                                   Total
                                                                                            2025                2024                  2025                2024                  2025              2024
                                                                                              $m                  $m                    $m                   $m                    $m              $m
                         Loans and advances(1)                                            25,381               23,663                3,961                2,942               29,342             26,605
                         Debt instruments                                                  1,651                2,767                      -                   -                1,651             2,767


                                                                                                                                                                                                             Our business
                         Total carrying value of assets in
                         unconsolidated structured entities(1)                            27,032               26,430                3,961                2,942               30,993             29,372
                         Commitment / contingencies            (1)
                                                                                           8,505                8,116                   586                 219                 9,091             8,335

                                                                                                                                                                                                                in 2025
                         Total maximum exposure to loss in
                         unconsolidated structured entities(1)                            35,537               34,546                4,547                3,161               40,084             37,707
                         (1) Comparative information has been restated to align to the classification in the current period.


                        Exposure to loss is managed as part of the Group's RMF. The Group’s maximum exposure to loss is the total of its on-balance
                        sheet positions and its off-balance sheet arrangements, being loan commitments, financial guarantees, and liquidity support.




                                                                                                                                                                                                               Creating value




For personal use only
                        Consequently, the Group has presented these measures rather than the total assets of the unconsolidated structured entities.
                        Refer to Note 19 Financial risk management for further details. Income earned from interests in unconsolidated structured
                        entities primarily results from interest income, mark-to-market movements and fees and commissions.
                        The majority of the Group’s exposures are senior investment grade, but in some limited cases, the Group may be required to
                        absorb losses from unconsolidated structured entities before other parties because the Group’s interests are subordinated
                        to others in the ownership structure. The table below shows the credit quality of the Group’s exposures in unconsolidated
                        structured entities:

                                                                                                                                           Group
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Corporate
                                                                                          Securitisations                           Other financing                                   Total
                                                                                            2025                2024                  2025                2024                  2025              2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Governance
                                                                                              $m                  $m                    $m                   $m                    $m              $m        Statement
                         Senior investment grade(1)                                       26,759               26,146                   838               1,051               27,597             27,197
                         Investment grade(1)                                                  273                 281                2,471                1,618                 2,744             1,899
                         Sub-investment grade                                                    -                   3                  652                 273                   652              276


                                                                                                                                                                                                                Risk
                         Total (1)(2)
                                                                                          27,032               26,430                3,961                2,942               30,993             29,372
                         (1) Comparative information has been restated to align to the classification in the current period.



                                                                                                                                                                                                             management
                         (2) Of the total, $30,899 million (2024: $29,230 million) represents the Group's interest in senior notes and $94 million in subordinated notes (2024: $142 million).


                        (e) Assets held for sale
                        The Group's investment in MLC Life is classified as held for sale, as NAB has entered into an agreement to sell its remaining
                        20 per cent stake in MLC Life to Nippon Life. The investment is included in Corporate Functions and Other. On 31 October 2025,
                        the Group completed the disposal of its remaining stake in MLC Life. Refer to Note 37 Events subsequent to reporting date for


                                                                                                                                                                                                               Report of
                        further details.




                                                                                                                                                                                                             the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                                               Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                                              Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                             information




                                                                                                                                                                                2025 Annual Report    223
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 32
                        Related party disclosures
                        The Group provides a range of services to related parties including the provision of banking facilities and standby financing
                        arrangements. Other dealings include granting loans and accepting deposits, and the provision of finance. These transactions
                        are normally entered into on terms equivalent to those that prevail on an arm’s length basis in the ordinary course of business.
                        Other transactions with controlled entities may involve provision of data processing services or access to intellectual or other
                        intangible property rights. Charges for these transactions are normally on an arm’s length basis or are otherwise on the basis of
                        equitable rates agreed between the parties. The Company also provides various administrative services to the Group, which may
                        include accounting, secretarial and legal. Fees may be charged for these services.
                        Loans made to subsidiaries are generally entered into on terms equivalent to those that prevail on an arm’s length basis, except
                        that there are often no fixed repayment terms for the settlement of loans between parties. Outstanding balances are unsecured
                        and are repayable in cash.
                        The Company may incur costs on behalf of controlled entities in respect of customer-related remediation, regulatory activity,
                        compliance investigations and associated proceedings. Refer to Note 30 Commitments and contingent liabilities for further
                        details in respect of these matters.

                        Subsidiaries
                        The table below shows the net amounts payable to subsidiaries for the years ended 30 September:

                                                                                                                                                  Company




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                2025        2024
                                                                                                                                                  $m          $m
                         Balance at beginning of year                                                                                           (791)        (482)
                         Net cash outflows                                                                                                     4,416          770
                         Net foreign currency translation movements and other amounts receivable                                                  93        (1,079)
                         Balance at end of year                                                                                                3,718         (791)


                        The table below shows material transactions with subsidiaries for the years ended 30 September:

                                                                                                                                                  Company
                                                                                                                                                2025        2024
                                                                                                                                                  $m          $m
                         Net interest expense                                                                                                  (1,083)      (1,222)
                         Net management fees (expense)                                                                                          (829)        (476)
                         Dividend revenue                                                                                                      2,400        3,105


                        Superannuation plans
                        The following payments were made to superannuation plans sponsored by the Group:

                                                                                                                                Group             Company
                                                                                                                             2025       2024    2025        2024
                         Payment to:                                                                                          $m         $m       $m          $m
                         National Australia Bank Group Superannuation Fund A(1)                                               231        227     231          227
                         Other                                                                                                 10         11      10           11
                         (1) Comparative information has been restated to align to the presentation in the current period.


                        Transactions between the Group and superannuation plans sponsored by the Group were made on commercial terms
                        and conditions.




                        224   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 32 Related party disclosures (cont.)

                        Key Management Personnel (KMP)
                        The list of the Company's KMP is assessed each year and comprises the non-executive directors of the Company, the Group CEO

                                                                                                                                                                      About
                        (an executive director of the Company) and those employees of the Group who have authority and responsibility for planning,
                        directing and controlling the activities of both the Company and the Group. Details of KMP are set out in Section 6.1 and Section
                        7.3 of the Remuneration Report included in the Report of the Directors.
                                                                                                                                                                   this report
                        Remuneration
                        Total remuneration of KMP is included within total personnel expenses in Note 5 Operating expenses. The total remuneration is
                        as follows:



                                                                                                                                                                   Our business
                                                                                                                                2025                   2024
                                                                                                                                   $                        $


                                                                                                                                                                      in 2025
                         Short-term benefits
                          Cash salary                                                                                     17,173,597              17,132,887
                          Variable reward cash                                                                             5,586,708               5,881,820
                          Non-monetary                                                                                       598,444                128,670
                         Post-employment benefits




                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value
                          Superannuation                                                                                     626,310                604,197




For personal use only
                         Other long-term benefits
                          Other long-term benefits                                                                           190,100                211,734
                         Equity-based benefits
                          Shares                                                                                           1,812,941                746,980
                          Performance rights                                                                              12,156,768              26,953,189
                         Other
                          Other remuneration                                                                                 677,000                881,463
                         Total                                                                                            38,821,868              52,540,940       Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                  Governance
                        Performance rights and shareholdings of KMP are set out in the Remuneration Report included in the Report of the Directors.
                                                                                                                                                                   Statement
                        Loans to KMP and their related parties
                        During the 2025 financial year, loans made to KMP and other related parties of the Group and Company were $18 million (2024:
                        $9 million). Loans to non-executive directors of the Company are made in the ordinary course of business on terms equivalent to
                        those that prevail in arm's length transactions. Loans to the Group CEO and Group Executives may be made on similar terms and

                                                                                                                                                                      Risk
                        conditions generally available to other employees of the Group. Loans may be secured or unsecured depending on the nature of
                        the lending product advanced. As at 30 September 2025, the total loan balances outstanding were $68 million (2024: $66 million).

                                                                                                                                                                   management
                        No amounts were written off in respect of any loans made to directors or other KMP of the Group and Company during the
                        current or prior reporting period.
                        Further details regarding loans advanced to KMP of the Group and Company are included in the Remuneration Report within the
                        Report of the Directors.



                                                                                                                                                                     Report of

                                                                                                                                                                   the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                    Additional

                                                                                                                                                                   information




                                                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report   225
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 33
                        Remuneration of external auditor
                                                                                                                                              Group                          Company
                                                                                                                                          2025           2024              2025           2024
                                                                                                                                         $'000           $'000            $'000           $'000
                         EY Australia - consolidated entities
                         Audit services                                                                                                 14,551          13,323          12,272           10,992
                         Total audit services                                                                                           14,551          13,323          12,272           10,992
                         Audit-related services
                           Other statutory assurance services(1)                                                                         5,075           4,857            4,756           4,549
                           Other assurance services(2)                                                                                   1,452           1,270            1,415           1,234
                         Total audit-related services                                                                                    6,527           6,127            6,171           5,783
                         Other services
                           Taxation-related services                                                                                       400               41             400              41
                           Non-audit services(3)                                                                                               -              6                -                 6
                         Total other services                                                                                              400               47             400              47




For personal use only
                         Total Australia                                                                                                21,478          19,497          18,843           16,822


                         EY Overseas - consolidated entities
                         Audit services                                                                                                  4,145           4,103            1,800           1,874
                         Total audit services                                                                                            4,145           4,103            1,800           1,874
                         Audit-related services
                           Other statutory assurance services(1)                                                                           341             439              264             428
                           Other assurance services(2)                                                                                     481             387                 -                 -
                         Total audit-related services                                                                                      822             826              264             428
                         Other services
                           Taxation-related services                                                                                          9               8                -                 -
                           Non-audit services(3)                                                                                             11              13                -                 -
                         Total other services                                                                                                20              21                -                 -


                         Total Overseas                                                                                                  4,987           4,950            2,064           2,302


                         Total Australia and Overseas                                                                                   26,465          24,447          20,907           19,124
                         Fees paid to the external auditor for services to non-consolidated entities of
                         the Group                                                                                                         149             215                 -                 -
                         Total remuneration paid to the external auditor                                                                26,614          24,662          20,907           19,124
                         (1) Other statutory assurance services relate to engagements required under prudential standards and other legislative or regulatory requirements.
                         (2) Other assurance services include assurance and attestation relating to climate and sustainability reporting, comfort letters over financing programmes as well as
                             agreed upon procedures.
                         (3) The Audit Committee considered all non-audit services and were satisfied that these are compatible with maintaining audit independence.


                        Total remuneration paid to another audit firm where EY is in a joint audit arrangement for the audit of a Group subsidiary is
                        $112,000 (2024: $108,000).
                        A description of the Audit Committee’s pre-approval policies and procedures are set out in Assurance and Control in the
                        Corporate Governance Statement and included in the Report of the Directors.




                        226   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 34
                        Equity-based plans

                           Accounting policy
                           The value of shares and rights provided to employees are measured by reference to their grant date fair value. The grant date fair value of each share is determined by the market
                           value of NAB shares and is generally a five-day weighted average share price. The grant date fair value of shares and rights with market performance hurdles is determined using a
                           simulated version of the Black-Scholes model.
                           With the exception of general employee shares in Australia, the expense for each tranche of shares or rights granted is recognised in the income statement on a straight-line basis,




For personal use only
                           adjusted for forfeitures, over the vesting period for the shares or rights. The expense for general employee shares in Australia is recognised in the income statement in the year the
                           shares are granted as they are not subject to forfeiture. A corresponding increase is recorded in the equity-based compensation reserve.

                           Critical accounting judgements and estimates
                           The key estimates and inputs used in the Black-Scholes model vary depending on the award and type of security granted. They include the NAB share price at the time of the grant,
                           exercise price of the rights (which is nil), the expected volatility of NAB’s share price, the risk-free interest rate and the expected dividend yield on NAB shares for the life of the rights.
                           When estimating expected volatility, historic daily share prices are analysed to arrive at annual and cumulative historic volatility estimates (which may be adjusted for any abnormal
                           periods or non-recurring significant events). Trends in the data are analysed to estimate volatility movements in the future for use in the numeric pricing model. The simulated version
                           of the Black-Scholes model takes into account both the probability of achieving market performance conditions and the potential for early exercise of vested rights.
                           While market performance conditions are incorporated into the grant date fair values, non-market conditions are not taken into account when determining the fair value and expected
                           time to vesting of shares and rights. Instead, non-market conditions are taken into account by adjusting the number of shares and rights included in the measurement of the expense
                           so that the amount recognised in the income statement reflects the number of shares or rights that actually vest.



                        Under the Group’s employee equity plans, employees of the Group are awarded shares and rights. An employee’s right to participate in a plan is often dependent on their performance or the
                        performance of the Group, and shares and rights awarded under the plans are often subject to service and/or performance conditions.
                        Generally, a right entitles its holder to be allocated one share when the right vests and is exercised. However, under certain bespoke plans, a right entitles its holder to be allocated a number
                        of shares equal to a predetermined value on vesting and exercise of the right.
                        The Board determines the maximum total value of shares or rights offered under each plan having regard to the rules of the relevant plan and, where required, the method used in calculating
                        the fair value per security. Under ASX Listing Rules, shares and rights may not be issued to the Company's directors under an employee equity plan without specific shareholder approval.
                        Under the terms of most offers, there is a period during which shares are held on trust for the employee they are allocated to and cannot be dealt with, or rights granted to an employee
                        cannot be exercised, by that employee. There may be forfeiture or lapse conditions which apply to shares or rights allocated to an employee (as described below), including as a result of
                        the employee ceasing employment with the Group during those periods or conduct standards not being met. Shares allocated to employees are eligible for any cash dividends paid by the
                        Company on those shares from the time those shares are allocated to the trustee on their behalf. Rights granted to employees are not eligible for any cash dividends paid by the Company.
                        In some limited circumstances, there may be a cash dividend equivalent payment made in the event that rights vest.
                        The table below sets out details of the Group’s employee equity plans that are offered on a regular basis. As noted above, the Group also offers bespoke plans in certain circumstances,
                        including in connection with material transactions, as a retention mechanism and to encourage the achievement of certain specific business growth targets.




                                                                                                                                                                                                         2025 Annual Report   227
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 34 Equity-based plans (cont.)

                                                                      Long-term Variable       Long-term Incentive
                                                                     Reward (LTVR) (Up to      (LTI) - LTEA and LTVR        Annual Equity           Commencement               Recognition/              General
                                             Variable Reward (VR)    30 September 2023)       (From 1 October 2023)          Award (AEA)               awards                Retention awards         employee shares
                         Description        A proportion of an       LTVRs (including         LTI consists of two       Annual awards of          Provided to enable       Offered to key           Shares up to a
                                            employee’s annual VR     prior year Long-         equally weighted          deferred shares           the buy-out of equity    individuals in roles     target value of
                                            is provided in equity    term Incentive (LTI)     components:               under the AEA to          or other incentives      where retention          $1,000 are offered to
                                            and is deferred for a    grants) are awarded      Long-term Equity          create shareholder        from an employee’s       is critical over         eligible employees.
                                            specified period. The    to encourage long-       Award (LTEA) -            alignment, drive          previous employment.     the medium-term
                                            deferred amount and      term decision-making     Represents the non-       continued sustainable                              (generally between




For personal use only
                                            the deferral period      critical to creating     financial measure         performance and                                    two and three years).
                                            is different based       long-term value          component of LTI,         emphasise focus on
                                            on the incentive         for shareholders         focused on risk. It       risk management and
                                            plan participated in,    through the use of       is awarded to ensure      good conduct and
                                            and the level of         challenging long-term    risk management is        behaviour outcomes.
                                            risk, responsibility     performance hurdles.     front of mind in making   Deferred shares are
                                            and seniority of                                  long-term decisions       subject to restrictions
                                            the employees.                                    and encourage the         and certain forfeiture
                                            VR was referred to as                             creation of safe,         or lapsing conditions,
                                            ‘short-term incentive’                            sustainable growth in     including forfeiture or
                                            before the 2019                                   shareholder value.        lapsing on resignation
                                            financial year.                                                             from the Group, or
                                                                                              Long-term Variable        if conduct standards
                                                                                              Reward (LTVR) -           are not met.
                                                                                              Represents the
                                                                                              financial measure
                                                                                              component of LTI.
                                                                                              It is awarded
                                                                                              to encourage long-
                                                                                              term decision-making
                                                                                              critical to creating
                                                                                              long-term value
                                                                                              for shareholders.
                         Eligibility        Certain employees        The ELT up to and        The ELT from              Certain employees         Provided on a case       Provided on a case       Permanent employees
                                            based in Australia       including the 2023       the 2024 financial        appointed to roles        by case basis, with      by case basis, with      in Australia.
                                            and certain              financial year (except   year onwards,             classified as Group       the recommendation       the recommendation
                                            overseas jurisdictions   for the 2018 financial   subject to pre-           5 and Group 6, as         of the People            of the People
                                            having regard to         year when no LTVRs       grant assessments         defined in the NAB        & Remuneration           & Remuneration
                                            their individual         were awarded).           undertaken by             Enterprise Agreement      Committee and the        Committee and the
                                            performance and                                   the Board.                2024, based in            approval of the Board.   approval of the Board.
                                            the performance of                                                          Australia and certain
                                            the Group.                                                                  overseas jurisdictions.




                        228   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 34 Equity-based plans (cont.)

                                                                    Long-term Variable       Long-term Incentive
                                                                   Reward (LTVR) (Up to      (LTI) - LTEA and LTVR       Annual Equity           Commencement                Recognition/               General
                                           Variable Reward (VR)    30 September 2023)       (From 1 October 2023)         Award (AEA)               awards                 Retention awards          employee shares
                         Type of       Generally shares.           Performance rights       Performance rights       Generally shares          Generally shares.         Generally shares.         Shares
                         equity-       However, rights are                                                                                     However, rights are       However, rights are
                         based         also granted for                                                                                        also granted in           also granted in
                         payment       jurisdictional reasons.                                                                                 some circumstances.       some circumstances.
                         Service       Deferred shares or          During the vesting       During the               Deferred shares are       Shares or rights are      Shares or rights are      Shares are subject
                         conditions    rights are forfeited        period, all of           performance period       subject to restrictions   subject to restrictions   subject to restrictions   to restrictions on




For personal use only
                         and           or lapsed during the        an executive’s           and post-vesting         and certain forfeiture    and certain forfeiture    and certain forfeiture    dealing for three years
                         performance   vesting period if:          performance rights       deferral period, all     or lapsing conditions,    or lapsing conditions,    or lapsing conditions,    and are not subject
                         hurdles       •     The                   will lapse on            of an executive’s        including forfeiture or   including forfeiture or   including forfeiture or   to forfeiture.
                                             employee resigns.     the executive’s          performance rights       lapsing on resignation    lapsing on resignation    lapsing on resignation
                                                                   resignation from the     will lapse on            from the Group, or        from the Group or         from the Group or
                                       •     The employee          Group. Performance       the executive’s          if conduct standards      if conduct standards      if conduct standards
                                             does not meet         rights will also lapse   resignation from         are not met.              are not met.              are not met.
                                             conduct standards.    if conduct standards     the Group.
                                       •     The employee's        or performance           Performance rights
                                             employment with       hurdles are not          will also lapse if
                                             the Group             met. The Board has       risk management,
                                             is terminated,        absolute discretion      conduct standards
                                             subject to            to determine             or performance
                                             certain exclusions.   vesting or lapsing       hurdles are not
                                                                   outcomes for the         met. The Board has
                                                                   performance rights.      absolute discretion
                                                                                            to determine
                                                                                            vesting or lapsing
                                                                                            outcomes for the
                                                                                            performance rights.




                                                                                                                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report   229
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 34 Equity-based plans (cont.)

                                                                            Long-term Variable       Long-term Incentive
                                                                           Reward (LTVR) (Up to      (LTI) - LTEA and LTVR           Annual Equity           Commencement                Recognition/             General
                                                Variable Reward (VR)       30 September 2023)       (From 1 October 2023)             Award (AEA)               awards                 Retention awards        employee shares
                         Vesting,           Defined period which          Defined period set        Defined performance        Defined period set         Defined period set         Defined period set at   Three years.
                         performance        differs based on the          at time of grant,         period of four years,      at time of grant.          at time of grant,          time of grant.
                         or deferral        VR plan participated          generally between         followed by a further      Deferred Shares vest       based on satisfactory
                         period             in and the employee's         four and five years.      two years (for CEO) or     in equal tranches over     evidence of foregone
                                            seniority. The period                                   one year (all other ELT)   three years.               awards from
                                            aligns with the level                                   restriction period.                                   previous employment.




For personal use only
                                            of risk, impact of                                      A risk and conduct
                                            the role on business                                    assessment will be
                                            performance and                                         undertaken by the
                                            results and regulatory                                  Board prior to vesting.
                                            requirements. The
                                            vesting period will
                                            generally be between
                                            one and seven years.
                         Exercise           If the applicable             Performance rights        Performance rights         n/a                        If the applicable          If the applicable       n/a
                         period (only       conditions are met,           will be automatically     will be automatically                                 conditions are met,        conditions are met,
                         applicable for     deferred rights will          exercised if they vest.   exercised if they vest.                               rights will vest and       rights will vest and
                         rights)            vest and each right will                                                                                      each right will be         each right will be
                                            be automatically                                                                                              automatically              automatically
                                            exercised.                                                                                                    exercised.                 exercised.
                                            n/a for share grants.                                                                                         n/a for share grants.      n/a for share grants.
                         Board              The Board regularly reviews Group performance for risk, reputation, conduct and performance considerations and has the ability to:                               n/a
                         discretion         •     Extend the vesting, performance or deferral period beyond the original period for the ELT, other Accountable Persons and, in certain circumstances,
                                                  other employees.
                                            •     Forfeit or lapse the deferred shares or rights.
                                            •     Clawback the deferred shares or rights from the ELT, other Accountable Persons and in certain circumstances, other employees.
                                            In addition, the Board generally has discretion to determine the treatment of unvested shares and rights at the time a change of control event occurs.
                                            Vesting of shares and rights will not be automatic or accelerated and the Board will retain discretion in relation to the vesting outcome including absolute
                                            discretion to forfeit all shares and rights.




                        230   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 34 Equity-based plans (cont.)

                        Employee share plan

                                                                                                                                                        2025                                                                             2024
                                                                                                                              Fully paid ordinary shares                Weighted average                       Fully paid ordinary shares               Weighted average
                                                                                                                                granted during the year               grant date fair value                      granted during the year              grant date fair value
                                                                                                                                                           No.                                 $                                             No.                               $
                         Employee share plans




For personal use only
                         Annual Equity Award                                                                                                         971,761                             38.13                                         908,428                            29.01
                         Commencement and Recognition Award                                                                                          348,743                             38.83                                         302,673                            33.10
                         General Employee Share Offer                                                                                                650,100                             38.88                                         827,475                            29.71
                         Long-Term Incentive     (1)
                                                                                                                                                        2,573                            37.63                                                 -                               -
                         Variable Reward Deferred Shares                                                                                            1,534,038                            38.11                                       2,791,448                            27.88
                         (1) NAB Ventures LTI shares granted on 16 December 2024.


                        The closing market price of NAB shares as at 30 September 2025 was $44.15 (2024: $37.35). The 5-day volume weighted average share price during the year ended 30 September 2025 was
                        $43.52 (2024: $33.26).

                        Rights movements

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2025                                 2024
                         Number of rights
                         Opening balance as at 1 October                                                                                                                                                                       4,312,846                              3,846,620
                         Granted(1)                                                                                                                                                                                              779,920                              1,253,851
                         Forfeited(1)                                                                                                                                                                                           (233,963)                              (204,536)
                         Exercised                                                                                                                                                                                            (1,403,995)                              (583,089)
                         Closing balance as at 30 September                                                                                                                                                                    3,454,808                              4,312,846
                         Exercisable as at 30 September                                                                                                                                                                                  -                                     -
                         (1) Where rights have been allocated or forfeited to a predetermined value, the total number granted or forfeited has been estimated using a share price of $43.52, being the 5-day volume weighted average share price of NAB shares during the financial
                             year ended 30 September 2025 (2024: $33.26).


                                                                                                                                                    2025                                                                               2024
                                                                                                                                                                      Weighted average                                                                   Weighted average
                                                                                                                      Outstanding at 30 Sep                               remaining life                 Outstanding at 30 Sep                               remaining life
                                                                                                                                              No.                                  months                                        No.                                   months
                         Terms and conditions
                         Market hurdle                                                                                                1,956,187                                           18                               2,886,199                                          18
                         Non-market hurdle(1)                                                                                            562,010                                          40                                 427,505                                          46
                         Individual hurdle(1)                                                                                            936,611                                          17                                 999,142                                          18
                         (1) Where rights have been allocated or forfeited to a predetermined value, the total number granted or forfeited has been estimated using a share price of $43.52, being the 5-day volume weighted average share price of NAB shares during the financial
                             year ended 30 September 2025 (2024: $33.26).




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report      231
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 34 Equity-based plans (cont.)

                        Information on fair value calculation
                        The table below shows the significant assumptions used as inputs into the grant date fair value calculation of rights granted during each of the last two years. In the following table, values
                        have been presented as weighted averages, but the specific values for each grant are used for the fair value calculation. The table also shows a ‘no hurdle’ value for rights that do not have
                        any market-based performance hurdles attached. The 'no hurdle' value is calculated as the grant date fair value of the rights, and in most instances is adjusted for expected dividends over
                        the vesting period.

                                                                                                                                                                                     2025                         2024




For personal use only
                         Weighted average values
                         Contractual life (years)                                                                                                                                     3.8                           3.4
                         Risk-free interest rate (per annum) (%)                                                                                                                     3.91                          3.87
                         Expected volatility of share price (%)                                                                                                                        19                           15
                         Closing share price on grant date ($)                                                                                                                      37.20                         31.30
                         Dividend yield (per annum) (%)                                                                                                                              4.54                          5.31
                         Fair value of rights with a market hurdle ($)                                                                                                              15.12                         18.40
                         Fair value of rights without a market hurdle ($)                                                                                                           32.31                         25.72
                         Expected time to vesting (years)                                                                                                                            3.85                          3.39




                        232   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 35
                        Capital adequacy
                        As an Authorised Deposit-taking Institution (ADI), the Company is subject to regulation by APRA under the authority of the Banking
                        Act 1959 (Cth). APRA has set minimum prudential capital requirements (PCR) for ADIs consistent with the Basel Committee on

                                                                                                                                                                             About
                        Banking Supervision capital adequacy framework. PCR are expressed as a percentage of total RWA. APRA requirements are
                        summarised below:

                         CET1 capital                                  Tier 1 capital                                Total capital
                                                                                                                                                                          this report
                         The highest quality component of capital.     CET1 capital plus AT1 capital.                Tier 1 capital plus Tier 2 capital.
                         CET1 capital ranks behind the claims of       AT1 capital comprises high quality            Tier 2 capital includes components of
                         depositors and other creditors in the event   components of capital that provide a          capital that, to varying degrees, fall
                         of a winding-up of the issuer, absorbs        permanent and unrestricted commitment         short of the quality of Tier 1 capital
                         losses as and when they occur, has full

                                                                                                                                                                          Our business
                                                                       of funds, are freely available to absorb      but nonetheless contribute to the overall
                         flexibility of dividend payments and has      losses, rank behind the claims of             strength of an ADI and its capacity to
                         no maturity date. CET1 capital consists of    depositors and other more senior              absorb losses.
                         paid-up ordinary share capital, retained

                                                                                                                                                                             in 2025
                                                                       creditors in the event of winding up of the
                         profits and certain other items as defined    issuer, and provide for fully discretionary
                         in APS 111 Capital Adequacy: Measurement      capital distributions.
                         of Capital.


                        Reporting levels
                        Regulatory capital requirements are measured on a Level 1 and Level 2 basis. Level 1 comprises the Company and Extended




                                                                                                                                                                            Creating value




For personal use only
                        Licenced Entities approved by APRA. Level 2 comprises the Company and the entities it controls, excluding securitisation special
                        purpose vehicles (SPVs) to which assets have been transferred in accordance with the requirements for regulatory capital relief
                        in APS 120 Securitisation and funds management entities.

                        APRA minimum requirements
                        APRA’s revised capital framework has applied since 1 January 2023. Under this framework, APRA’s minimum PCR as a percentage
                        of the ADI’s total RWA are: 4.5% of RWA for CET1 capital, 6% for Tier 1 capital and 8% for Total Capital. Under APRA's loss-absorbing
                        capacity framework, APRA has required domestic systemically important banks (D-SIBs), which includes the Company, to hold
                        incremental Total capital equal to 3% of risk-weighted assets (RWA) since 1 January 2024. The requirement increases by 1.5% (to a
                        total of 4.5%) of RWA on 1 January 2026. Based on the Group’s RWA and Total Capital position at 30 September 2025, the 4.5% of RWA                Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                         Governance
                        Total capital requirement has been met.
                        An ADI must hold a capital conservation buffer comprised of CET1 capital above the PCR. The capital conservation buffer is 4.75%
                        of the ADI’s total RWA, which includes an additional 1% for D-SIBs.                                                                               Statement
                        In addition, APRA requires the Group to hold a countercyclical capital buffer set on a jurisdictional basis, with a default setting of
                        1% for Australia.
                        In December 2024, APRA confirmed it will phase out the use of Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital from 1 January 2027. Under APRA’s

                                                                                                                                                                             Risk
                        approach, large, internationally active banks including NAB will replace 1.5% AT1 capital with 0.25% Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1)
                        capital and 1.25% Tier 2 capital. Until 2032, existing AT1 capital instruments will be eligible to be included as Tier 2 capital until
                        their first call date. This change is intended to ensure that the capital strength of the Australian banking system operates more

                                                                                                                                                                          management
                        effectively in a stress scenario. APRA plans to finalise amendments to prudential standards to reflect the change by the end of
                        2025. As at 30 September 2025, NAB’s Tier 1 capital ratio is 13.74% and complies with APRA’s Tier 1 requirement of 11.75%.
                        APRA may determine higher PCRs for an ADI and may change an ADI’s PCRs at any time. A breach of the required ratios under APRA's
                        prudential standards may trigger legally enforceable directions by APRA, which can include a direction to raise additional capital.

                        Capital management
                        The Group’s capital management strategy is focused on adequacy, efficiency and flexibility. The capital adequacy objective                          Report of
                        seeks to ensure sufficient capital is held in excess of regulatory requirements, and within the Group’s balance sheet risk

                                                                                                                                                                          the Directors
                        appetite. This approach is consistent across the Group’s subsidiaries.
                        Capital ratios are monitored against operating targets that are set by the Board above minimum capital requirements set
                        by APRA.
                        The Group’s capital ratio operating targets are regularly reviewed in the context of the external economic and regulatory outlook




                                                                                                                                                                            Financial report
                        with the objective of maintaining balance sheet strength.
                        During the year, the Group’s CET1 ratio operating target was increased by 25bps to greater than 11.25% to reflect APRA’s decision
                        to phase out AT1 capital from January 2027.




                                                                                                                                                                           Additional

                                                                                                                                                                          information




                                                                                                                                              2025 Annual Report   233
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 36
                        Notes to the statement of cash flows
                        Reconciliation of net profit attributable to owners the Company to net cash provided by / (used in) operating activities

                                                                                                        Group                      Company
                                                                                                    2025          2024           2025          2024
                                                                                                      $m            $m             $m              $m
                         Net profit attributable to owners of the Company                           6,759         6,960         6,367          6,894
                         Add / (deduct) non-cash items in the income statement:
                          (Increase) / decrease in interest receivable                               414           (210)          363          (194)
                          Increase / (decrease) in interest payable                                (1,018)         964           (860)             807
                          Increase / (decrease) in unearned income and deferred net
                          fee income                                                                   (4)         552             42              594
                          Fair value movements on assets, liabilities and derivatives held at
                          fair value                                                                2,826          (872)        1,895          (836)
                          Increase in provisions                                                    1,272         1,080         1,099          1,005
                          Equity-based compensation recognised in equity or reserves                 143           149            143              149
                          Superannuation costs - defined benefit plans                                 (1)           (5)            (3)             (7)
                          Impairment losses on non-financial assets                                   10            10             78              11




For personal use only
                          Credit impairment charge                                                   883           836            850              709
                          Gain on disposal of loans and advances                                       (4)           (2)            (4)             (2)
                          Depreciation and amortisation expense                                     1,360         1,310         1,110          1,058
                          Decrease in other assets                                                   306            93            204                1
                          Increase / (decrease) in other liabilities                                 106           (100)          137               94
                          Increase / (decrease) in income tax payable                               (212)           80           (197)             (96)
                          (Increase) in deferred tax assets                                         (154)          (212)         (162)         (180)
                          Increase in deferred tax liabilities                                        27            59             15              15
                         Operating cash flow items not included in profit                          (4,307)      (46,176)        (2,668)      (42,339)
                         Investing or financing cash flows included in profit
                          Gain on sale of controlled entities, before income tax                     (40)          (407)         (111)              (2)
                          Loss on sale of other debt and equity instruments                          136            97            136               97
                          Loss on sale of property, plant, equipment and other assets                   9           13             10               14
                         Net cash provided by / (used in) operating activities                      8,511       (35,781)        8,444        (32,208)




                        234   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 36 Notes to the statement of cash flows (cont.)

                        Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                 Group                                           Company
                                                              Bonds‚ notes and              Debt     Lease        Bonds‚ notes and            Debt     Lease             About
                                                             subordinated debt            issued liabilities     subordinated debt          issued liabilities
                                                                             At                                                  At                                   this report
                                                            At fair   amortised                                 At fair   amortised
                                                             value         cost                                  value         cost
                                                               $m             $m             $m         $m         $m           $m              $m        $m
                         Balance as at 1 October 2023       13,741        135,645          8,561      2,259      4,371       124,329          8,561      1,816


                                                                                                                                                                      Our business
                         Cash flows
                           Proceeds from issue                 960         41,823          1,000          -        187        37,468          1,000            -


                                                                                                                                                                         in 2025
                           Repayments                       (4,997)       (21,641)              -      (321)      (128)      (20,606)             -      (283)
                         Non-cash changes
                           Additions to lease liabilities        -               -              -       142          -               -            -           78
                           Fair value changes, including
                           fair value hedge adjustments        979          4,614               -         -        723         2,952              -            -
                           Foreign currency translation




                                                                                                                                                                        Creating value




For personal use only
                           and other adjustments              (396)        (4,147)             (1)        (8)     (268)       (3,587)            (1)          (2)
                         Balance as at
                         30 September 2024                  10,287        156,294          9,560      2,072      4,885       140,556          9,560      1,609
                         Cash flows
                           Proceeds from issue               1,273        41,620                -          -       315       39,586               -            -
                           Repayments                       (2,092)      (31,314)           (600)      (336)         -      (29,222)          (600)      (305)
                         Non-cash changes
                           Additions to lease liabilities        -               -              -       194          -               -            -       114
                           Fair value changes, including                                                                                                              Corporate
                           fair value hedge adjustments        (69)          342                -          -       (99)         150               -            -
                           Foreign currency translation                                                                                                              Governance
                                                                                                                                                                      Statement
                           and other adjustments               225         7,365              12        (16)       305        6,342             12            2
                         Balance as at
                         30 September 2025                   9,624       174,307           8,972      1,914      5,406      157,412          8,972      1,420




                                                                                                                                                                         Risk

                                                                                                                                                                      management




                                                                                                                                                                        Report of

                                                                                                                                                                      the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                        Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                       Additional

                                                                                                                                                                      information




                                                                                                                                         2025 Annual Report    235
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 36 Notes to the statement of cash flows (cont.)

                        Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents
                        For the purposes of the cash flow statement, cash and cash equivalents includes cash and liquid assets and amounts due from
                        other banks (including reverse repurchase agreements and short-term government securities) net of amounts due to other
                        banks that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash within three months.
                        Cash and cash equivalents as shown in the cash flow statement is reconciled to the related items on the balance sheet
                        as follows:

                                                                                                                    Group                   Company
                                                                                                                 2025        2024         2025        2024
                                                                                                                  $m          $m           $m           $m
                         Assets
                         Cash and liquid assets                                                                 2,604        2,499       2,407        2,318
                         Treasury and other eligible bills                                                        139         275            -             -
                         Due from other banks (excluding mandatory deposits with supervisory
                         central banks)                                                                        31,553       22,523      26,135       17,164
                         Total cash and cash equivalent assets                                                 34,296       25,297      28,542       19,482
                         Liabilities




For personal use only
                         Due to other banks                                                                    (9,478)      (6,461)     (8,302)       (5,337)
                         Total cash and cash equivalents                                                       24,818       18,836      20,240       14,145


                        Note 37
                        Events subsequent to reporting date
                        On 31 October 2025, the Group completed the disposal of its remaining 20 per cent stake in MLC Life for total cash proceeds
                        of $497 million. The investment in MLC Life of $243 million was derecognised by the Group on this date, resulting in an overall
                        gain on disposal of $254 million which will be included in the Group’s statutory net profit for the year ending 30 September 2026.
                        As part of the transaction, NAB has agreed to provide up to $150 million contingent Tier 2 capital support to the combined MLC
                        Life Insurance and Resolution Life Australasia business if required. The capital support is available to be drawn down, subject to
                        certain conditions being met, for a period of three years, from completion of the transaction, with the final terms subject to
                        regulatory approvals.
                        There are no other items, transactions or events of a material or unusual nature that have arisen in the interval between
                        30 September 2025 and the date of this report that, in the opinion of the directors, have significantly affected or may significantly
                        affect the operations of the Group, the results of those operations or the state of affairs of the Group in future years.




                        236   National Australia Bank
                        Consolidated entity disclosure statement

                        Below is the Group consolidated entity disclosure statement as required by s295(3A) of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).

                                                                                                   Body Corporates                    Tax residency(1)
                                                                                                                                                                        About

                                                                                                                                                                     this report
                                                                                          Place formed        % of share
                                                                                          or                  capital       Australian        Foreign
                         Entity name                                     Entity type      incorporated        held          or foreign        jurisdiction
                         National Australia Bank Limited                 Body corporate   Australia                  N/A    Australian        N/A
                         86 400 Holdings Ltd                             Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         86 400 Pty Ltd                                  Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A


                                                                                                                                                                     Our business
                         86 400 Technology Pty Ltd                       Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         Advantedge Financial Services Holdings


                                                                                                                                                                        in 2025
                         Pty Ltd                                         Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         Advantedge Financial Services Pty Ltd           Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         AFSH Nominees Pty Ltd                           Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         Apogee Financial Planning Pty Ltd               Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         Bank of New Zealand                             Body corporate   New Zealand                100%   Foreign           New Zealand




                                                                                                                                                                       Creating value
                         Blink Pay Global Group Limited




For personal use only
                                                                         Body corporate   New Zealand                100%   Foreign           New Zealand
                         Blink Pay NZ Limited                            Body corporate   New Zealand                100%   Foreign           New Zealand
                         BNZ Branch Properties Limited                   Body Corporate   New Zealand                100%   Foreign           New Zealand
                         BNZ Equity Investments No.2 Limited             Body Corporate   New Zealand                100%   Foreign           New Zealand
                         BNZ Facilities Management Limited               Body Corporate   New Zealand                100%   Foreign           New Zealand
                         BNZ International Funding Limited               Body Corporate   New Zealand                100%   Foreign           New Zealand
                         BNZ Investments Limited                         Body Corporate   New Zealand                100%   Foreign           New Zealand
                         BNZ Property Investments Limited                Body Corporate   New Zealand                100%   Foreign           New Zealand
                         Centrapay Limited                               Body Corporate   New Zealand                100%   Foreign           New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate
                         Diners Club Pty Limited                         Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A                   Governance
                                                                                                                                                                     Statement
                         Equity Management Unit Holdings Pty Ltd         Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         GPL (VIC) Pty Ltd                               Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         GWM Adviser Services Pty Ltd                    Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         HICAPS Pty Ltd                                  Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         Invia Custodian Pty. Limited

                                                                                                                                                                        Risk
                                                                         Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         JBWere (NZ) Holdings Limited                    Body corporate   New Zealand                100%   Foreign           New Zealand
                         JBWere Ltd                                      Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A

                                                                                                                                                                     management
                         Lantern Claims Pty. Limited                     Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         Medfin Australia Pty Limited                    Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         Meritum Financial Group Pty Ltd                 Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         NAB Global Innovation Centre India
                         Private Limited                                 Body corporate   India                      100%   Foreign           India


                                                                                                                                                                       Report of
                         NAB Investment Services Pty Ltd                 Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         NAB Investments Limited                         Body corporate   United Kingdom             100%   Foreign           United Kingdom


                                                                                                                                                                     the Directors
                         NAB Japan Securities Limited                    Body corporate   Japan                      100%   Foreign           Japan
                         NAB Trust Services Limited(2)                   Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         NAB Ventures Pty Limited                        Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         NABSecurities LLC(3)                            Body corporate   United States              100%   Foreign           United States
                         National Australia Bank Europe S.A.




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial report
                                                                         Body corporate   France                     100%   Foreign           France
                         National Australia Corporate Services
                         Pty Ltd                                         Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         National Australia Finance (Commercial
                         Leasing) Limited                                Body corporate   United Kingdom             100%   Foreign           United Kingdom
                         National Australia Finance (Europe
                         Holdings) Limited                               Body corporate   United Kingdom             100%   Foreign           United Kingdom
                         National Australia Finance (Infrastructure
                         Leasing No.2) Limited                           Body corporate   United Kingdom             100%   Foreign           United Kingdom
                         National Australia Funding (Delaware) Inc.      Body corporate   United States              100%   Foreign           United States

                                                                                                                                                                      Additional
                         National Australia Group (NZ) Limited           Body corporate   New Zealand                100%   Foreign           New Zealand
                         National Australia Investment Capital Pty Ltd   Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A

                                                                                                                                                                     information
                         National Australia Managers Limited             Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         National Equities Limited                       Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         National Margin Services Pty Ltd                Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A


                                                                                                                                         2025 Annual Report   237
                        Consolidated entity disclosure statement

                                                                                                                        Body Corporates                                Tax residency(1)


                                                                                                               Place formed              % of share
                                                                                                               or                        capital             Australian           Foreign
                         Entity name                                                 Entity type               incorporated              held                or foreign           jurisdiction
                         National Nominees Limited                                   Body corporate            Australia                          100%       Australian           N/A
                         Nautilus Insurance Pte Ltd                                  Body corporate            Singapore                          100%       Foreign              Singapore
                         NMS Nominees Pty Ltd                                        Body corporate            Australia                          100%       Australian           N/A
                         Partown Pty. Limited                                        Body corporate            Australia                          100%       Australian           N/A
                         Sapient Pty Limited                                         Body corporate            Australia                          100%       Australian           N/A
                         Tasovac Pty Limited                                         Body corporate            Australia                          100%       Australian           N/A
                         The Deep in Hull Limited                                    Body corporate            United Kingdom                     100%       Foreign              United Kingdom
                         Vietnam Software Development Center
                         Co., Ltd                                                    Body corporate            Vietnam                            100%       Foreign              Vietnam
                         Wealthhub Securities Limited                                Body corporate            Australia                          100%       Australian           N/A
                         Wealthhub Securities Nominees Pty Limited                   Body corporate            Australia                          100%       Australian           N/A
                         BNZ Covered Bond Trust                                      Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Foreign              New Zealand




For personal use only
                         BNZ RMBS Trust Series 2008-1                                Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Foreign              New Zealand
                         BNZ Term Pie Unit Trust                                     Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Foreign              New Zealand
                         CBSS Millennium Series BB Trust                             Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Australian           N/A
                         Foxtel Receivables Trust                                    Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Australian   (4)
                                                                                                                                                                                  N/A
                         NAB Covered Bond Trust                                      Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Australian           N/A
                         National RMBS Trust 2012-1                                  Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Australian           N/A
                         National RMBS Trust 2015-2                                  Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Australian           N/A
                         National RMBS Trust 2016-1                                  Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Australian           N/A
                         National RMBS Trust 2018-1                                  Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Australian           N/A
                         National RMBS Trust 2018-2                                  Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Australian           N/A
                         National RMBS Trust 2022-1                                  Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Australian           N/A
                         National RMBS Trust 2023-1                                  Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Australian           N/A
                         National RMBS Trust 2024-1                                  Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Australian           N/A
                         Sasquatch Trust 2025-1                                      Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Australian           N/A
                         Securitised Australian Mortgage
                         Trust 2017-1                                                Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Australian           N/A
                         Entities in liquidation
                         Custom Credit Corporation Ltd                               Body corporate            Australia                          100%       Australian           N/A
                         Custom Credit Holdings Ltd                                  Body corporate            Australia                          100%       Australian           N/A
                         NAB Properties Australia Pty Ltd                            Body corporate            Australia                          100%       Australian           N/A
                         National OBU Pty Limited                                    Body corporate            Australia                          100%       Australian           N/A
                         National Wealth Management International
                         Holdings Pty Ltd                                            Body corporate            Australia                          100%       Australian           N/A
                         NBA Properties Pty Ltd                                      Body corporate            Australia                          100%       Australian           N/A
                         Plan Australia Operations Pty. Ltd.                         Body corporate            Australia                          100%       Australian           N/A
                         The Bank of Victoria                                        Body corporate            Australia                          100%       Australian           N/A
                         Titan Securitisation Limited                                Body corporate            Australia                            0%(5)    Australian(4)        N/A
                         (1) All Australian entities are part of the NAB tax consolidated group unless otherwise stated.
                         (2) This entity also acts as trustee for Foxtel Receivables Trust and Sasquatch Trust 2025-1.
                         (3) The entity is a disregarded entity for U.S. Federal tax purposes and is not a U.S. Person. However income of the entity is incorporated into the tax calculation of NAB’s US
                             branch for the purposes of Federal Income Tax and State and local taxes.
                         (4) This entity is not part of the NAB tax consolidated group.
                         (5) This entity is consolidated as it is controlled by the NAB Group.




                        238   National Australia Bank
                        Directors' declaration

                        The directors of National Australia Bank Limited declare that:
                        (a) in the opinion of the directors, the financial statements and notes for the year ended 30 September 2025, as set out on

                                                                                                                                                                    About
                            pages 144 to 236, are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), including:
                            (i) in compliance with Australian Accounting Standards (including Australian Accounting Interpretations), International

                                                                                                                                                                 this report
                                Financial Reporting Standards as stated in Note 1 Basis of preparation, and any further requirements of the Corporations
                                Regulations 2001; and
                           (ii) give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Company and the Group as at 30 September 2025, and of the
                                performance of the Company and the Group for the year ended 30 September 2025.
                        (b) in the opinion of the directors, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and
                            when they become due and payable.

                                                                                                                                                                 Our business
                        (c) the directors have been given the declarations required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) for the year
                            ended 30 September 2025.

                                                                                                                                                                    in 2025
                        (d) the consolidated entity disclosure statement, as required by section 295(3A) of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and as set
                            out on pages 237 to 238, is true and correct.
                        Signed in accordance with a resolution of the directors.




                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value




For personal use only
                         Philip Chronican                                                  Andrew Irvine
                         Chair                                                             Group Chief Executive Officer
                         6 November 2025                                                   6 November 2025



                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                Governance
                                                                                                                                                                 Statement




                                                                                                                                                                    Risk

                                                                                                                                                                 management




                                                                                                                                                                   Report of

                                                                                                                                                                 the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                  Additional

                                                                                                                                                                 information




                                                                                                                                     2025 Annual Report   239
                                                                        8 Exhibition Street               Tel: +61 3 9288 8000
                                                                        Melbourne VIC 3000 Australia      Fax: +61 3 8650 7777
                                                                        GPO Box 67 Melbourne VIC 3001     ey.com/au




                        Independent auditor’s report to the Members of National Australia Bank Limited

                        Report on the audit of the financial report
                        Opinion
                        We have audited the financial report of National Australia Bank Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries
                        (collectively the Group), which comprises:




For personal use only
                              The Group consolidated and Company balance sheets as at 30 September 2025;

                              The Group consolidated and Company income statements, statements of comprehensive income,
                              statements of cash flows and statements of changes in equity for the year then ended;

                              Notes to the financial statements, including material accounting policy information;

                              The consolidated entity disclosure statement; and

                              The directors’ declaration.

                        In our opinion, the accompanying financial report is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001,
                        including:

                        a.    Giving a true and fair view of the Company’s and the Group’s balance sheets as at 30 September 2025
                              and their financial performance for the year ended on that date; and

                        b.    Complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                        Basis for opinion
                        We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under those
                        standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report section of
                        our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of
                        the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards
                        Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code)
                        that are relevant to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical
                        responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

                        We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
                        opinion.

                        Key audit matters
                        Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit
                        of the financial report of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
                        financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide a separate opinion on
                        these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in
                        that context.




                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                                                                                                                                                   About

                                                                                                                                                                this report



                        We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial
                        report section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the
                                                                                                                                                                Our business
                        performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of
                        the financial report. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the

                                                                                                                                                                   in 2025
                        matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying financial report.

                         Why significant                                                     How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                         Provision for credit impairment




                                                                                                                                                                  Creating value
                         As at 30 September 2025 the Group has a provision for               Our audit procedures included the following:




For personal use only
                         credit impairment of $6,165 million as disclosed in Note
                         17 Provision for credit impairment. The provision for credit        We assessed the alignment of the Group’s ECL model and its
                         impairment is measured in accordance with the                       underlying methodology against the requirements of AASB 9.
                         requirements of AASB 9 Financial Instruments (AASB 9).
                                                                                             In conjunction with our actuarial and economic specialists, we
                         Key areas of significant judgment included:                         assessed the following for exposures and evaluated on a
                            the application of the impairment requirements of                collective basis:
                            AASB 9 within the expected credit loss (ECL)                         significant modelling and macroeconomic assumptions,
                            methodology;                                                         including the reasonableness of forward-looking
                            the identification of exposures with a significant increase          information and scenarios;
                                                                                                                                                                Corporate
                            in credit risk;                                                      the determination of a significant increase in credit risk;
                            assumptions used in ECL models (for exposures assessed               the appropriateness and sensitivity of the collective         Governance
                                                                                                 provisions to changes in ECL measurement methodology
                                                                                                                                                                Statement
                            on an individual or collective basis); and
                            forward-looking provisions held to reflect the impact of             and modelling assumptions;
                            current and anticipated external factors, including                  the mathematical accuracy of management’s model; and
                            multiple economic scenarios and the weightings applied               the basis for and data used to determine forward-looking
                            for each of these scenarios.                                         adjustments.



                                                                                                                                                                   Risk
                                                                                             We assessed a sample of exposures on an individual basis by:
                         This was a key audit matter due to the value of the provision,
                                                                                                assessing the reasonableness and timeliness of internal
                         and the degree of judgment and estimation uncertainty
                                                                                                credit quality assessments based on the borrowers’

                                                                                                                                                                management
                         associated with the provision calculation.
                                                                                                particular circumstances; and
                                                                                                evaluating the associated provisions by assessing the
                                                                                                reasonableness of key inputs into the credit impairment
                                                                                                calculation, focusing on high-risk industries, work out
                                                                                                strategies, collateral values, and the value and timing of
                                                                                                recoveries.


                                                                                                                                                                  Report of
                                                                                             In conjunction with our IT and actuarial specialists, we
                                                                                             assessed the effectiveness of relevant key controls relating


                                                                                                                                                                the Directors
                                                                                             to:
                                                                                                 capture of data, including loan origination and
                                                                                                 transactional data, ongoing internal credit quality
                                                                                                 assessments, storage of data in data warehouses, and
                                                                                                 interfaces with the provision calculation engine;
                                                                                                 ongoing monitoring and validation of ECL models; and




                                                                                                                                                                  Financial report
                                                                                                 review and approval of economic scenarios assumptions,
                                                                                                 and weightings.

                                                                                             We evaluated the processes used to identify climate-related
                                                                                             risks associated with the provision for credit impairment.

                                                                                             We assessed the adequacy and appropriateness of the
                                                                                             disclosures related to credit impairment included in the Notes
                                                                                             to the financial statements.



                                                                                                                                                                 Additional

                                                                                                                                                                information
                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                         Why significant                                                     How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                         Impairment assessment of goodwill
                         The Group has recognised goodwill of $2,070 million as at           Our audit procedures included the following:
                         30 September 2025.
                                                                                             We assessed the appropriateness of the CGUs identified to
                         As disclosed in Note 22 Goodwill and other intangible assets,       which goodwill was allocated.
                         the Group performs an annual impairment assessment, or
                         more frequently if there is an indication that goodwill may be      We assessed whether the VIU calculation methodology used
                         impaired. This involves a comparison of the carrying value of       by the Group for the impairment assessment of goodwill was
                         the cash generating unit (CGU) to which the goodwill has            in accordance with the requirements of Australian Accounting




For personal use only
                         been attributed with its recoverable amount. Judgement is           Standards.
                         involved in assessing the CGUs identified by the Group.
                                                                                             We agreed forecast cash flows to the most recent Board or
                         Recoverable amounts were determined using a value in use            management approved cash flow forecasts and assessed the
                         (VIU) basis for all CGUs. The determination of recoverable          historical forecasting accuracy by performing a comparison
                         amounts incorporated a range of key assumptions,                    of recent forecasts to actual results.
                         including:
                             future cash flows;                                              We involved our valuation specialists to assess the key
                             discount rate; and                                              assumptions used in the impairment assessment, including
                             terminal growth rate.                                           future cash flow forecasts, discount rates and terminal
                                                                                             growth rates, and to test the mathematical accuracy of the
                         The impairment assessment of goodwill was a key audit               impairment models.
                         matter due to the degree of estimation uncertainty
                         associated with the assumptions applied in the impairment           We assessed the Group’s current market capitalisation against
                         assessment.                                                         the recoverable amount implied by the Group’s VIU calculation
                                                                                             and benchmarked the implied valuation multiples to
                                                                                             comparable company valuation multiples.

                                                                                             We assessed the adequacy and appropriateness of the
                                                                                             disclosures related to the impairment assessment of goodwill
                                                                                             included in the Notes to the financial statements.




                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                                                                                                                                                  About

                                                                                                                                                               this report



                         Why significant                                                     How our audit addressed the key audit matter


                                                                                                                                                               Our business
                         Information Technology (IT) systems and controls over financial reporting
                         A significant part of the financial reporting process is            Our audit procedures included the following:


                                                                                                                                                                  in 2025
                         primarily reliant on IT systems with automated processes
                         and controls relating to the capture, storage and extraction        We focused on those IT systems and controls that are
                         of a high volume of information.                                    significant to the financial reporting process.

                         A fundamental component of these IT systems and controls            We involved our IT specialists, as audit procedures over IT
                         is ensuring that risks relating to inappropriate user access        systems and controls require specific expertise.
                         management, unauthorised program changes and IT




                                                                                                                                                                 Creating value




For personal use only
                         operating protocols are addressed.                                  We assessed the design, implementation, and operating
                                                                                             effectiveness of IT controls, including those related to:
                         This was identified as a key audit matter as our audit                  General security settings and authentication
                         approach is dependent on the effective operation of the IT              User access management and revalidation
                         controls.                                                               Change and release management
                                                                                                 IT operations

                                                                                             Where we identified design and/or operating deficiencies in
                                                                                             the IT control environment, our audit procedures included the
                                                                                             following:
                                                                                                  we assessed the integrity and reliability of the systems     Corporate
                                                                                                                                                              Governance
                                                                                                  and data related to financial reporting; and
                                                                                                  where automated procedures were supported by systems
                                                                                                  with identified deficiencies, we either 1) assessed          Statement
                                                                                                  compensating or mitigating controls that were not reliant
                                                                                                  on the IT control environment, 2) performed direct
                                                                                                  testing of IT application controls and/or IT dependent
                                                                                                  manual controls, or 3) varied the nature, timing and


                                                                                                                                                                  Risk
                                                                                                  extent of substantive procedures performed.




                                                                                                                                                               management




                                                                                                                                                                 Report of

                                                                                                                                                               the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                Additional

                                                                                                                                                               information
                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                        Information other than the financial report and auditor’s report thereon
                        The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
                        included in the Company’s 2025 Annual Report, but does not include the financial report and our auditor’s
                        report thereon.

                        Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not express
                        any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception of the Remuneration Report and our related
                        assurance opinion.




For personal use only
                        In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
                        in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or
                        our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

                        If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
                        information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

                        Responsibilities of the directors for the financial report
                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of:

                              The financial report (other than the consolidated entity disclosure statement) that gives a true and fair
                              view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001; and

                              The consolidated entity disclosure statement that is true and correct in accordance with the
                              Corporations Act 2001; and

                        for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of:

                              The financial report (other than the consolidated entity disclosure statement) that gives a true and fair
                              view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and

                              The consolidated entity disclosure statement that is true and correct and is free of misstatement,
                              whether due to fraud or error.

                        In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the Company’s and Group’s
                        ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters relating to going concern and using
                        the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
                        operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

                        Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
                        Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free from
                        material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
                        opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
                        accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
                        Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
                        they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this
                        financial report.




                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                                                                                                                                About

                                                                                                                                             this report



                        As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional judgment
                        and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
                                                                                                                                             Our business
                              Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due to fraud or

                                                                                                                                                in 2025
                              error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
                              sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
                              misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
                              collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.




                                                                                                                                               Creating value




For personal use only
                              Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
                              are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
                              effectiveness of the Company’s or the Group’s internal control.

                              Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
                              estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

                              Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
                              based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or               Corporate
                                                                                                                                            Governance
                              conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s or Group’s ability to continue as a going
                              concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
                              auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial report or, if such disclosures are inadequate,    Statement
                              to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
                              auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company or the Group to cease to
                              continue as a going concern.

                              Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the                   Risk

                                                                                                                                             management
                              disclosures, and whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions and events in a
                              manner that achieves fair presentation.

                              Plan and perform the Company and Group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding
                              the financial information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an
                              opinion on the Company and Group financial report. We are responsible for the direction, supervision
                                                                                                                                               Report of
                              and review of the audit work performed for the purposes of the Company and Group audit. We remain
                              solely responsible for our audit opinion.

                        We communicate with the Directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the                the Directors
                        audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
                        during our audit.




                                                                                                                                               Financial report
                        We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
                        regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
                        reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats
                        or safeguards applied.

                        From the matters communicated to the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance
                        in the audit of the financial report of the current year and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
                        these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
                                                                                                                                              Additional
                        when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
                        because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
                                                                                                                                             information
                        benefits of such communication.

                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                        Report on the audit of the Remuneration Report
                        Opinion on the Remuneration Report
                        We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages 98 to 140 of the Directors’ report for the year
                        ended 30 September 2025.

                        In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of National Australia Bank Limited for the year ended 30 September
                        2025, complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.




For personal use only
                        Responsibilities
                        The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the Remuneration
                        Report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express an
                        opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing
                        Standards.




                        Ernst & Young




                        T M Dring
                        Partner
                        Melbourne
                        6 November 2025




                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                               Corporate
   About      Our business                                    Risk        Report of                         Additional
                             Creating value   Governance                                Financial report
this report      in 2025                                   management   the Directors                      information
                                               Statement
                       Additional
                       information
                             For personal use only
                        Shareholder information
                        Ordinary shares

                        Twenty largest registered fully paid ordinary shareholders of the Company as at 10 October 2025

                                                                                                                                                        Number of        % of total
                                                                                                                                                           shares          shares
                         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                                      837,479,334          27.34
                         J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                                                      535,284,055          17.48
                         CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                                                  288,676,616            9.42
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING A/C>                                                                               67,781,059            2.21
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD                                                                                                        40,814,266            1.33
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD DEUTSCHE BANK TCA                                                                                      29,446,361            0.96
                         NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                                                       28,284,766            0.92
                         CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <COLONIAL FIRST STATE INV A/C>                                                                    25,264,812            0.82
                         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <NT-COMNWLTH SUPER CORP A/C>                                                          21,453,566            0.70
                         NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                                                               16,498,790            0.54
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD>                                                                         15,878,673            0.52




For personal use only
                         AUSTRALIAN FOUNDATION INVESTMENT COMPANY LIMITED                                                                                12,335,000            0.40
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMS (NZ) LTD                                                                                                        6,226,114            0.20
                         ARGO INVESTMENTS LIMITED                                                                                                         5,834,685            0.19
                         IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IPS SUPERFUND A/C>                                                                             5,438,805            0.18
                         IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IOOF IDPS A/C>                                                                                 4,340,619            0.14
                         MUTUAL TRUST PTY LTD                                                                                                             3,815,696            0.12
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <COWEN AND CO LLC>                                                                                  3,162,010            0.10
                         BKI INVESTMENT COMPANY LIMITED                                                                                                   2,971,800            0.10
                         NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <SUPER SERVICES A/C>                                                                               2,914,381            0.10
                         Total                                                                                                                        1,953,901,408          63.77


                        Substantial shareholders
                        The following organisations have disclosed a substantial shareholding notice to ASX. As at 10 October 2025, the Company has
                        received no further update in relation to these substantial shareholdings.

                         Name                                                                                                                            Number of       % of
                                                                                                                                                         shares          voting
                                                                                                                                                                         power
                         State Street Corporation(1)                                                                                                     222,744,123     7.24%
                         The Vanguard Group, Inc(2)                                                                                                      184,846,160     6.014%
                         BlackRock Group(3)                                                                                                              177,651,034     6.02%
                         AustralianSuper Pty Ltd    (4)
                                                                                                                                                         153,496,815     5.01%
                         (1) Substantial shareholding as at 9 January 2025, as per notice lodged on 13 January 2025.
                         (2) Substantial shareholding as at 19 December 2024, as per notice lodged on 27 December 2024.
                         (3) Substantial shareholding as at 18 March 2020, as per notice lodged on 20 March 2020.
                         (4) Substantial shareholding as at 19 September 2025, as per notice lodged on 23 September 2025.


                        Distribution of fully paid ordinary shareholdings

                                                                                                                              Number of        % of        Number of         % of
                                                                                                                            shareholders   holders            shares       shares
                         Range (number)
                         1 - 1,000                                                                                               321,801      60.97        107,129,451         3.50
                         1,001 - 5,000                                                                                           159,496      30.22        363,518,252       11.87
                         5,001 - 10,000                                                                                           29,067       5.50        203,001,586         6.63
                         10,001 - 100,000                                                                                         17,098       3.24        342,526,109       11.18
                         100,001 and over                                                                                            357       0.07      2,046,856,990       66.82
                         Total                                                                                                   527,819       100      3,063,032,388            100
                         Less than marketable parcel of $500                                                                      12,971                       61,547


                        Voting rights
                        Each ordinary shareholder present at a general meeting (whether in person or by proxy or representative) is entitled to one vote
                        on a show of hands or, on a poll, one vote for each fully paid ordinary share held.




                        248   National Australia Bank
                        Shareholder information (cont.)




                        NAB Capital Notes 3 (NCN 3)

                        Twenty largest holders of NCN 3 as at 10 October 2025
                                                                                                                                                                        About
                                                                                                                                  Number of          % of total

                                                                                                                                                                     this report
                                                                                                                                  securities        securities
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING A/C>                                                          4,053,494            21.63
                         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                   931,166               4.97
                         CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                               830,922               4.43
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD>                                                     469,865               2.51


                                                                                                                                                                     Our business
                         NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                                           312,499               1.67
                         J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                                   252,109               1.35


                                                                                                                                                                        in 2025
                         MUTUAL TRUST PTY LTD                                                                                        217,445               1.16
                         IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IPS SUPERFUND A/C>                                                        167,396               0.89
                         BERNE NO 132 NOMINEES PTY LTD <784215 A/C>                                                                  158,028               0.84
                         NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <SUPER SERVICES A/C>                                                          123,065               0.66
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD                                                                                    110,067               0.59




                                                                                                                                                                       Creating value




For personal use only
                         IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IOOF IDPS A/C>                                                             94,943               0.51
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <PITCHER PARTNERS>                                                              93,014               0.50
                         INVIA CUSTODIAN PTY LIMITED <WEHI - INVESTMENT POOL A/C>                                                     75,325               0.40
                         DIOCESE DEVELOPMENT FUND - CATHOLIC DIOCESE OF PARRAMATTA                                                    72,003               0.38
                         A R E INVESTMENTS PTY LIMITED                                                                                67,230               0.36
                         WILLIMBURY PTY LTD                                                                                           65,609               0.35
                         MICHAEL CHEE CHEONG TANG + LOUISE MARY TANG                                                                  62,790               0.34

                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate
                         JDB SERVICES PTY LTD <RAC & JD BRICE INVEST A/C>                                                             53,429               0.29
                         BALMORAL FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS PTY LTD <NO 2 A/C>                                                            50,277               0.27
                         Total                                                                                                     8,260,676             44.10      Governance
                                                                                                                                                                     Statement
                        Distribution of NCN 3 holdings

                                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                                        security          % of     Number of              % of
                                                                                                         holders      holders      securities       securities

                                                                                                                                                                        Risk
                         Range (number)
                         1 - 1,000                                                                        13,151         87.42       4,807,662           25.65

                                                                                                                                                                     management
                         1,001 - 5,000                                                                     1,670         11.10       3,507,797           18.72
                         5,001 - 10,000                                                                      142          0.94       1,071,564             5.72
                         10,001 - 100,000                                                                     69          0.46       1,727,503             9.22
                         100,001 and over                                                                     12          0.08       7,626,056           40.69
                         Total                                                                            15,044          100      18,740,582              100

                                                                                                                                                                       Report of
                         Less than marketable parcel of $500                                                   4                                7



                                                                                                                                                                     the Directors
                        Voting rights
                        In accordance with their terms of issue, holders of NCN 3 have no right to vote at any general meeting of the Company prior to
                        conversion into NAB ordinary shares.
                        If NCN 3 is converted into NAB ordinary shares in accordance with their terms of issue, then voting rights will be as outlined on
                        page 248 of this Additional information section for NAB ordinary shares.




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                      Additional

                                                                                                                                                                     information



                                                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report     249
                        Shareholder information (cont.)




                        NAB Capital Notes 5 (NCN 5)

                        Twenty largest holders of NCN 5 as at 10 October 2025

                                                                                                                                  Number of       % of total
                                                                                                                                  securities     securities
                         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                  2,066,787           8.66
                         CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                              1,272,719           5.33
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING A/C>                                                          1,187,035           4.98
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD>                                                     983,177            4.12
                         CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <143212 NMMT LTD A/C>                                                         581,251            2.44
                         NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                                           439,266            1.84
                         MUTUAL TRUST PTY LTD                                                                                        311,894            1.31
                         J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                                   300,260            1.26
                         NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <SUPER SERVICES A/C>                                                          174,073            0.73
                         IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IPS SUPERFUND A/C>                                                        174,065            0.73
                         LEDA HOLDINGS PTY LTD                                                                                       154,000            0.65




For personal use only
                         IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IOOF IDPS A/C>                                                            121,343            0.51
                         JOHN E GILL TRADING PTY LTD                                                                                 107,866            0.45
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <PITCHER PARTNERS>                                                             102,641            0.43
                         DIMBULU PTY LTD                                                                                             100,000            0.42
                         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED-GSI EDA                                                            70,000            0.29
                         PAMDALE INVESTMENTS PTY LTD                                                                                  60,290            0.25
                         FORCE 1 PTY LTD <THE VAN LIESHOUT S/FUND A/C>                                                                60,129            0.25
                         ROYAL FREEMASONS' BENEVOLENT INSTITUTION                                                                     51,500            0.22
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <IB AU NOMS RETAILCLIENT>                                                       49,485            0.21
                         Total                                                                                                     8,367,781          35.08


                        Distribution of NCN 5 holdings

                                                                                                   Number of
                                                                                                     security          % of     Number of              % of
                                                                                                      holders      holders      securities       securities
                         Range (number)
                         1 - 1,000                                                                      18,760        86.46       7,215,337           30.24
                         1,001 - 5,000                                                                   2,656        12.24       5,432,727           22.77
                         5,001 - 10,000                                                                   177          0.82       1,274,981             5.34
                         10,001 - 100,000                                                                  90          0.41       1,961,228             8.22
                         100,001 and over                                                                  15          0.07       7,975,407           33.43
                         Total                                                                         21,698          100      23,859,680              100
                         Less than marketable parcel of $500                                                5                            13


                        Voting rights
                        In accordance with their terms of issue, holders of NCN 5 have no right to vote at any general meeting of the Company prior to
                        conversion into NAB ordinary shares.
                        If NCN 5 is converted into NAB ordinary shares in accordance with their terms of issue, then voting rights will be as outlined on
                        page 248 of this Additional information section for NAB ordinary shares.




                        250   National Australia Bank
                        Shareholder information (cont.)




                        NAB Capital Notes 6 (NCN 6)

                        Twenty largest holders of NCN 6 as at 10 October 2025
                                                                                                                                                                      About
                                                                                                                                  Number of       % of total

                                                                                                                                                                   this report
                                                                                                                                  securities     securities
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING A/C>                                                          5,219,123          26.10
                         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                  1,607,512           8.04
                         CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                              1,021,162           5.11
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD>                                                     613,225            3.07


                                                                                                                                                                   Our business
                         NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                                           351,215            1.76
                         MUTUAL TRUST PTY LTD                                                                                        247,238            1.24


                                                                                                                                                                      in 2025
                         NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <SUPER SERVICES A/C>                                                          155,130            0.78
                         J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                                   142,070            0.71
                         IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IPS SUPERFUND A/C>                                                        106,215            0.53
                         TANDOM PTY LTD                                                                                              100,192            0.50
                         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED-GSI EDA                                                            75,000            0.38




                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value




For personal use only
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <PITCHER PARTNERS>                                                              74,515            0.37
                         IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IOOF IDPS A/C>                                                             68,749            0.34
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD                                                                                     52,000            0.26
                         DIMBULU PTY LTD                                                                                              50,000            0.25
                         ELMORE HOLDINGS PTY LIMITED <PEABODY FAMILY A/C>                                                             50,000            0.25
                         FAMILY ENDEAVOURS PTY LTD <BEST ENDEAVOURS A/C>                                                              48,500            0.24
                         JOHN E GILL TRADING PTY LTD                                                                                  41,517            0.21

                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate
                         PESUTU PTY LTD <KAREDIS SUPER A/C>                                                                           38,014            0.19
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <IB AU NOMS RETAILCLIENT>                                                       34,713            0.17
                         Total                                                                                                    10,096,090          50.50       Governance
                                                                                                                                                                   Statement
                        Distribution of NCN 6 holdings

                                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                                        security          % of     Number of           % of
                                                                                                         holders      holders      securities    securities

                                                                                                                                                                      Risk
                         Range (number)
                         1 - 1,000                                                                        12,615         86.94       4,408,867         22.04

                                                                                                                                                                   management
                         1,001 - 5,000                                                                     1,693         11.67       3,534,848         17.67
                         5,001 - 10,000                                                                      116          0.80         858,210          4.29
                         10,001 - 100,000                                                                     74          0.51       1,634,993          8.17
                         100,001 and over                                                                     11          0.08       9,563,082         47.83
                         Total                                                                            14,509          100      20,000,000           100

                                                                                                                                                                     Report of
                         Less than marketable parcel of $500                                                  15                            49



                                                                                                                                                                   the Directors
                        Voting rights
                        In accordance with their terms of issue, holders of NCN 6 have no right to vote at any general meeting of the Company prior to
                        conversion into NAB ordinary shares.
                        If NCN 6 is converted into NAB ordinary shares in accordance with their terms of issue, then voting rights will be as outlined on
                        page 248 of this Additional information section for NAB ordinary shares.




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                    Additional

                                                                                                                                                                   information



                                                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report   251
                        Shareholder information (cont.)




                        NAB Capital Notes 7 (NCN 7)

                        Twenty largest holders of NCN 7 as at 10 October 2025

                                                                                                                                  Number of          % of total
                                                                                                                                  securities        securities
                         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                  1,920,556            15.36
                         CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                               478,878               3.83
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD>                                                     470,811               3.77
                         NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                                           292,056               2.34
                         MUTUAL TRUST PTY LTD                                                                                        178,048               1.42
                         HIGHAM HILL PTY LTD                                                                                         106,802               0.85
                         DIMBULU PTY LTD                                                                                             100,000               0.80
                         MR JOHN WILLIAM CUNNINGHAM                                                                                   90,680               0.73
                         IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IPS SUPERFUND A/C>                                                         86,590               0.69
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <PITCHER PARTNERS>                                                              83,684               0.67
                         NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <SUPER SERVICES A/C>                                                           72,892               0.58




For personal use only
                         J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                                    57,987               0.46
                         IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IOOF IDPS A/C>                                                             44,174               0.35
                         2 KINANE STREET PTY LTD                                                                                      36,280               0.29
                         SRA INVESTMENTS PTY LTD                                                                                      36,240               0.29
                         BECK CORPORATION PTY LTD <BECK CONSTRUCTION GROUP A/C>                                                       35,950               0.29
                         POPEYE TREASURES PTY LTD                                                                                     30,220               0.24
                         CORP OF THE TSTEES OF THE ROMAN CATH ARC                                                                     30,000               0.24
                         RJC NOMINEES PTY LTD <HOOVER FORD EMPLOYEES SF A/C>                                                          25,000               0.20
                         THE TRUST COMPANY (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <WCCTFI A/C>                                                           25,000               0.20
                         Total                                                                                                     4,201,848             33.60


                        Distribution of NCN 7 holdings

                                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                                        security          % of     Number of              % of
                                                                                                         holders      holders      securities       securities
                         Range (number)
                         1 - 1,000                                                                         9,401         84.94       3,687,251           29.50
                         1,001 - 5,000                                                                     1,500         13.55       3,175,899           25.41
                         5,001 - 10,000                                                                       98          0.89         696,745             5.57
                         10,001 - 100,000                                                                     62          0.56       1,492,954           11.94
                         100,001 and over                                                                      7          0.06       3,447,151           27.58
                         Total                                                                            11,068          100      12,500,000              100
                         Less than marketable parcel of $500                                                   5                                7


                        Voting rights
                        In accordance with their terms of issue, holders of NCN 7 have no right to vote at any general meeting of the Company prior to
                        conversion into NAB ordinary shares.
                        If NCN 7 is converted into NAB ordinary shares in accordance with their terms of issue, then voting rights will be as outlined on
                        page 248 of this Additional information section for NAB ordinary shares.




                        252   National Australia Bank
                        Shareholder information (cont.)




                        NAB Capital Notes 8 (NCN 8)

                        Twenty largest holders of NCN 8 as at 10 October 2025
                                                                                                                                                                       About
                                                                                                                                 Number of          % of total

                                                                                                                                                                    this report
                                                                                                                                 securities        securities
                         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                   965,059              9.65
                         CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                               557,295              5.57
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD>                                                     337,116              3.37
                         NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                                           214,142              2.14


                                                                                                                                                                    Our business
                         J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                                   155,356              1.55
                         MUTUAL TRUST PTY LTD                                                                                        119,336              1.19


                                                                                                                                                                       in 2025
                         DIMBULU PTY LTD                                                                                             100,000              1.00
                         NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <SUPER SERVICES A/C>                                                           94,906              0.95
                         SEYMOUR GROUP PTY LTD                                                                                        64,010              0.64
                         IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IPS SUPERFUND A/C>                                                         56,082              0.56
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <PITCHER PARTNERS>                                                              54,374              0.54




                                                                                                                                                                      Creating value




For personal use only
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD                                                                                     50,000              0.50
                         HIGHAM HILL PTY LTD                                                                                          50,000              0.50
                         MR JOHN WILLIAM CUNNINGHAM                                                                                   49,500              0.50
                         KADOO PTY LIMITED <B & D FAMILY A/C>                                                                         48,445              0.48
                         BARRETT SUPERFUND PTY LTD <BARRETT SUPERFUND A/C>                                                            35,535              0.36
                         IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IOOF IDPS A/C>                                                             34,112              0.34
                         PACIFIC INDUSTRIAL COMPANY(WA) PTY LTD <STEELFAB UNIT A/C>                                                   30,000              0.30

                                                                                                                                                                    Corporate
                         PACIFIC INTERNATIONAL INSURANCE PTY LIMITED                                                                  30,000              0.30
                         MARROSAN INVESTMENTS PTY LTD                                                                                 29,750              0.30
                         Total                                                                                                     3,075,018            30.73      Governance
                                                                                                                                                                    Statement
                        Distribution of NCN 8 holdings

                                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                                        security          % of     Number of             % of
                                                                                                         holders      holders      securities      securities

                                                                                                                                                                       Risk
                         Range (number)
                         1 - 1,000                                                                         6,884         83.25       2,899,801          29.00

                                                                                                                                                                    management
                         1,001 - 5,000                                                                     1,237         14.96       2,736,288          27.36
                         5,001 - 10,000                                                                       86          1.04        649,213             6.49
                         10,001 - 100,000                                                                     55          0.67       1,366,394          13.66
                         100,001 and over                                                                      7          0.08       2,348,304          23.49
                         Total                                                                             8,269          100      10,000,000             100

                                                                                                                                                                      Report of
                         Less than marketable parcel of $500                                                   2                               5



                                                                                                                                                                    the Directors
                        Voting rights
                        In accordance with their terms of issue, holders of NCN 8 have no right to vote at any general meeting of the Company prior to
                        conversion into NAB ordinary shares.
                        If NCN 8 is converted into NAB ordinary shares in accordance with their terms of issue, then voting rights will be as outlined on
                        page 248 of this Additional information section for NAB ordinary shares.




                                                                                                                                                                      Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                     Additional

                                                                                                                                                                    information



                                                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report    253
                        Shareholder information (cont.)




                        Official quotation
                        Fully paid ordinary shares of the Company are quoted on the ASX.
                        The Group has also issued:
                        •   NAB Capital Notes 3, NAB Capital Notes 5, NAB Capital Notes 6, NAB Capital Notes 7, NAB Capital Notes 8, covered bonds and
                            residential mortgage backed securities which are quoted on the ASX.
                        •   Medium-term notes, subordinated notes and covered bonds which are quoted on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
                        •   Medium-term notes and perpetual preference shares which are quoted on the NZX Debt Market.
                        •   Medium-term notes, subordinated notes and covered bonds which are quoted on the SIX Swiss Exchange.
                        •   Medium-term notes which are quoted on the Taipei Exchange.

                        Unquoted securities
                        As at 31 October 2025, the Company has 3,454,808 rights on issue, of which there are 61 holders (refer to page 96 of this Report for
                        further details).




For personal use only




                        254   National Australia Bank
                        Chair                                                             Principal Share Register
                        Mr Philip Chronican                                               Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited

                                                                                                                                                                      About
                        BCom (Hons), MBA (Dist), GAICD, SF Fin                            Yarra Falls
                                                                                          452 Johnston Street
                        Group Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director               ABBOTSFORD VIC 3067
                        Mr Andrew Irvine                                                  Australia                                                                this report
                        BSc Business Management (Hons), MBA                               Postal address:
                                                                                          GPO Box 2333
                        Group Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                          MELBOURNE VIC 3001
                        Mr Shaun Dooley                                                   Australia

                                                                                                                                                                   Our business
                        BEc, MS
                                                                                          Local call: 1300 367 647
                        Registered office                                                 Fax: +61 3 9473 2500


                                                                                                                                                                      in 2025
                                                                                          Telephone and fax (outside Australia):
                        Level 28
                                                                                          Tel: +61 3 9415 4299; Fax: +61 3 9473 2500
                        395 Bourke Street
                        MELBOURNE VIC 3000                                                Email: nabservices@computershare.com.au
                        Australia                                                         Website: www.investorcentre.com/nab
                        Tel: 1300 889 398
                                                                                          United Kingdom Share Register
                        Tel: +61 3 8615 3064




                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                          Computershare Investor Services plc
                        International locations                                           The Pavilions
                        nab.com.au/corporate/global-relationships                         Bridgwater Road BRISTOL BS99 6ZZ
                                                                                          United Kingdom
                        Auditor                                                           Tel: +44 370 703 0197
                        EY                                                                Fax: +44 370 703 6101
                        8 Exhibition Street                                               Email: nabservices@computershare.com.au
                        MELBOURNE VIC 3000                                                Website: www.investorcentre.com/nab
                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate
                        Australia
                        Tel: +61 3 9288 8000                                              United States ADR Depositary, Transfer Agent and Registrar
                                                                                          contact details for NAB ADR holders:                                    Governance
                        Company Secretary
                                                                                                                                                                   Statement
                                                                                          Deutsche Bank Shareholder Services
                        Mrs Louise Thomson BBus (Dist), FGIA                              Equiniti Trust Company, LLC
                                                                                          48 Wall Street, Floor 23
                        Group Investor Relations
                                                                                          New York, NY 10005
                        National Australia Bank Limited                                   USA
                        Level 2

                                                                                                                                                                      Risk
                                                                                          Direct Dial: +1 866 249 2593
                        2 Carrington Street                                               Email: adr@equiniti.com
                        SYDNEY NSW 2000

                                                                                                                                                                   management
                        Australia                                                         Contact details for NAB ADR brokers &
                        Email: investorrelations@nab.com.au                               institutional investors:
                                                                                          US Tel: +1 212 250 9100
                        Sustainability
                                                                                          UK Tel: +44 207 547 6500
                        National Australia Bank Limited                                   Email: adr@db.com
                        Level 21

                                                                                                                                                                     Report of
                        395 Bourke Street
                        MELBOURNE VIC 3000
                        Australia

                                                                                                                                                                   the Directors
                        Email: sustainability@nab.com.au

                        Shareholder Centre website
                        The Group’s website at nab.com.au/shareholder has a
                        dedicated separate section where shareholders can gain




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report
                        access to a wide range of information, including copies of
                        recent announcements, annual reports as well as extensive
                        historical information.

                        Shareholder information line
                        There is a convenient 24 hours a day, 7 days a week automated
                        service. To obtain the current balance of your securities and
                        relevant payment details, telephone 1300 367 647 (Australia) or
                        +61 3 9415 4299 (outside Australia).

                                                                                                                                                                    Additional
                        These services are secured to protect your interests. In all
                        communications with the Share Registry, please ensure you

                                                                                                                                                                   information
                        quote your Securityholder Reference Number (SRN), or in case
                        of broker sponsored shareholders, your Holder Identification
                        Number (HIN).



                                                                                                                                       2025 Annual Report   255
                        Glossary
                        12-month expected credit losses (ECL)               Cash earnings                                       Discontinued operations
                        The portion of lifetime expected credit losses      Cash earnings is a non-IFRS key performance         Discontinued operations are a component
                        that represent the expected losses arising          measure used by the Group and the                   of the Group that either has been disposed
                        from default events that could occur within 12      investment community. Cash earnings is              of, or is classified as held for sale, and
                        months of the reporting date.                       defined as net profit attributable to owners        represents a separate major line of business
                        86 400                                              of the Company from continuing operations           or geographical area of operations, which is
                                                                            adjusted for non-cash items, including items        part of a single coordinated plan for disposal.
                        86 400 refers to 86 400 Holdings Limited,
                                                                            such as hedging and fair value volatility, the      Distributions
                        86 400 Pty Ltd and 86 400 Technology Pty Ltd,
                                                                            amortisation of acquired intangible assets
                        the entities acquired by the Group in May 2021.                                                         Payments to holders of equity instruments
                                                                            and gains or losses and certain other items
                        AA1000 Stakeholder Engagement Standard                                                                  other than ordinary shares, including National
                                                                            associated with the acquisition, integration,
                                                                                                                                Income Securities.
                        The standard is designed to enable                  disposal or closure of Group businesses.
                        organisations to respond to stakeholders in a                                                           EaR
                                                                            Cash return on equity (cash ROE)
                        comprehensive and balanced way. These are                                                               Earnings at risk.
                                                                            Cash earnings after tax expressed as
                        based on the principles Inclusivity, Materiality,                                                       Earnings per share - basic
                                                                            a percentage of total average equity
                        Responsiveness, and Impact.
                                                                            (attributable to owners of the Company).            Calculated as net profit attributable to
                        AASB                                                                                                    ordinary equity holders of the parent
                                                                            CGU
                        Australian Accounting Standards Board.                                                                  (statutory basis) or cash earnings (cash
                                                                            Cash-generating unit.
                        Accountable Person                                                                                      earnings basis), divided by the weighted
                                                                            Citigroup                                           average number of ordinary shares.
                        An accountable person for the purposes of
                                                                            Citigroup Pty Limited and Citigroup Overseas        Earnings per share - diluted
                        the Banking Act 1959 (Cth).
                                                                            Investment Corporation.
                        Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital                                                                         Calculated as net profit attributable to
                                                                            Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital                 ordinary equity holders of the parent
                        AT1 capital comprises high quality
                                                                            The highest quality component of capital. CET1      (statutory basis) or cash earnings (cash
                        components of capital that provide a
                                                                            capital ranks behind the claims of depositors       earnings basis), divided by the weighted




For personal use only
                        permanent and unrestricted commitment of
                                                                            and other creditors in the event of winding         average number of ordinary shares, after
                        funds, are freely available to absorb losses,
                                                                            up of the issuer, absorbs losses as and             adjusting both earnings and the weighted
                        rank behind the claims of depositors and
                                                                            when they occur, has full flexibility of dividend   average number of ordinary shares for the
                        other more senior creditors in the event of
                                                                            payments and has no maturity date. CET1             impact of dilutive potential ordinary shares.
                        winding up of the issuer, and provide for fully
                                                                            capital consists of paid-up ordinary share          Economic adjustments
                        discretionary capital distributions.
                                                                            capital, retained profits and certain other
                        ADI                                                                                                     The economic adjustment forms part of the
                                                                            items as defined in APS 111 Capital Adequacy:
                                                                                                                                provision for credit impairment derived from
                        Authorised Deposit-taking Institution.              Measurement of Capital.
                                                                                                                                reasonable and supportable forecasts of
                        AGM                                                 Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio                  potential future conditions (forward-looking
                        Annual General Meeting of National Australia        CET1 capital divided by risk-weighted assets.       information) that is not captured within the
                        Bank Limited.                                       Company                                             underlying credit provision. It incorporates
                        AML                                                                                                     general macro-economic forward-looking
                                                                            National Australia Bank Limited (NAB) ABN 12
                                                                                                                                information (for example, GDP, unemployment
                        Anti-Money Laundering.                              004 044 937.
                                                                                                                                and interest rates).
                        Annual Variable Reward (VR)                         Continuing operations
                                                                                                                                Effective tax rate
                        An 'at risk' opportunity for individuals            Continuing operations are the components
                                                                                                                                Income tax expense divided by profit before
                        to receive an annual performance-based              of the Group which are not
                                                                                                                                income tax expense.
                        reward. The actual VR that an individual will       discontinued operations.
                        receive in any particular year will reflect both                                                        Employee NPS
                                                                            CO2-e (carbon dioxide equivalent)
                        business and individual performance.                                                                    Measurement of the likelihood of our
                                                                            The common unit of measure for the
                        APRA                                                                                                    colleagues to recommend NAB as a bank
                                                                            expression of Greenhouse Gas (GHG)
                                                                                                                                based on their experience as a NAB customer.
                        Australian Prudential Regulation Authority.         emissions. Each unit of GHG has a different
                                                                            global warming potential. Therefore, all            Enforceable Undertaking (EU)
                        APS
                                                                            greenhouse gases are converted back                 An enforceable undertaking under subsection
                        Prudential Standards issued by APRA                 to tonnes (tCO2-e) of carbon dioxide                197(1) of the Anti-Money Laundering and
                        applicable to ADIs.                                 equivalent to enable consistent comparison          Counter-Terrorism Financing Act 2006 (Cth)
                        ASIC                                                and measurement.                                    entered into between NAB and the CEO of
                        Australian Securities and                           CTF                                                 AUSTRAC on 29 April 2022, in relation to
                        Investments Commission.                                                                                 concerns identified by AUSTRAC with the
                                                                            Counter-Terrorism Financing.
                                                                                                                                Group’s compliance with certain AML and CTF
                        ASX                                                 Customer deposits                                   requirements which were the subject of a
                        Australian Securities Exchange Limited (or the      The sum of interest bearing, non-interest           formal investigation by AUSTRAC.
                        market operated by it).                             bearing and term deposits (including retail         Environmental reporting year
                        AUSTRAC                                             and corporate deposits).
                                                                                                                                Environmental reporting period from 1 July to
                        Australian Transaction Reports and                  D-SIB                                               30 June. Aligned with the National Greenhouse
                        Analysis Centre.                                    Domestic Systemically Important Banks.              and Energy Reporting Act 2007 (Cth).
                        Available stable funding (ASF)                      Default                                             Executive Leadership Team (ELT)
                        The portion of an ADI's capital and liabilities     Default occurs when a loan obligation is            Executive Leadership Team means the Group
                        expected to be reliably provided over a one-        contractually 90 days or more past due, or          CEO and the Group Executives.
                        year time horizon.                                  when it is considered unlikely that the credit      Fair value
                        Average interest earning assets                     obligation to the Group will be paid in full
                                                                                                                                The price that would be received to sell an
                        The average balance of assets held by the           without remedial action, such as realisation
                                                                                                                                asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
                        Group over the period that generate interest        of security.
                                                                                                                                transaction between market participants at
                        income, adjusted for discontinued operations.       Default but not impaired assets                     measurement date.
                        Bank levy                                           Calculated as 'Non-performing exposures'            Fair value (for the purposes of equity
                        A levy imposed under the Major Bank Levy Act        less 'Impaired assets'. Includes loans that         awards set out in the Remuneration Report)
                        2017 (Cth) on ADIs with total liabilities of more   have been classified as restructured in
                                                                                                                                The value of the awards provided are
                        than $100 billion.                                  accordance with APS 220 Credit Risk
                                                                                                                                measured by reference to the grant date fair
                                                                            Management which are assessed as no loss
                        BBSW                                                                                                    value of the shares and performance rights
                                                                            based on security held.
                        Bank Bill Swap Rate.                                                                                    provided to employees. The grant date fair
                                                                            Dilutive potential ordinary share                   value of each share is determined by the
                        BNZ                                                                                                     market value of NAB shares, and is generally
                                                                            A financial instrument or other contract that
                        Bank of New Zealand, a subsidiary in the            may entitle its holder to ordinary shares and       a five-day weighted average share price. The
                        NAB Group.                                          which would have the effect of decreasing           fair value of the shares and performance
                        Business lending                                    earnings per share. For the Group in the            rights with market performance hurdles is
                        Lending to non-retail customers including           2025 financial year, these include convertible      determined using a simulated version of the
                        overdrafts, asset and lease financing, term         notes and notes issued under employee               Black-Scholes model.
                        lending, bill acceptances, foreign currency         incentive schemes.                                  FAR
                        loans, international and trade finance,                                                                 Financial Accountability Regime.
                        securitisation and specialised finance.




                        256   National Australia Bank
                        FAR accountable person                            Hedging and fair value volatility                  Long-Term Variable Reward (LTVR)
                        For the purposes of the FAR, NAB has              This volatility represents timing differences      An 'at risk' opportunity for the ELT to receive
                        registered certain individuals (the directors,    between the unrealised gains or losses             a long-term performance-based reward,

                                                                                                                                                                                    About
                        Group Executives, Executive Internal Audit and    recognised over the term of the transactions       vesting after a four-year performance period
                        Executive Group Money Laundering Reporting        and the ultimate economic outcome which            subject to the applicable performance hurdle.
                        Officer) as ‘Accountable Persons’ with APRA       will only be realised in future. This volatility   The actual LTVR that an individual will receive

                                                                                                                                                                                 this report
                        and ASIC.                                         arises primarily from fair value movements         on vesting will reflect achievement of the
                        Financed emissions                                relating to trading derivatives held for risk      performance hurdle.
                                                                          management purposes; fair value movements          Market-based accounting
                        Indirect GHG emissions attributable to
                                                                          relating to assets, liabilities and derivatives
                        financial institutions due to their involvement                                                      An emissions accounting approach that
                                                                          designated in hedge relationships; and fair
                        in providing capital or financing to the                                                             allows total electricity consumption to
                                                                          value movements relating to assets and
                        original emitter. Financed emissions are                                                             be reduced by the megawatt hours of
                                                                          liabilities designated at fair value.
                        included within Category 15 'Investments' of                                                         renewable electricity consumed by the
                        the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Standard.             High-quality liquid assets (HQLA)                  company before applying an emissions

                                                                                                                                                                                 Our business
                        FirstCape NZ                                      Consists primarily of cash, deposits with          factor to grid-imported electricity. Market-
                                                                          central banks, Australian government and           based accounting therefore recognises
                        FirstCape Group Limited was established
                                                                          semi-government securities and securities          the surrender of Large-scale Generation
                        to combine the Group’s New Zealand

                                                                                                                                                                                    in 2025
                                                                          issued by foreign sovereigns as defined in APS     Certificates (LGCs), which are tradable
                        wealth businesses and Jarden Wealth
                                                                          210 Liquidity.                                     certificates representing 1 megawatt-hour of
                        and Asset Management Holdings Limited’s
                                                                          Housing lending                                    renewable electricity generated, as evidence
                        wealth and asset management business.
                                                                                                                             of renewable electricity use.
                        References to FirstCape NZ in this document       Mortgages secured by residential properties
                        refer to FirstCape Group Limited and/or           as collateral.                                     MLC Life
                        its subsidiaries.                                 Human rights                                       Nippon Life Insurance Australia and New
                        Fixed Remuneration (FR)                                                                              Zealand Limited (formerly MLC Limited).
                                                                          The basic rights and freedoms that belong to




                                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value




For personal use only
                        Base salary and superannuation paid regularly     every person simply because they are human         MLC Wealth
                        during the year.                                  beings. These rights are universal, inalienable,   MLC Wealth was the Group’s Wealth division
                        FLP                                               and apply regardless of nationality, ethnicity,    which provided superannuation, investments,
                                                                          gender, religion, or any other status. Human       asset management and financial advice to
                        Funding for Lending Program.
                                                                          rights include the right to life and liberty,      retail, corporate and institutional customers,
                        Forward-looking adjustment (FLA)                  freedom from slavery and torture, freedom of       supported by several brands including MLC,
                        Forward-looking adjustments reflect part          opinion and expression, the right to work and      Plum and investment brands under MLC
                        of the provision for credit impairment            education, and many more.                          Asset Management. The sale of MLC Wealth
                        derived from reasonable and supportable           IFRS                                               to Insignia Financial Ltd completed on
                        forecasts of potential future conditions                                                             31 May 2021.
                                                                          International Financial Reporting Standards
                        (forward-looking information) that are not                                                           NAB
                                                                          as issued by the International Accounting
                        otherwise captured within the underlying
                                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate
                                                                          Standards Board (IASB).                            'NAB' or the 'Company' means National Australia
                        credit provision or the economic adjustments.
                                                                          Impaired assets                                    Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937.
                        They incorporate more targeted sector-
                                                                                                                                                                                Governance
                        specific forward-looking information.             Consists of: Retail loans (excluding unsecured     NAB Foundation
                        Full-time equivalent employees (FTEs)             portfolio managed facilities) which are            A registered charity which does not form part
                                                                                                                                                                                 Statement
                                                                          contractually 90 days or more past due with        of the Group.
                        Includes all full-time, part-time, temporary,
                                                                          security insufficient to cover principal and       NAB risk management
                        fixed term and casual employee equivalents,
                                                                          interest or where sufficient doubt exists
                        as well as agency temporary employees and                                                            Management of interest rate risk in the
                                                                          about the ability to collect principal and
                        external contractors either self-employed                                                            banking book, wholesale funding and liquidity
                                                                          interest in a timely manner. Non-retail loans
                        or employed by a third party agency. Note:                                                           requirements and trading market risk to
                                                                          which are contractually past due and / or
                        this excludes consultants, IT professional                                                           support the Group’s franchises.
                                                                          where there is sufficient doubt the ability
                        services, outsourced service providers and

                                                                                                                                                                                    Risk
                                                                          to collect principal and interest. Off-balance     Net interest margin (NIM)
                        non-executive directors.
                                                                          sheet credit exposures where current               Net interest income derived on a cash
                        Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions                    circumstances indicate that losses may             earnings basis expressed as a percentage of
                                                                          be incurred. Unsecured portfolio managed

                                                                                                                                                                                 management
                        Gaseous pollutants released into the                                                                 average interest earning assets.
                        atmosphere that amplify the greenhouse            facilities that are 180 days or more past due      Net Promoter Score (NPS)
                        effect. Gases responsible include                 (if not written off).
                                                                                                                             Net Promoter® and NPS® are registered
                        carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide,           Imputation credit                                  trademarks of Bain & Company, Inc., NICE
                        hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons and
                                                                          Tax credit passed on to shareholders               Systems, Inc., and Fred Reichheld. Net
                        sulphur hexafluoride.
                                                                          who receive partially or fully franked             Promoter ScoreSM is a service mark of Bain
                        Gross Domestic Product (GDP)                      dividend / distribution.                           & Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc., and Fred
                        GDP is the market value of finished goods and     Just transition                                    Reichheld. NPS measures the likelihood of a


                                                                                                                                                                                   Report of
                        services produced within a country in a given                                                        customer's recommendation to others.
                                                                          Global effort to transition to a low carbon
                        period of time.                                                                                      Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)
                                                                          economy in a way that is as fair and inclusive
                        Gross loans and acceptances (GLAs)                as possible to all people, creating decent         A ratio of the amount of available stable

                                                                                                                                                                                 the Directors
                        Total loans, advances and acceptances,            work opportunities and leaving no one behind.      funding (ASF) to the amount of required stable
                        including unearned and deferred fee income,       Key Management Personnel (KMP)                     funding (RSF).
                        excluding associated provisions for expected                                                         Non-performing exposures
                                                                          NAB's Key Management Personnel (KMP) is
                        credit losses. Calculated as the sum of
                                                                          assessed each year and comprises the non-          Exposures which are in default aligned to the
                        'Acceptances', 'Loans and advances at
                                                                          executive directors of NAB, the Group CEO          definition in APS 220 Credit Risk Management.
                        fair value’ and ‘Loans and advances at
                                                                          (an executive director of NAB) and those           Official Cash Rate
                        amortised cost’.
                                                                          employees of the Group who have authority




                                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
                        Group                                             and responsibility for planning, directing and     Official Cash Rate is an interest rate set by
                                                                          controlling the activities of both NAB and         the Reserve Bank of Australia and the Reserve
                        NAB and its controlled entities.
                                                                          the Group.                                         Bank of New Zealand in their respective
                        Group Executives                                                                                     jurisdictions and economies.
                        The ELT, excluding the Group CEO.                 Lifetime expected credit losses (ECL)
                                                                                                                             PPS
                        Group Performance Indicators (GPI)                The ECL that result from all possible
                                                                          default events over the expected life of a         Perpetual preference shares.
                        A scorecard of financial and non-financial        financial instrument.                              PRB
                        performance measures linked to the Group’s
                                                                          Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR)                     Principles for Responsible Banking.
                        key strategic priorities, overlaid by a
                        qualitative assessment. The GPI is used to        A metric that measures the adequacy of             RBA
                        assess the Group’s performance for the            HQLA available to meet net cash outflows           Reserve Bank of Australia.
                        purpose of the Annual VR Plan.                    over a 30-day period during a severe liquidity
                                                                                                                             RBNZ
                                                                          stress scenario.

                                                                                                                                                                                  Additional
                                                                                                                             Reserve Bank of New Zealand.
                                                                                                                             Required stable funding (RSF)


                                                                                                                                                                                 information
                                                                                                                             The amount of stable funding an ADI is
                                                                                                                             required to hold measured as a function
                                                                                                                             of the liquidity characteristics and residual
                                                                                                                             maturities of the various assets held by an ADI,
                                                                                                                             including off-balance sheet exposures.


                                                                                                                                                    2025 Annual Report   257
                        Restructured loans                                  Sector decarbonisation targets                    UNEP FI Guidelines
                        Consists of facilities where a borrower is          Refers to interim 2030 sector-specific            United Nations Environment Programme
                        experiencing financial difficulty or hardship in    decarbonisation targets set towards               Finance Initiative Guidelines for Climate Target
                        meeting their credit obligation or is in default,   achieving over-arching net zero emissions         Setting for Banks.
                        and a non-commercial concession is granted          by 2050 targets. Also referred to as              Value at Risk (VaR)
                        to the borrower that would not otherwise be         'sector targets'.
                                                                                                                              A mathematical technique that uses
                        considered and the concession is outside of         Securitisation                                    statistical analysis of historical data to
                        that which would be provided under normal
                                                                            Structured finance technique which involves       estimate the likelihood that a given portfolio’s
                        market conditions.
                                                                            pooling, packaging cash flows and converting      losses will exceed a certain amount.
                        Risk-weighted assets (RWA)                          financial assets into securities that can be      Weighted average number of
                        A quantitative measure of risk required by the      sold to investors.                                ordinary shares
                        APRA risk-based capital adequacy framework,         SME
                        covering credit risk for on-and off-balance                                                           The number of ordinary shares outstanding
                                                                            Small and medium-sized enterprises.               at the beginning of the period, adjusted by
                        sheet exposures, market risk, operational risk
                        and interest rate risk in the banking book.         Statutory net profit                              the number of ordinary shares bought back
                                                                                                                              or issued during the period multiplied by
                        RMBS                                                Net profit attributable to owners of
                                                                                                                              a time-weighting factor. The time-weighting
                                                                            the Company.
                        Residential Mortgage Backed Securities.                                                               factor is the number of days that the shares
                                                                            Statutory return on equity                        are outstanding as a proportion of the total
                        Royal Commission
                                                                            Statutory earnings after tax expressed            number of days in the period.
                        The Royal Commission into Misconduct
                                                                            as a percentage of total average equity
                        in the Banking, Superannuation and
                                                                            (attributable to owners of the Company),
                        Financial Services Industry established on
                                                                            calculated on a statutory basis.
                        14 December 2017 by the Governor-General
                        of the Commonwealth of Australia to                 Structured deposits
                        conduct a formal public inquiry into Australian     Structured deposits have notice periods




For personal use only
                        financial institutions.                             which extend their behavioural maturity
                        Salient human rights                                beyond their initial contractual maturity and
                                                                            pricing construct. They include Rolling Deposit
                        Salient human rights are determined based on
                                                                            Accounts, Retail Look Through and Notice
                        the risks to people, but with recognition of the
                                                                            Saver deposits.
                        correlation to business risk.
                                                                            Structured entity
                        Scope 1
                                                                            An entity created to accomplish a narrow
                        This includes direct emissions from within an
                                                                            well-defined objective (e.g., securitisation of
                        organisation’s boundary. These emissions are
                                                                            financial assets). A structured entity may take
                        from sources that the organisation owns or
                                                                            the form of a corporation, trust, partnership
                        controls such as:
                                                                            or unincorporated entity. Structured entities
                        • Combustion of fuel in boilers, furnace or         are often created with legal arrangements
                           generators that are owned or controlled          that impose strict limits on the activities of
                           by the reporting company.                        the structured entity.
                        • Generation of electricity, steam or heat in
                                                                            TCFD
                           equipment that is owned or controlled by
                           the reporting company.                           The Financial Stability Board Task Force on
                                                                            Climate-related Financial Disclosures.
                        • Business travel in vehicles such as
                           company cars or corporate jets that              Tier 1 capital
                           are owned or controlled by the                   Tier 1 capital comprises CET1 capital and
                           reporting company, colleague commuting           instruments that meet the criteria for
                           in company-owned or controlled vehicles,         inclusion as Additional Tier 1 capital set out
                           such as company cars.                            in APS 111 Capital Adequacy: Measurement
                        • Hydrofluorocarbon emissions                       of Capital.
                           from company-owned or                            Tier 1 capital ratio
                           controlled refrigeration or air-                 Tier 1 capital divided by risk-weighted assets.
                           conditioning equipment.
                                                                            Tier 2 capital
                        Scope 2
                                                                            Tier 2 capital includes components of capital
                        Indirect emissions from electricity that is used    that, to varying degrees, fall short of the
                        by the organisation but is generated outside        quality of Tier 1 capital but nonetheless
                        the organisation’s boundary by another              contribute to the overall strength of an ADI
                        company, such as an electricity provider.           and its capacity to absorb losses.
                        This is called ‘purchased electricity’. This
                        includes indirect emissions from purchased or       Top quartile
                        acquired electricity, steam, heat or cooling.       Top quartile colleague engagement
                        Scope 3                                             comparison is based upon Glint’s client group
                                                                            (domestic and global, from all industries).
                        All other indirect emissions that occur outside
                        the boundary of the organisation as a result        Total average assets
                        of the activities of the organisation, including    The average balance of assets held by
                        indirect emissions from:                            the Group over the period, adjusted for
                        • Business travel in non-company owned              discontinued operations.
                             or controlled vehicles, such as                Total capital
                             rental cars, colleague cars, rail and          Tier 1 capital plus Tier 2 capital.
                             commercial planes.
                                                                            Total capital ratio
                        • Combustion of fuel in boilers or
                             furnaces not owned or controlled by the        Total capital divided by risk-weighted assets.
                             reporting company.                             Total Shareholder Return (TSR)
                        • Energy used by colleagues working                 The return that a shareholder receives
                             from home.                                     through dividends (and any other
                        • Third-party production or manufacture             distributions) together with capital gains over
                             of materials and resources used by the         a specific period.
                             reporting company, such as furniture,          Treasury shares
                             paper and equipment.                           Shares issued to meet the requirements of
                        • Indirect losses resulting from the                employee incentive schemes which have not
                             transmission of electricity and other fuels.   yet been distributed.
                        • Emissions generated through the                   Underlying profit / loss
                             investments a company makes, refer to
                                                                            Underlying profit / loss is a non-IFRS
                             definition for 'Financed emissions'.
                                                                            performance measure used by the Group.
                                                                            It represents cash earnings before credit
                                                                            impairment charges and income tax expense.




                        258   National Australia Bank
                This page has been intentionally left blank.




For personal use only
                This page has been intentionally left blank.




For personal use only
For personal use only




                www.nab.com.au/shareholder
                The cover of this publication is printed on Revive Laser paper stock. Revive Laser is 100% Recycled, manufactured from Forest Stewardship Council®
                (FSC®) Recycled certified fibre and manufactured carbon neutral. It is produced by an ISO14001 (environmental management system) certified mill.
                No chlorine bleaching occurs in the recycling process. The text of this publication is printed on Sumo Laser paper stock. Sumo Laser is an
                environmentally responsible paper manufactured under the ISO14001 Environmental Management System, using elemental chlorine free pulp.
                Sumo Laser is FSC® Certified Mix pulp. The printer’s operation is accredited to ISO 14001 and ISO 9001 (quality management system) standards and
                holds FSC® (chain of Custody) certification.
                This publication is fully recyclable, please dispose of wisely. Emissions generated from the production of this Annual Report have been offset.
                Offsets corresponding to 7,421 kg of CO2-e have been retired.


                © 2025 National Australia Bank Limited 12 004 044 937 AFSL and Australian Credit Licence 230686 A178490-1024
