Annual
Report
2023




National Australia Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937
National Australia Bank Limited
ABN 12 004 044 937
This 2023 Annual Report (Report) is lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments
Commission and ASX Limited. National Australia Bank Limited (NAB) is publicly listed in Australia.
The Report contains information prepared on the basis of the Banking Act 1959 (Cth), Corporations
Act 2001 (Cth), 4th edition ASX Corporate Governance Councilʼs Corporate Governance Principles
and Recommendations, Accounting Standards and interpretations issued by the Australian
Accounting Standards Board and International Financial Reporting Standards and interpretations
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. It also provides information on the
Groupʼs activities and performance in 2023, showing how the Group is creating value through its
strategy, operating environment, governance and financial and non-financial activities. NAB also
produces a Climate Report which can be viewed online at nab.com.au/annualreports.
To view the Report online, visit www.nab.com.au/annualreports. Alternatively, to arrange for a copy
to be sent to you free of charge, call the shareholder information line on 1300 367 647 from within
Australia or +61 3 9415 4299 from outside Australia. Nothing in the Report is, or should be taken as,
an offer of securities in NAB for issue or sale, or an invitation to apply for the purchase of such
securities. All figures in the Report are in Australian dollars unless otherwise stated.
2023 Reporting Suite
 Acknowledgement of Country

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               About
 NAB acknowledges Australia’s First Nations people as the Traditional Custodians of the land and their continuing
 connection to country, sea and water. We pay respect to their Elders past and present.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             this report
 We make this acknowledgement with the ambition to continue supporting a reconciled Australia through our actions and
 voice. This is backed by why we are here: to serve customers well and help our communities prosper.
 “Indigenous Australians”, "Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander" and "First Nations people" (or "First Nations Australians")
 are used interchangeably throughout this report. By intent, these terms refer to Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander
 peoples of Australia. These terms, however, do not reflect the diversity of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples. NAB
 acknowledges that many Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people prefer to be known by other cultural names.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Our business

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                in 2023
2023 Annual Report
                                                                                                                      NAB’s 2023 Annual Report provides information on the Group’s activities and performance
                                                                                                                      during 2023. It outlines how NAB is creating value through its strategy, operating environment,
                                                                                                                      governance, financial and non-financial activities.
          Annual
          Report                                                                                                      The Annual Report draws on aspects of the International Integrated Reporting Framework. It is
          2023                                                                                                        supported by the additional documents outlined below.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Creating value
                                                                                                                      Report Structure
                                                                                                                      Pages 12 to 55 contain information on the Group’s business, strategy, operating environment
                                                                                                                      and performance. These pages outline performance relevant to customers, colleagues, climate
                                                                                                                      change and environment, technology, data and security, and communities. Stakeholder feedback
                                                                                                                      was considered in the shaping of this section (refer to What matters most on page 24 for
                                                                                                                      more information).
                                                                                                                      Pages 61 to 85 contain NAB’s 2023 Corporate Governance Statement, which discloses how the
                                                                                                                      ASX Corporate Governance Council’s ‘Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations –
                                                                                                                      4th edition’ have been complied with.
                                                                                                                      Pages 102 to 156 contain key components of the Report of the Directors.                                                                                                                Corporate
                                                                                                                      Pages 115 to 154 contain the Remuneration Report.
          National Australia Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937
                                                                                                                      Pages 159 to 255 contain the Financial Report.                                                                                                                                        Governance
Assurance                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Statement
The Remuneration Report on pages 115 to 154 and Financial Report on pages 159 to 255 have been audited by EY. The assurance
statement for the Financial Report and Remuneration Report is on pages 256 to 261.
EY provides limited assurance over 25 key non-financial sustainability metrics and performance disclosures and a further seven metrics
relating to NAB's Reconciliation Action Plan as outlined in EY's limited assurance statement on pages 56 to 59.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Risk
KPMG provides assurance over selected environmental measures disclosed across NAB's reporting suite. KPMG’s assurance statements
are available on NAB's website at nab.com.au/about-us/social-impact/shareholders/performance-and-reporting.



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             management
Additional documents

  Full Year                                                      Full Year Results                                                       Climate                                                Pillar 3 Report
  Results
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Sustainability
                                                                 2023                                                                    Report                                                 as at 30 September 2023
  2023                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Data Pack
                                                                 Management discussion and analysis                                      2023                                                   Incorporating the requirements of APS 330              2023




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Report of
  Investor Presentation
  9 November 2023
  Ross McEwan
  Chief Executive Officer
  Nathan Goonan
  Chief Financial Officer




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             the Directors


  National Australia Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937
                                                                 National Australia Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937

                                                                                                                                         National Australia Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937     National Australia Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Financial report
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       National Australia Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937




2023 Full Year Results                                         Management                                                              2023 Climate Report                                    2023 Pillar 3 Report                                   2023 Sustainability
Investor Presentation                                          Discussion                                                              Provides stakeholders                                  Describes the Group's                                  Data Pack
Information designed                                           and Analysis                                                            with information on                                    approach to risk                                       Provides further detail
for analysts and                                               Management                                                              the Group's approach                                   management and                                         on the Group's ESG
institutional investors                                        discussion and                                                          to climate change                                      provides details about                                 performance, in addition
which accompanies                                              analysis of the                                                         and how it manages                                     risk exposures, capital                                to the material themes
the Group's Full Year                                          Group's results for                                                     associated risks and                                   adequacy and liquidity.                                covered in the Annual
Results Presentation.                                          the year ended                                                          opportunities. The                                                                                            Report and the
                                                               30 September 2023.                                                      report is guided by                                                                                           Climate Report.
                                                                                                                                       the recommendations
                                                                                                                                       of the Financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Additional
                                                                                                                                       Stability Board's Task
                                                                                                                                       Force on Climate-

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             information
                                                                                                                                       related Financial
                                                                                                                                       Disclosures (TCFD).
2023 Reporting Suite (cont.)




Additional information
Certain definitions
The Group's financial year ends on 30 September. The financial year ended 30 September 2023 is referred to as 2023 and other
financial years are referred to in a corresponding manner. Reference in this document to the year ended September 2023 are
references to the twelve months ended 30 September 2023. Reference in this document to the environmental reporting year are
references to the twelve months ended 30 June 2023. Other twelve month periods referred to in this document are referred to in
a corresponding manner.
The abbreviations $m and $bn represent millions and thousands of millions (i.e. billions) of Australian dollars respectively.
Key terms used in this report are contained in the Glossary.

Forward looking statements
This report contains statements that are, or may be deemed to be, forward looking statements. These forward looking
statements may be identified by the use of forward looking terminology, including the terms "believe", "estimate", "plan",
"project", "anticipate", "expect", "goal", “target”, "intend", “likely”, "may", "will", “could” or "should" or, in each case, their negative
or other variations or other similar expressions, or by discussions of strategy, plans, objectives, targets, goals, future events
or intentions. Indications of, and guidance on, future earnings and financial position and performance are also forward
looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward looking statements. Such forward looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors,
many of which are beyond the control of the Group, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or
implied in such statements. There can be no assurance that actual outcomes will not differ materially from these statements.
There are a number of other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in such
statements, including (without limitation) a significant change in the Group’s financial performance or operating environment; a
material change to law or regulation or changes to regulatory policy or interpretation; and risks and uncertainties associated
with the ongoing impacts of the Russia and Ukraine war, conflict in the Middle East and other geopolitical tensions, the Australian
and global economic environment and capital market conditions. Further detail is contained on page 89 under Disclosure on
Risk factors.
Contents
Our business in 2023                             2    Financial report                                              159
2023 at a glance                                 5    Income statements                                              160
                                                                                                                               About
Chair's message                                  6    Statements of comprehensive income                             161

CEO's message                                    8    Balance sheets                                                 162    this report
                                                      Statements of cash flows                                       163

Creating value                                  10    Statements of changes in equity                                165

                                                      Notes to the financial statements                              167

                                                                                                                            Our business
Our business                                     12
                                                      Directors' declaration                                        255
Strategy                                         13

                                                                                                                               in 2023
                                                      Report on the audit of the financial report                   256
What we will be known for                        14

Operating environment                            18

Creating value                                  20    Additional information                                    263
Sustainability approach                          21




                                                                                                                               Creating value
Customers                                       26    Glossary                                                      271
Colleagues                                      30

Climate change and environment                  37

Technology, data and security                   43

Helping our communities prosper                 47

Independent limited assurance statement         56
                                                                                                                            Corporate
                                                                                                                           Governance
Corporate Governance Statement                  61
                                                                                                                            Statement
Corporate Governance Framework                  63

Board of Directors                              64

Executive Leadership Team                       69

Key Board activities                            72                                                                             Risk


                                                                                                                            management
Board composition, diversity and performance    74

Board committees                                79

How We Work                                      81

Assurance and control                           84


                                                                                                                              Report of
Compliance with ASX corporate                   85
governance recommendations


                                                                                                                            the Directors
Risk management                                86
Risk management overview                        88




                                                                                                                               Financial report
Risk factors                                    89



Report of the Directors                        102
Operating and financial review                  104

Directors’ information                          113

Other matters                                   114

Remuneration Report                             115                                                                          Additional

                                                                                                                            information
Directors' signatures                           155

Auditor's independence declaration              156




                                                                                               2023 Annual Report      1
This page has been intentionally left blank.
                                               Corporate
   About      Our business                                    Risk        Report of                         Additional
                             Creating value   Governance                                Financial report
this report     in 2023                                    management   the Directors                      information
                                               Statement
                  Our
                  business
                  in 2023
This page has been intentionally left blank.
2023
 2023 at
      at a glance
         a glance

         Key financial performance measures                                                                                                                                                    About

                                                                                                                                                                                            this report

  Statutory net profit                       Dividends declared per                     Common Equity Tier 1                       Cash return on equity(1)


  $7.41bn                                                                                                                          12.9%
                                             share (for the full year)                  capital ratio



  7.5% increase from 2022                    $1.67
                                             $0.16 higher than 2022
                                                                                        12.22%
                                                                                        71 bp increase from 2022
                                                                                                                                   120 bp increase from 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                            Our business

  Cash earnings(1)                                                                                                                 Diluted Cash EPS (cents)(1)                                in 2023

  $7.73bn
  8.8% increase from 2022
                                                                                                                                   238.0
                                                                                                                                   12.4% increase from 2022




         Other key performance measures                                                                                                                                                        Creating value




  Net Promoter Score                         NPS - High Net Worth                       NPS - Business(2)(7)                       Positive social
                                                                                                                                                                                            Corporate
                                                                                        5
  (NPS) - Consumer(2)(3)                     and Mass Affluent(2)(5)                                                               impact through


  -2                                         -7
                                                                                                                                   financing affordable &
                                                                                                                                   specialist housing                                      Governance

                                                                                                                                   $2.2bn
                                                                                        #2 among major
  #1 among major                                                                        Australian banks                                                                                    Statement
                                             Equal #2 among major
  Australian banks
                                             Australian banks
                                                                                                                                   Progress against
                                                                                        Supporting customers                       cumulative target of
  Colleague                                                                             to decarbonise and                         $6 billion by 2029(9)

                                                                                                                                                                                               Risk
                                             Relationship Strength
  engagement score(4)                                                                   build resilience
                                             Index - Corporate(6)


  78                                         #2                                         $4.5bn                                                                                              management
  1 point above top quartile                                                            NAB's new green
                                             Among major
  target score of 77                                                                    lending, green CRE
                                             Australian banks
                                                                                        (REIT), securitisation,
                                                                                        and underwriting and


                                                                                                                                                                                              Report of
                                                                                        arranging activities(8)




 (1) Full detail on how cash earnings is defined, a discussion of non-cash earnings items and a full reconciliation of statutory net profit attributable to owners of NAB is set out        the Directors
     in Note 2 Segment information of the Financial Report on page 169. Statutory return on equity and statutory earnings per share (EPS) are presented on page 106.
 (2) Net Promoter® and NPS® are registered trademarks and Net Promoter Score and Net Promoter Systems are trademarks of Bain & Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc. and Fred
     Reichheld.
 (3) Sourced from DBM Consumer Atlas (part of RFI Global), measured on 6 month rolling average to September 2023. Consumer NPS excludes consumers with Personal income of




                                                                                                                                                                                               Financial report
     $260k+ and/or investible assets $1m+. Ranking based on absolute scores, not statistically significant differences.
 (4) 2023 Heartbeat Survey conducted by Glint, score based on July 2023 survey. Includes Australia and New Zealand colleagues, excludes external contractors, consultants and
     temporary colleagues.
 (5) Sourced from DBM Consumer Atlas (part of RFI Global), measured on 6 month rolling average to September 2023. Based on all consumers, 18+, in either High Net Worth
     definition or Mass Affluent definition and on equal (50:50) combined weighting of included segments. Mass Affluent includes consumers with Personal income of $260k+ and
     investible assets less than $2.5m and/or investible assets $1m<$2.5m, High Net Worth includes consumers with Investible assets of $2.5m+. Ranking based on absolute scores,
     not statistically significant differences.
 (6) Peter Lee Associates – Large Corporate and Institutional Relationship Banking Survey Australia 2023. Ranking against all banks included in survey.
 (7) Sourced from DBM Business Atlas (part of RFI Global), measured on 6 month rolling average to September 2023. Business NPS is based on equal (25:25:25:25) combined
     weighting of NAB turnover segments: Micro (Up to $100k turnover), Small ($100k - $5m turnover), Medium ($5m - $50m turnover), Large ($50m+). Ranking based on absolute
     scores, not statistically significant differences.
 (8) Comprises CBI compliant and Green Bond Principles (GBP) aligned green lending associated with NAB’s Green Bond Framework, including renewables, green CRE (REIT)
     lending, low carbon transport, water infrastructure, electrical grids and storage and forestry, land conservation and restoration and green securitisation for new 2023


                                                                                                                                                                                             Additional
     lending drawn amounts ($2.6 billion), sustainability-linked loan lending, based on proportion of KPIs that are environmentally related and new 2023 underwriting and
     arranging activities ($1.9 billion) as at 30 September 2023. For more information, refer to the Environmental financing section on page 55 and the Environmental financing
     methodology section on page 74 of NAB’s 2023 Climate Report


                                                                                                                                                                                            information
 (9) Affordable and specialist housing includes affordable housing, specialist disability accommodation and sustainable housing. Refer to the Affordable and specialist housing
     section of this report on page 29 for further details.




                                                                                                                                                           2023 Annual Report          5
Chair's message
Strength and stability
Our consistent execution of the bank’s strategy over multiple
years is continuing to benefit NAB’s customers, employees
and shareholders. We are making steady progress in building
the bank we want and that work continues.
Our executive leadership team is delivering consistently and
demonstrating discipline in how the bank operates. This
includes prioritising the experiences of our customers and
our people. We are seeing the outcomes of this through our
Net Promoter Score(1) and market share while our employee
engagement is growing. The calibre of our senior people has
been demonstrated through internal appointments to senior
executive roles during the year.
This capability has enabled us to grow the bank safely and
support our customers in a complex economic environment.
We are improving the culture within NAB, with a strong focus on
the impact we have in the communities we serve. Culture and
risk management remain front of mind for all of us.                                     Preparing for the future
The outstanding regulatory issues identified through the                                We are focused on securing NAB’s position for the long term.
Financial Services Royal Commission have largely been closed.                           The economic environment remains uncertain and there are
Matters relating to NAB’s Enforceable Undertaking with                                  new and emerging risks to be managed. While the Australian
AUSTRAC are progressing to plan.                                                        economy is slowing, it is still growing.
Lessons learned guide our approach to keeping the bank safe,                            Australia is in a good position and we are cautiously optimistic
protecting customers and innovating to be a leading financial                           for the future while being alert to geopolitical tensions and
services provider.                                                                      the impact that these may have.
                                                                                        We are modernising our technology and our digital, data and
Financially secure bank
                                                                                        analytics capability.
An increase in underlying earnings this year reflects positive
                                                                                        At the same time, we are ensuring the bank is well
contributions from all businesses. The Board has determined
                                                                                        prepared for further shifts in the global operating environment
dividends for the year of 167 cents per share, returning
                                                                                        and acting to strengthen communities and build value
$5.2 billion in total to shareholders.
                                                                                        for shareholders.
For the third consecutive year we have undertaken a
                                                                                        Where appropriate, we will engage in and take action to
share buy-back while maintaining healthy capital levels. This
                                                                                        support broader community issues where there is benefit for
supports our ambition to progressively manage down our
                                                                                        our customers, community and the bank. These decisions
share count and support shareholder returns.
                                                                                        are made after careful consideration of a range of views.
Over the three years to September 2023, total shareholder                               During the year we supported the ‘Yes’ campaign on the
return was 85.8 per cent, against an average return of 65.2 per                         referendum for an indigenous Voice. This was done because
cent for NAB’s major bank peers.                                                        of our strong interest in addressing First Nations disadvantage
The Board has determined executive and employee                                         in the communities in which we operate. We continue to work
remuneration outcomes based on the bank’s performance                                   towards reconciliation through our own Reconciliation Action
against the targets set in NAB’s 2023 plan. These are                                   Plan and growing indigenous businesses.
aligned with shareholder outcomes and include financial                                 Global decarbonisation is gathering pace and there is a
performance, market share growth, customer outcomes                                     growing urgency to transition economies faster.
and colleague engagement. These outcomes reflect good
                                                                                        What we achieve from now to 2030 is critically important
progress of our strategy. The Board is focused on maintaining
                                                                                        and Australia needs to act quickly to set up our economy to
responsible levels of executive remuneration.
                                                                                        capitalise on the opportunity before us.
Board renewal                                                                           This year NAB has set 2030 decarbonisation targets for
We were pleased to announce the appointment of Christine                                another three emissions-intensive priority sectors: aluminium,
Fellowes, Carolyn Kay and Alison Kitchen to the NAB Board, to                           iron and steel, and aviation. This builds on targets set last
be considered by NAB’s shareholders at our Annual General                               year for power generation, oil and gas, thermal coal mining
Meeting (AGM) in December. Our existing directors Simon                                 and cement production. We plan to set targets for another
McKeon and Ann Sherry will also stand for re-election with our                          three sectors by May next year, in line with our requirements
full support.                                                                           as a member of the UN-convened Net Zero Banking Alliance
                                                                                        and our ambition to align our lending portfolio to net zero
At the same time and after having each served three terms
                                                                                        emissions by 2050.
of three years, David Armstrong and Peeyush Gupta will
retire from the NAB Board at the conclusion of the AGM. On                              On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank you for
behalf of all shareholders, I thank them for their significant                          your ongoing support as shareholders. I would also like to
contributions in this period.                                                           recognise NAB’s team of more than 38,000 for the work they do
                                                                                        serving customers well and helping our communities prosper.
These changes are in line with NAB’s Board renewal strategy
and desire to bring relevant new skills, experience and
broader diversity to the Board.

    (1) Net Promoter® and NPS® are registered trademarks and Net Promoter Score and Net Promoter Systems are trademarks of Bain & Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc., and
        Fred Reichheld.


6       National Australia Bank
Chair's message (cont.)




We are fortunate to have Ross McEwan as CEO. Ross has never
wavered from his intent to have NAB operating as a good bank
that does the basics well for customers. NAB has come a
long way in recent years. There’s still more to do, and we are                                About
pleased with the progress being made.
                                                                                           this report


 Philip Chronican,
 Chair


                                                                                           Our business

                                                                                             in 2023




                                                                                              Creating value




                                                                                           Corporate
                                                                                          Governance
                                                                                           Statement




                                                                                              Risk


                                                                                           management




                                                                                             Report of


                                                                                           the Directors




                                                                                              Financial report




                                                                                            Additional

                                                                                           information




                                                                 2023 Annual Report   7
CEO's message
Building momentum and capability
NAB’s strategy is in its fourth year and our results
demonstrate we are making progress to be a simpler, better
performing bank.
Pleasingly we have delivered a strong financial performance
this year with positive contributions across each of our
divisions, in a more challenging environment.
We are seeing the benefits of the deliberate choices we
are making about where we invest. Our leading Business and
Private Banking division has continued its record of strong
growth. This is a great business built on strong relationships
and we are determined to make it even better.
The second half saw our financial results soften as the
impact of higher rates and inflation increasingly weighed on
households and the economy. We expect 2024 will remain
challenging, reflecting continued slower economic growth and
elevated inflation. Inflation has added cost pressures which
we were able to offset partially through productivity savings
in line with our target of $400 million. We will be disciplined       text messages and the introduction of payment prompts to
on costs through 2024, while continuing to invest in the              slow down digital payments that seem unusual.
experience of customers and colleagues.                               As new challenges emerge we will find more ways to better
This year we delivered a simpler, more modern Enterprise              support and protect our customers.
Agreement that puts our colleagues in a better place
than before.                                                          Investing in the future and community

Our focus on the skills, training and development of our              We are investing for the long-term benefit of customers,
bankers is supporting a more capable and engaged workforce            colleagues and the community.
that can meet more of our customers’ needs.                           Artificial intelligence offers the potential to support
                                                                      meaningful interactions with our customers and benefit both
Well positioned to rebound                                            customers and colleagues. Our teams are working to get the
For many in Australia and New Zealand, 2023 has been                  right safeguards in place.
challenging. The economies of both countries have slowed,             Housing affordability and supply has become one of the
and needed to, to counter inflation at levels not seen for            nation’s greatest challenges and urgent action is required to
three decades.                                                        solve this problem. We work with NAB customer and partner,
In Australia, the impact of 13 rate rises is being felt. The higher   The Salvation Army, to provide relief to Australians in housing
cost of living is the greatest driver of stress for consumers.        crisis or affected by homelessness.
This has changed how people are managing their money with             We celebrated this year a 20-year partnership with Good
Australians more engaged with their finances than previously.         Shepherd Australia New Zealand, having supported close to
Most are maintaining a budget and cutting back on spending            one million people experiencing vulnerability with more than
to focus on the things that matter to them.                           $480 million low and no interest loans. This community
I expect Australia will avoid recession, but it will continue to      partnership is now entering a new chapter with a focus on
feel harder for a while yet.                                          affordable housing.
Despite headwinds, business conditions remain above                   We also announced a target to lend at least a further
average and businesses I talk to are ambitious for growth.            $6 billion by 2029 to help more Australians access specialist
With strong migration levels, low unemployment and demand             and affordable housing. We will assess new opportunities to
for our natural resources, Australia is well placed to rebound in     work with government and industry on this.
the second half of next year.                                         In the communities in which we operate, natural disasters are
In New Zealand, there are also reasons for optimism. High             all too frequent. NAB Foundation helps communities withstand
migration and low unemployment should support a return to             and recover from natural disasters. The Foundation has
growth during the next 12 months.                                     partnered with Disaster Relief Australia to recruit and manage
                                                                      3,000 community volunteers be on stand-by when needed.
Supporting and protecting customers
                                                                      Taking action on climate change is everyone’s job as Australia
Throughout the year NAB has been checking in with                     reaches a critical point in the transition to a net zero
customers. While a small number have required support, the            economy. We recognise our role to support our customers to
message we’ve mostly heard has been ‘thank you, but we’re             get there.
doing ok’.
                                                                      We have an ambition to lend $1 billion over three years to
We increased the size of our NAB Assist team by 120 people to         First Nations businesses and have a specialist team leading
support those in greatest need. To those who need support             this work. We recognise a strong First Nations business
our message is clear, please call us early.                           sector creates opportunities for communities to succeed and
We are working hard to fight the scams epidemic. We have              contributes to a strong Australian economy.
a range of initiatives completed or underway to protect our
customers from the multinational criminal groups that are
relentlessly targeting Australians. Our improvements include
being the first Australian bank to remove links from unsolicited




8    National Australia Bank
CEO's message (cont.)




Looking ahead
The banks that perform best are the ones that get the basics

                                                                                            About
right consistently and we are determined to do so for our
customers and colleagues.

                                                                                         this report
Thank you to our customers for choosing to bank with us
and to my colleagues for their dedication this year. We look
forward to continuing to serve you in 2024.




                                                                                         Our business
 Ross McEwan CBE,
 Group Chief


                                                                                           in 2023
 Executive Officer




                                                                                            Creating value




                                                                                         Corporate
                                                                                        Governance
                                                                                         Statement




                                                                                            Risk


                                                                                         management




                                                                                           Report of


                                                                                         the Directors




                                                                                            Financial report




                                                                                          Additional

                                                                                         information




                                                               2023 Annual Report   9
This page has been intentionally left blank.
                                                         About

                                                      this report




                                                      Our business

                                                         in 2023

Creating
value
                                                        Creating value




                                                      Corporate
                                                     Governance
                                                      Statement




                                                         Risk


This section outlines how NAB seeks to create         management
value through our strategy, summarises NAB’s
sustainability approach and provides an update
on performance across key themes.

• Our business (page 12)                                Report of
• Strategy (page 13)
• What we will be known for (pages 14 to 17)          the Directors
• Operating environment (pages 18 to 19)
• Creating value (page 20)
• Sustainability approach (pages 21 to 25)




                                                         Financial report
• Customers (pages 26 to 29)
• Colleagues (pages 30 to 36)
• Climate change and environment (pages 37 to 42)
• Technology, data and security (pages 43 to 46)
• Helping our communities prosper (pages 47 to 55)
• Respecting human rights (pages 50 to 52)
• Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) risk
                                                       Additional
  management (pages 53 to 55)


                                                      information
NAB provides supplementary sustainability-related
disclosures in its standalone 2023 Climate Report
and 2023 Sustainability Data Pack, available at:
nab.com.au/annualreports
Our business
We are here to serve customers well and help                                           Corporate and Institutional Banking
our communities prosper. More than 38,000(1)                                           Disciplined growth
colleagues provide about 10 million customers                                          Corporate and Institutional Banking partners with customers
with secure, easy and reliable banking services.                                       globally to meet their most complex financial needs providing
                                                                                       a range of products and services globally with offices in
Customer-facing units reflect the needs of customers and                               Australia, Asia, London, Paris, and New York.
opportunities for safe growth. The four customer-facing units                          For 20 years, support has been provided to organisations
are supported by enabling units. These are Technology and                              through sustainable financing and more recently navigating
Enterprise Operations; Digital, Data and Analytics; Finance;                           the transition to net zero. Thanks to this work NAB has
Risk; Commercial Services, People and Culture and the Chief                            retained its position as the number one Australian Bank
Operating Office. ubank operates as a customer-facing unit                             for global renewables transactions. NAB’s carbon markets
under the leadership of the Chief Operating Office.                                    business has commenced trading and sustainable finance has
                                                                                       grown to more than $10 billion.
Business and Private Banking                                                           By further investing in Transaction Banking and Payments,
Clear market leadership                                                                Corporate and Institutional Banking has maintained market
Business and Private Banking focuses on NAB's priority                                 leading positions in cash and liquidity management. NAB
small and medium (SME) customer segments. This includes                                is ranked first in the Relationship Strength Index rating
diversified businesses, as well as specialised Agriculture,                            for Transaction Banking, Foreign Exchange, Interest Rate
Health, Professional Services, Franchisees, Government,                                Derivatives and Debt Capital Markets(2)(3).
Education and Community service segments, along with
Private Banking and JBWere.                                                            Bank of New Zealand (BNZ)
NAB works to deepen relationships with business customers                              Personal and SME
as a trusted advisor in a dynamic economic environment.                                BNZ serves more than 1.2 million customers across New
This year Business and Private Banking delivered more                                  Zealand with personal and business banking services, through
efficient processes such as digitised lending and deposits.                            a nationwide network of customer centres, digital and
The merchant offering has been strengthened, and a more                                assisted channels. It is New Zealand’s largest business bank,
integrated whole-of-NAB proposition for High Net Worth (HNW)                           one of the largest providers of agricultural financing and has
clients created. As Australia’s largest business bank, NAB has                         continued to gain market share in personal and business
grown faster than the overall banking system in business                               segments. During 2023 BNZ has increased its focus on helping
lending and business deposits during 2023.                                             New Zealanders and businesses navigate continued economic
Progress to build a better business banking experience for                             uncertainty. It also provided support to customers during
customers and colleagues continues.                                                    recent flooding and cyclone events.


Personal Banking
Simple and digital
Personal Banking helps customers secure a home loan and
manage personal finances through deposits, credit card or
personal loan facilities. It includes the Citi consumer business,
acquired in 2022.
In the face of rising costs of living, Personal Banking
has prioritised customer service by proactively contacting
customers to offer support when there are signs they may
be in difficulty. This has helped many customers get back on
their feet.
Personal Banking maintains a strong regional presence
with more than half our branches located in regional
and rural Australia. NAB serves customers through the
mobile app, internet banking, branches and phone banking.
NAB's Bank@Post partnership with Australia Post provides
customers with access to a range of banking services across
3,400 locations.
In 2023, NAB introduced a number of new initiatives to help
protect customers from scams and fraud including removing
links in text messages, increasing prompts for in-app
payments and improved card features to block transactions.




 (1) Number of full-time equivalent colleagues as at 30 September 2023, excluding discontinued operations.
 (2) Peter Lee Associates - 2023 surveys: Large Corporate and Institutional Transaction Banking, and Debt Capital Markets.
 (3) Peter Lee Associates - 2022 surveys: Foreign Exchange and Interest Rate Derivatives Ranking against the four major domestic banks.


12   National Australia Bank
Strategy
Strategic ambition                                                                           •   High Net Worth and Mass Affluent: Ranked equal second in
                                                                                                 NPS among the major Australian banks(1)(5).
To serve customers well and help our
                                                                                                                                                                                          About
                                                                                             While there have been some improvements across customer
communities prosper.                                                                         segments there is more work to be done across the business
NAB's strategic focus is on clear market leadership for
                                                                                                                                                                                       this report
                                                                                             to consistently deliver excellence for customers and improve
Business and Private Banking; simple and digital experiences                                 these outcomes.
for Personal Banking; disciplined growth for Corporate and
                                                                                             NAB achieved a colleague engagement score of 78 in the
Institutional Banking; personal and SME growth for BNZ, and
                                                                                             July 2023 survey, the highest since setting the strategy in
digital customer acquisition through ubank.
                                                                                             2020. NAB's average colleague engagement score for 2023
During the year NAB has made progress on the integration of                                  increased to 77(6) (2022: 76).

                                                                                                                                                                                       Our business
acquired businesses. The completion of the 86 400 integration
                                                                                             For the year ended 30 September 2023, diluted cash earnings(7)
into ubank has delivered positive results, with an increase
                                                                                             per share amounted to 238.0 cents, with cash return on
in the customer base and improved customer advocacy.

                                                                                                                                                                                          in 2023
                                                                                             equity(7) of 12.9%. NAB has determined dividends for the year
Completing the integration of the Citi consumer business
                                                                                             of 167 cents per share, an increase of 10.6%.
remains a priority. We have maintained prudent balance sheet
settings including capital levels above our target range and                                 Disciplined execution and doing the basics well will be critical
strong provisioning coverage.                                                                in delivering better outcomes for colleagues and customers.
                                                                                             This will be supported by continued strengthening of NAB's
Disciplined execution of our strategy continues to be our
                                                                                             technology, digital and data capabilities.




                                                                                                                                                                                         Creating value
focus. Our goal is to be ranked number one in NPS(1) among
the major Australian banks and to have our NPS in a positive                                 Delivering financial crime requirements and protecting
territory. As at 30 September 2023, NAB was:                                                 customers is a critical priority for 2024. This includes delivering
                                                                                             the agreed plan for the Australian Transaction Reports and
•     Consumer: Ranked first in NPS among the major Australian
                                                                                             Analysis Centre (AUSTRAC) Enforceable Undertaking (EU), anti-
      banks(1)(2).
                                                                                             money-laundering and counter-terrorism financing (AML/CTF)
•     Corporate & Institutional: Ranked second in Relationship                               compliance. In addition, we will strengthen ways in which we
      Strength Index (RSI)(3).                                                               protect customers from scams and fraud.
•     Business: Ranked second in NPS among the major
      Australian banks(1)(4).
                                                                                                                                                                                       Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                      Governance
                                                                                                                                                                                       Statement




                                                                                                                                                                                          Risk


                                                                                                                                                                                       management




                                                                                                                                                                                         Report of


                                                                                                                                                                                       the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                          Financial report
    (1) Net Promoter® and NPS® are registered trademarks and Net Promoter Score and Net Promoter Systems are trademarks of Bain & Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc., and
        Fred Reichheld.
    (2) Sourced from DBM Consumer Atlas (part of RFI Global), measured on 6 month rolling average to September 2023. Consumer NPS excludes consumers with Personal
        income of $260k+ and/or investible assets $1m+. Ranking based on absolute scores, not statistically significant differences.
    (3) Peter Lee Associates – Large Corporate and Institutional Relationship Banking Survey Australia 2023. Ranking against all banks included in survey.
    (4) Sourced from DBM Business Atlas (part of RFI Global), measured on 6 month rolling average to September 2023. Business NPS is based on equal (25:25:25:25) combined
        weighting of NAB turnover segments: Micro (Up to $100k turnover), Small ($100k - $5m turnover), Medium ($5m - $50m turnover), Large ($50m+). Ranking based on
        absolute scores, not statistically significant differences.


                                                                                                                                                                                        Additional
    (5) Sourced from DBM Consumer Atlas (part of RFI Global), measured on 6 month rolling average to September 2023. Based on all consumers, 18+, in either High Net Worth
        definition or Mass Affluent definition and on equal (50:50) combined weighting of included segments. Mass Affluent includes consumers with Personal income of $260k+
        and investible assets less than $2.5m and/or investible assets $1m<$2.5m, High Net Worth includes consumers with Investible assets of $2.5m+. Ranking based on


                                                                                                                                                                                       information
        absolute scores, not statistically significant differences.
    (6) 2023 Heartbeat Surveys conducted by Glint, score based on an average of the four surveys conducted in November 2022, February 2023, May 2023 and July 2023.
        Includes Australia and New Zealand colleagues, excludes external contractors, consultants and temporary colleagues.
    (7) Full detail on how cash earnings is defined, a discussion of non-cash earnings items and a full reconciliation of statutory net profit attributable to owners of NAB is set
        out in Note 2 Segment information of the Financial Report on page 169. Statutory return on equity and statutory earnings per share (EPS) are presented on page 106.


                                                                                                                                                      2023 Annual Report         13
What we will be known for
Relationship-led
Relationships are our strength. NAB strives                      Building better customer relationships
to deliver the best banking experience for                       through expertise, support and insights.
customers through these relationships.

Developing exceptional bankers                                   A more personalised experience
                                                                 NAB is investing in data and analytical capabilities to
NAB’s Career Qualified in Banking (CQiB) program continues
                                                                 make banking more personal for customers. This includes
to build colleagues' professionalism. Our aim is to have
                                                                 personalised loyalty rewards, spending insights and faster
Australia’s most qualified bankers to help build better
                                                                 credit decisions based on what we already know about our
customer relationships. In partnership with Financial Services
                                                                 customers. Customers across the NAB and ubank brands
Institute of Australasia (FINSIA), NAB has enrolled more than
                                                                 can set savings goals on their accounts to work towards
20,000 colleagues across the life of the program. More than
                                                                 milestones and purchases that are important to them.
14,500 colleagues have now successfully graduated from the
program, up from 8,000 in 2022.                                  To assist small business customers, NAB has launched the
                                                                 digital Small Biz Explorer experience which assesses business
Investment in leaders continues through Distinctive
                                                                 customers’ needs and recommends relevant products
Leadership – the approach to leadership for everyone at
                                                                 and services.
NAB. 92% of people leaders have completed Distinctive
Leadership training workshops – an increase from 69% in 2022.    BNZ rewards was launched as a new loyalty and rewards
In 2023 the Distinctive Leadership experience was extended       proposition for customers, and won the Canstar Most
to all colleagues (not just people leaders) through digital      Satisfied Customers – Rewards Credit Card award.
learning modules.
NAB is investing in specialist banker capabilities, including:
•    NAB’s lending academy, developing future Home
     Lending Executives.
•    NAB's retail customer advisor learning pathway, a 6-month
     blended learning pathway supported by a dedicated
     Learning Mentor.
•    NAB's re-designed Home Lending Fundamentals program,
     a secured lender accreditation program focused on
     skills broader than home lending, including customer
     conversation practice, time to practice on tools and
     greater alignment with ways of working.
•    Agribusiness climate banker training (in partnership
     with Melbourne Business School) to over 350 of our
     business and private bankers and establishing a Corporate
     and Institutional Banking network of more than 100
     sustainability champions.
•    BNZ bankers have been trained as Nominated
     Representatives to meet obligations under the Financial
     Services Legislation Amendment Act.




14     National Australia Bank
What we will be known for (cont.)




Easy
Customers expect better banking experiences,                     Modernising our technology to help
                                                                                                                           About
so NAB is making banking easier and faster for                   serve customers faster and improve
them.                                                            the experience.
                                                                                                                        this report
Simple products and a seamless experience
NAB is working to make all our products easy to understand
and use. In 2023, this work included more ways to manage
home loans online, in-app notifications and expansion of


                                                                                                                        Our business
digital wallet capabilities.
Since the launch of NAB Messaging, NAB has served more than
500,000 customers through the channel, helping them manage

                                                                                                                           in 2023
banking enquiries in their own time. Customers can now 'leave
a message' for NAB to respond to and get on with their day.
NAB is building towards a one-way home lending application
experience across all channels and an improved experience
for customers, colleagues and brokers. NAB has demonstrated




                                                                                                                          Creating value
strong progress towards its aim of delivering Australia’s
simplest home loan with 70% of all proprietary home loans and
15% of broker home loans now submitted via Simple Home
Loans (SHL). ~70% of retail home loans submitted via SHL
achieve time-to-unconditional-approval in less than a day(1),
while most of our broker customers receive unconditional
approval same-day through SHL.
Following the completion of the 86 400 integration in 2023,
ubank customers can link accounts from other banks,
superannuation and investment providers to see a full picture                                                           Corporate
                                                                                                                       Governance
of their wealth.
BNZ has delivered innovative solutions to help make it simpler
and easier for customers to manage their finances. BNZ’s easy                                                           Statement
to use online repayment features enable customers to
manage their mortgage repayments online. BNZ’s recently
launched MyProperty empowers customers with more
information so they can better plan ahead for future interest

                                                                                                                           Risk
rate changes. BNZ has simplified fees across a range of
products, including removing international payment fees and


                                                                                                                        management
monthly account fees on BNZ’s TotalMoney account.

Faster and decisive banking
Modernising NAB's technology is helping our colleagues serve
customers faster. Home loan approval times for customers
and brokers have improved, while automation and process


                                                                                                                          Report of
improvements reduced onboarding time for Corporate and
Institutional customers in 2023.
NAB’s instant credit decisioning capabilities are critical to

                                                                                                                        the Directors
providing customers with speed and certainty when they
apply. A key focus has been on automating the customer
authentication and verification journey, and pre-filling known
customer data in applications. These improvements save time
and make it easier for customers when applying for




                                                                                                                           Financial report
transaction accounts, savings and new products like NAB Now
Pay Later.




                                                                                                                         Additional

                                                                                                                        information

 (1) Median average time


                                                                                             2023 Annual Report   15
What we will be known for (cont.)




Safe
A responsible and secure business is essential to                     Protecting customers and colleagues
protect our customers and colleagues.                                 through financial and operational resilience.

Strong balance sheet
The Group implemented Australian Prudential Regulation
Authority's (APRA) revised capital framework on 1 January               Protecting customers from scams and fraud
2023 and the Group remains well capitalised. The Common                 and financial crime
Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio remains strong at 12.22% on          For more information on how we are helping protect
an APRA basis, with a capital surplus to the Group’s CET1               customers, their data and our systems refer to:
target range of 11.00-11.50% and strong provisioning levels             Further details on Financial crime on page 46.
(collective provisions at 1.47% of credit risk weighted assets).
On 28 February 2023, the Group completed the $2.5 billion               Further details on how NAB is protecting its customers
on-market capital buy-back announced in March 2022. On                  against scams and fraud on page 27.
15 August 2023, the Group announced a further $1.5 billion              More information is available on the NAB website at:
on-market capital buy-back, which commenced on 29 August                nab.com.au/about-us/security.
2023. A total of $0.9 billion of ordinary shares have been
bought back and cancelled during 2023.
The Group maintains a strong funding and liquidity position,
with a September 2023 quarterly average Liquidity Coverage
Ratio (LCR) of 140% and 30 September 2023 Net Stable Funding
Ratio (NSFR) of 116%. This is supported by $40 billion(1) of term
wholesale funding issuance during 2023 financial year as the
Initial Allowance of the Term Funding Facility matured.

Resilient technology and operations
NAB’s strategy is to develop leading resilient technology so
that customers and colleagues can depend on us. There has
been significant progress in reducing service interruptions
with the number of critical and high incidents dropping 83%
since 2018.
In 2023, NAB intensified focus on security in the face of ever-
escalating cyber threats. This year 33 initiatives have been
completed as part of a bank-wide strategy to address the
global scam epidemic, including removing links in unexpected
texts to customers. This work follows efforts by NAB, together
with telecommunications providers, to prevent spoofing
scams by stopping criminals infiltrating and impersonating
phone numbers and legitimate text message threads.
Having a strong, capable and internal technology workforce
is a key enabler of its strategy. NAB continues to insource
key technology functions to get the right skills to operate
sustainably. The infrastructure insourcing program is largely
completed and the focus is now on further building strategic
skill sets in cyber, data, digital and artificial intelligence (AI)
which are critical to modern technology platforms. NAB's
India and Vietnam-based innovation centres are a significant
part of our strategy, increasing collaboration with Australia-
based teams.
In 2018, NAB adopted a "cloud first" strategy. Since then,
NAB has migrated over 77% of applications to cloud-based
platforms. This has been critical in building more resilience in
our systems.




 (1) Includes Funding for Lending Program (FLP).


16   National Australia Bank
What we will be known for (cont.)




Long-term
Protecting the long-term interests of customers,                    Acting now for the long-term.
                                                                                                                                            About
colleagues, and communities.
                                                                    Innovating for the future
                                                                                                                                         this report
Responding to societal challenges
                                                                    NAB is continually assessing and exploring innovation themes
NAB's ambition is to drive commercial responses to societal
                                                                    that can deliver value to NAB and our stakeholders. In 2023,
challenges. Our priority areas are:
                                                                    NAB began piloting several use cases of generative AI to
•    Climate action (page 37 and in the Group's 2023                improve colleague productivity and support bankers.
     Climate Report).
                                                                    NAB has explored ways to help customers understand their

                                                                                                                                         Our business
•    Affordable and specialist housing (page 29).                   carbon emissions and partnered with Thriday to provide small
•    Indigenous economic advancement (page 28).                     and medium business customers with additional insights on


                                                                                                                                            in 2023
                                                                    their banking.
Tackling the biggest societal issues requires investment
across business, government and society, which is why NAB           NAB's in-house venture capital fund, NAB Ventures, invests
is driving commercial responses and building partnerships.          in early-stage businesses with innovative technologies
                                                                    and business models that address themes core to
Sustainable business practices                                      NAB's strategic priorities. In 2023, NAB Ventures, made
                                                                    investments in Banked (Account-to-Account payments),




                                                                                                                                           Creating value
NAB needs to get the basics right by maintaining sustainable
business practices. NAB engages directly with stakeholders          Greener (sustainability platform) and Carbonplace (voluntary
and participates in external assessments to understand              carbon credits platform).
views on our broad environmental, social and governance
(ESG) performance. Key focus areas within this strategic
pillar include:
•    Colleagues and culture.
•    Inclusive banking.
•    ESG risk management.
•    Supply chain management.
                                                                                                                                         Corporate
•    Human rights.                                                                                                                      Governance
Information on how these areas are managed is outlined in                                                                                Statement
the What matters most section of this report on page 24.
NAB's 2023 Sustainability Data Pack(1) contains further detail on
performance in these areas.



                                                                                                                                            Risk


                                                                                                                                         management




                                                                                                                                           Report of


                                                                                                                                         the Directors




                                                                                                                                            Financial report




                                                                                                                                          Additional

                                                                                                                                         information

    (1) Available at nab.com.au/annualreports


                                                                                                             2023 Annual Report    17
Operating environment
Global business environment                                           mining sector profits, the average level over the four quarters
                                                                      to June 2023 was 5.3% higher than in the previous year.
Global economic growth has been volatile over recent
quarters. This is in part due to the impact of China’s zero-          Agriculture conditions have been mixed. Prices have been
COVID-19 policies, including a temporary bounce in the March          falling for over a year; in September 2023 the NAB rural
quarter 2023 following their removal. Overall, average growth         commodity price index was 34% below its June 2022 peak.
is expected to slow in calendar year 2023 and again in 2024,          However, the 2022-23 winter crop is estimated to have been
before a modest upturn in 2025. Growth over this period is            the third consecutive record high, although a crop slightly
expected to remain below the long-term average.                       below its average of the ten prior years is expected in 2023-24.
In part, the slowing trend for global growth reflects the impact      The labour market remains tight, but there are signs of easing:
of the rapid tightening in monetary policy (together with more        •   The unemployment rate was 3.6% in September 2023,
restrictive lending standards by banks in many advanced                   low by historical standards but up slightly from October
economies) since early calendar year 2022, intended to                    2022 (3.4%).
control inflation. The outlook for China is weak, reflecting a
                                                                      •   The number of job vacancies remained very high in the
downturn in its property sector, while domestic consumption
                                                                          September quarter 2023 but has come off its peak, aided
and export demand is subdued.
                                                                          by strong population growth.
Global consumer price growth has trended lower since the
                                                                      •   The wage price index (excluding bonuses) grew by 3.6%
cycle peak of September 2022, as supply side pressures
                                                                          between the June quarter 2022 and the June quarter 2023,
triggered by COVID-19 have gradually eased. However, inflation
                                                                          up from 2.6% in the prior four-quarter period.
remains above central bank targets in most regions and
global energy prices increased between late June and end of           Dwelling prices have rebounded. After falling by 8.1% from their
September 2023.                                                       peak in April 2022, the eight capital city CoreLogic Hedonic
                                                                      Home Value Index increased by 7.9% between January 2023 and
The slowing inflation trend in advanced economies has
                                                                      September 2023.
increased the likelihood that most major central banks have
either reached the end of their tightening cycle or are near          With high inflation still weighing on households, and the
the peak.                                                             full impact of interest rate increases still coming through,
                                                                      GDP growth is expected to remain subdued over the rest
Other risks to the outlook include the Russia-Ukraine war and
                                                                      of calendar year 2023 and 2024, leading to a rise in the
conflict in the Middle East (including the potential impact on
                                                                      unemployment rate.
energy supply and prices) and geopolitical tensions between
the United States and China.                                          The RBA increased the cash rate from 0.1% in April 2022 to 4.35%
                                                                      in November 2023. If the economy evolves as expected, the
Australian economy                                                    cash rate is likely at or near its peak, with the possibility of rate
                                                                      cuts starting from around the end of calendar year 2024.
The Australian economy has continued to expand but growth
has slowed. While the labour market remains tight, and                Annual system credit growth has eased. Between September
inflation high, there are signs of easing labour market and           2022 and September 2023:
price pressures.                                                      •   Housing and non-financial business credit growth slowed to
Gross Domestic Product (GDP), after solid growth of 0.7% in               4.2% and 6.4% respectively (from 7.4% and 13.3% over the year
the December quarter 2022, grew by a subdued 0.4% in both                 to September 2022), only partially offset by stronger other
the March and June 2023 quarters. By expenditure component,               personal credit growth (2.3%, up from -0.2%).
between the September quarter 2022 and June quarter 2023:             •   However, housing credit growth may have stabilised, with
•    Household consumption was particularly subdued, only                 the monthly growth rate largely unchanged since the end
     growing 0.7%.                                                        of calendar 2022.
•    Residential investment fell 1.9%.
                                                                      New Zealand economy
•    Business and government fixed capital investment, and
                                                                      Growth in the New Zealand economy has slowed in recent
     exports grew strongly. Export growth was assisted by a
                                                                      quarters. While GDP increased by 0.9% in the June quarter 2023,
     continued recovery in overseas tourist and international
                                                                      over the last three quarters it only grew by 0.3%. The quarterly
     student numbers.
                                                                      pattern of growth has been affected by the severe weather
Most industry sectors grew between the September quarter              events that impacted the North Island in January (flooding)
2022 and June quarter 2023, with only four out of the 19              and February (Cyclone Gabrielle).
broad industry groups (utilities, wholesale trade, retail trade
                                                                      The slowdown in growth has occurred even as population
and professional services) seeing a fall in gross value added.
                                                                      growth has accelerated. Over the year to the June quarter
Similarly, over the same period, state final demand grew in
                                                                      2023, the population grew by 2.1%, driven by high rates of net
most state and territories, except for Tasmania and the
                                                                      inward migration.
Northern Territory where it declined.
                                                                      The weakening in economic growth, together with strong
Inflation has eased but remains high. In the September quarter
                                                                      population growth, has seen labour market pressures ease,
2023, the annual growth rate in the Consumer Price Index (CPI)
                                                                      with businesses reporting much less difficulty in finding staff.
was 5.4%, down from 7.8% in the December quarter 2022.
                                                                      In the September quarter 2023:
Household budgets have come under pressure from elevated
                                                                      •   Employment was 2.4% higher than in the September quarter
inflation and rising interest payments. Household disposable
                                                                          2022, slightly below growth in the working again population
income, after adjustment for inflation, declined by 4.2%
                                                                          (2.6%) over the same period.
between the March quarter 2022 and the June quarter 2023.
Households have adjusted by slowing consumption growth                •   The unemployment rate was 3.9%, up from 3.2% in the
and reducing their savings rate. Business operating profits               September quarter 2022 but still low by historical standards.
have been volatile - while in the June quarter 2023 they were         With the economy's capacity constraints abating, inflation has
11% below their June quarter 2022 level, reflecting a large fall in   gradually fallen, but it remains high. In the September quarter


18     National Australia Bank
Operating environment (cont.)




2023 annual CPI inflation was 5.6%, down from 7.3% in the June
quarter 2022.

                                                                                                 About
Commodity export prices fell 11.1% between September 2022
and September 2023 in New Zealand dollar terms, this included

                                                                                              this report
a 20.8% fall in dairy export prices. However, prices showed
signs of stabilising at the end of this period.
Housing market activity has stabilised. The REINZ House Price
Index fell 18% between November 2021 and May 2023, but has
since (to September) increased 2.8%. Sales volumes remain
low but have come off their trough of early 2023.

                                                                                              Our business
System credit grew by 2.4% over the year to September
2023, down from 5.6% over the year to September 2022 . This


                                                                                                 in 2023
reflected slower housing credit (3.0% over year to September
2023) and non-agricultural business credit (0.9%) growth,
although credit to agriculture, which had been negative,
turned positive (1.4%).
The RBNZ increased the Official Cash Rate (OCR) from 0.25%
to 5.50% between October 2021 and May 2023. The RBNZ is




                                                                                                Creating value
expected to remain on hold for some time. While there is some
chance of the RBNZ tightening further, the most likely next
change in the OCR is a cut.
Looking ahead, economic growth is likely to be weak into
the first half of calendar 2024, before recovering, which
is expected to lead to an increase in the unemployment
rate. This outlook reflects the lagged impact of monetary
policy tightening, curtailed commodity income, reductions in

                                                                                              Corporate
government spending, and weaker goods exports due to slow
global growth and weather-related reductions in agricultural
output. Fiscal policy settings are also uncertain with the                                   Governance
formation of a new government following October’s election.
                                                                                              Statement
Outlook
The outlook for the Group’s financial performance and
outcomes is closely linked to the levels of economic activity in
each of the Group’s key markets that are outlined above.

                                                                                                 Risk


                                                                                              management




                                                                                                Report of


                                                                                              the Directors




                                                                                                 Financial report




                                                                                               Additional

                                                                                              information




                                                                   2023 Annual Report   19
Creating value
NAB creates value for customers, colleagues and communities in a variety of ways through a variety
of resources.

                                                                       NAB's key resources
 Customer relationships                                  Colleagues                                               Finance
 Customers choose NAB because we serve                   Trusted professionals who are proud to                   Access to capital through deposits and
 them well                                               be a part of NAB                                         funding markets



 Risk management and balance sheet                       Technology and data capabilities                         Community relationships
 Strong foundations, and risk                            Safe, resilient technology coupled with                  Partnerships and
 management capabilities                                 the use of ethical data                                  stakeholder engagement




                                                                    NAB's business activities
 NAB delivers its strategy (page 13) and creates value for stakeholders through the following business activities:
 •   Holding deposits for customers.                                              •   Helping customers invest through online brokerage.
 •   Providing transaction banking services.                                      •   Providing advisory services.
 •   Lending money to retail, business and                                        •   Investing in a capable, qualified and inclusive workforce.
     institutional customers.                                                     •   Helping NAB's customers, colleagues and their communities
 •   Helping customers mitigate and manage risk.                                      withstand and recover from natural disasters.
 •   Providing commercial responses to society’s challenges.
 •   Providing payments services and supporting customers with
     trade and capital flows.




                                                                      The value NAB creates
 Supporting customers
 •   $86 billion in new home lending.                    •   $587 billion in deposits managed for                 •   $88 billion in new business lending.
                                                             retail and business customers.


                                                               NAB's economic value distributed



                Suppliers                         Payments made for the provision of utilities, goods and services.                                          $6.2 bn




                Community investment              Community partnerships, donations, grants, in-kind support and volunteering.
                                                                                                                                               (1)
                                                                                                                                                            $79.2 m




                Shareholders                      Dividend payments to more than 596,000 registered shareholders.                                            $5.0 bn




                Colleagues                        Colleague salaries, superannuation contributions and incentives.                                           $5.3 bn




                                                  Payments made to governments in the form of the Bank Levy ($372 million paid)
                Governments                       plus $3.6 billion in income taxes, goods and services taxes, fringe benefit taxes                          $4.0 bn
                                                  and payroll taxes among others.


                                                  Total economic value distributed                                                                         $20.6 bn
 (1) This includes foregone fee revenue, management costs, cash contributions and in-kind contributions. For a detailed breakdown of the categories included within the
     Group's community investment, see the 'Community' tab in the 2023 Sustainability Data Pack.




20   National Australia Bank
Sustainability approach
Sustainability in NAB's strategy
The future depends on acting now for the long-term.
                                                                                                                                             About
NAB employs more than 38,000(1) colleagues, serves about 10 million customers and is connected to communities across Australia

                                                                                                                                          this report
and New Zealand. That scale and connectivity is critical to NAB's ability to drive positive change. Sustainability is embedded in the
long-term pillar of NAB's strategy in recognition of the impact that successfully managing sustainability matters can have on our
business and the environment and communities we operate in.
NAB has prioritised the areas where it can have the biggest positive impact. NAB determined these priority areas through
its sustainability materiality process and impact analysis following guidance of the United Nations Principles for Responsible
Banking (UN PRB). The Group’s approach to managing climate-related risks and opportunities is detailed in the standalone

                                                                                                                                          Our business
Climate Report(2).



                                                                                                                                             in 2023




                                                                                                                                            Creating value




                                                                                                                                          Corporate
                                                                                                                                         Governance
                                                                                                                                          Statement




                                                                                                                                             Risk


                                                                                                                                          management




                                                                                                                                            Report of


                                                                                                                                          the Directors




                                                                                                                                             Financial report




                                                                                                                                           Additional

                                                                                                                                          information
 (1) Number of full-time equivalent colleagues as at 30 September 2023, excluding discontinued operations.
 (2) Available at nab.com.au/annualreports.


                                                                                                               2023 Annual Report   21
Sustainability approach (cont.)




Sustainability governance and performance
The challenges and opportunities of sustainability require a whole of Group response. Sustainability is embedded in NAB's
governance structure, as outlined below. The Board retains ultimate accountability for the oversight of sustainability-related
risks and opportunities and receives regular updates on sustainability performance.
Further detail on the Board and Board committee activities in 2023 is available in the Corporate Governance Statement section
of this report.               7-504 NFN2651 - Governance Diagrams - Update_1A October 31, 2023 11:19 am




                                                       Board and Board committees
                 Accountable for ESG Strategy and oversight of ESG matters, including any escalated from Board committees.                                                  Independent
                                                                                                                                                                              assurance
                                               Board People &                    Board Risk &                                               Board Nomination                   & advice
                  Board Audit                                                                                 Board Customer
                                               Remuneration                      Compliance                                                   & Governance
                  Committee                                                                                     Committee
                                                 Committee                       Committee                                                     Committee



                  The Board Risk & Compliance Committee oversees ESG risks (including climate and human rights-related risks)
                      and the Groupʼs environmental compliance and performance reported and escalated by management.
                                                                                                                                                                                        Risk
                                                                                                                                                                                     Management

                                                Group Credit & Market Risk Committee
                        The Group Credit and Market Risk Committee is an executive level risk management committee which
                        has oversight of certain financial risks and ESG risks (including climate and human rights related risks),
                         and the Group’s environmental compliance and performance. Refer to the Risk Management section
                                               for further information on Risk Management committees.




                                                                                  Board
                                                                                                                                                                               Strategy,
                                                                                                                                                                               purpose,
                                                                                                                                                                               values &
                                                            Executive Leadership Team                                                                                           culture

                                       Oversees sustainability-related (including climate) strategy and opportunities.




                                                                     Policies, systems and processes
                               Sustainability-related management groups and forums
                    Comprised of representatives from across NAB’s businesses to align and drive progress in NAB’s priority
                                                                sustainability areas.(1)
               The Group has established a number of Executive level groups and forums designed to drive enterprise collaboration,
             alignment and visibility on strategy, innovation, opportunities, execution activities and emerging risks (described below).
             The chairs of the below groups and forums provide periodic reporting to the Executive Leadership Team (ELT) and Board
              and have the power to refer matters of significant importance to the Group Chief Executive Officer (CEO), relevant BEAR
                                                           accountable persons or the ELT.

                                  Sustainability Council                                                        Affordable Housing Council
                                  Chair: Les Matheson, Group Chief                                              Chair: Cathryn Carver, Executive, Client
                                  Operating Officer                                                             Coverage
                                  Remit: NAB’s over-arching strategic                                           Remit: Drives strategy and actions
                                  direction as it relates to sustainability                                     related to NAB’s response to affordable
                                  performance. Considers stakeholder                                            and specialist housing. Includes
                                  expectations and NAB’s voluntary                                              supporting targeted partnerships
                                  obligations.                                                                  and progress.
                                   Group Climate Governance Forum                                               Indigenous Advisory Group(2)
                                   Chair: Jacqueline Fox, Chief Climate                                         Co-Chair: Ann Sherry AO, NAB Non-
                                   Officer                                                                      Executive Director & Tanya Hosch, AFL
                                                                                                                Executive General Manager of Inclusion
                                   Remit: NAB’s strategic response to
                                                                                                                and Social Policy
                                   climate change and transition to a low
                                   carbon economy.                                                              Remit: NAB’s formal Indigenous
                                                                                                                Advisory Group provides strategic
                                                                                                                guidance on NAB’s engagement with
                                                                                                                Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander
                                                                                                                people and NAB’s Reconciliation Action
                                                                                                                Plan. It is supported by a management-
                                                                                                                level RAP committee.

         (1) NAB’s major subsidiary, BNZ, also has sustainability-related (including climate) management groups and councils. Details on BNZ’s approach to relevant governance matters
              will be available in its climate and sustainability reporting.
         (2) NAB’s Indigenous Advisory Group is comprised of representatives from the Board, Executive Leadership Team and Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander leaders from outside
             NAB. First Nations colleagues are members of the RAP committee.




22   National Australia Bank
Sustainability approach (cont.)




Stakeholder engagement                                                  Engaging on sustainability:
Effective stakeholder engagement helps NAB                              NAB values constructive feedback on issues and drives

                                                                                                                                                     About
                                                                        progress on the sustainability topics that matter to NAB, the
to understand what is expected of the bank,
                                                                        customers it serves and the community. Key discussions this
identify issues, advocate for changes in policy                         year have included:
and discover opportunities to improve.
                                                                        •   Climate change and transition, including NAB's position               this report
                                                                            on lending to fossil fuels – as well as biodiversity and
NAB's approach to stakeholder engagement, including
                                                                            natural capital.
processes for consultation on sustainability topics, is set
out in its Sustainability Policy and informed by the AA1000             •   Supporting the ambitions and progress of First Nations
Stakeholder Engagement Standard. NAB aims to be respectful,                 people – primarily through better banking services,

                                                                                                                                                  Our business
responsive, open and authentic with all stakeholders.                       particularly to Indigenous businesses.
                                                                        •   Consumer issues such as cost of living, the impact of

                                                                                                                                                     in 2023
                                                                            scams and fraud, financial vulnerability (including Buy Now
                                                                            Pay Later regulation), cyber security and privacy.

    Stakeholders                   Engagement activities
    Customers                      Market research, including customer satisfaction and experience surveys and focus groups, customer




                                                                                                                                                    Creating value
                                   advocacy groups, engagement with the ELT, Sustainability teams and Board Customer Committee.
    Colleagues                     Heartbeat surveys, intranet articles and social media, confidential alert lines and interactive events
                                   with the ELT.
    Shareholders, investors        Annual General Meeting (AGM), investor presentations and analyst briefings, survey participation,
    and analysts                   direct engagement with the ELT, Investor Relations and Sustainability teams.
    Suppliers                      Relationship management, surveys (as part of due diligence processes and annual engagement
                                   activities) and industry forums.
    Industry bodies                Relationship management, participation in consultation and advocacy processes.
    and associations
    Regulators and government      Regular meetings and briefings, participation in consultation processes and inquiries, focus groups            Corporate
                                                                                                                                                 Governance
                                   and workshops.
    Non-government                 Research, surveys and interviews, not-for-profit customers and social enterprise support, meetings,
    organisations (NGOs) and       conferences, events and workshops, employee volunteering (skilled, general and remote), workplace              Statement
    community partners             giving, donations and fundraising, grants and sponsorship, ethical and impact investing.


Industry associations                                                   Engaging on public policy
In 2023, NAB engaged on key topics including climate and                NAB engages government and regulatory bodies to provide

                                                                                                                                                     Risk
nature-related financial disclosures, such as:                          input and help shape policy on sustainability issues that are
•    Working with the Australian Banking Association (ABA)              important to NAB. In 2023, this included:


                                                                                                                                                  management
     on the Federal Department of Treasury’s proposals for              •   Engagement with Minister of Indigenous Affairs on
     the implementation of standardised, internationally-aligned            economic advancement.
     climate-related financial disclosures.                             •   Participation in cross-sector Government roundtables
•    Involvement in the United Nations Environment Program                  on scams and consultation with Government and the
     Finance Initiative (UNEP FI) Taskforce on climate-related              Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC)
     financial disclosures (TCFD) Forum, including review of tools          on launch of the National Anti-Scam Centre.

                                                                                                                                                    Report of
     and data sets being developed for climate-related risk             •   Engagement on affordable housing, including CEO
     analysis, and updates on climate-related litigation.                   participation in Federal Treasury’s Investor Roundtable

                                                                                                                                                  the Directors
•    Task Force on Nature-related Financial Disclosures                     meetings on affordable housing and residential energy
     (TNFD) forum and also part of UNEP FI piloting of                      efficiency and sustainable finance.
     the recommendations of the TNFD framework on                       •   Submission on the Australian Cyber Security Strategy
     freshwater bodies.                                                     (2023-2030) discussion paper and engagement with the
NAB was the only Australian company to participate in the                   Government’s expert advisory council on cybersecurity.




                                                                                                                                                     Financial report
United Nations Global Compact's (UNGC) Think Lab on Just                See page 14 of NAB's 2023 Climate Report for detail on NAB's
Transition (“Think Lab”). NAB contributed to the Think Lab's work       climate-related advocacy.
to shape business and thought leadership on critical areas
                                                                        NAB’s political contributions policy means it does not make
linked to just transition.
                                                                        political donations to any political party, parliamentarian,
Many of the issues that impact NAB's ability to serve                   elected official or candidate for political office. However,
customers well cannot be addressed by any one company.                  NAB representatives may pay to attend political events and
Our key industry association memberships and payments for               business forums hosted by major political parties. In 2022
2023 were:                                                              (period 1 July 2021-30 June 2022), NAB spent $60,500 with
•    Australian Banking Association (ABA): $2,313,382                   the Australian Labor Party, $60,000 with the Liberal Party of

                                                                                                                                                   Additional
                                                                        Australia, and $33,000 with the National Party of Australia.
•    Business Council of Australia (BCA): $95,000
                                                                        These payments are disclosed to the Australian Electoral
•    New Zealand Bankers' Association: NZ$426,934
                                                                                                                                                  information
                                                                        Commission (AEC) in line with State and Federal regulation,
•    BusinessNZ: NZ$22,000                                              noting the AEC’s reporting year is a different period to NAB’s
                                                                        financial year. NAB’s 2023 contributions (period July 2022- June
                                                                        2023) will be available via the AEC in February 2024.


                                                                                                                       2023 Annual Report   23
Sustainability approach (cont.)




What matters most
ESG materiality assessment                                                       This helps prioritise the issues that matter. Outcomes of
NAB's annual ESG materiality assessment is designed to                           this review are provided to the Group's Board of Directors
identify and prioritise the ESG areas of most relevance                          for consideration.
to NAB's performance, its stakeholders, and where it can
                                                                                 2023 ESG materiality outcomes
potentially have the biggest impacts on society. The
outcomes guide reporting and decision-making, to help NAB                        While NAB's material ESG themes remain unchanged from 2022,
address the ESG topics that matter most.                                         the prevalence of some sub-topics and measures reported
                                                                                 have shifted. In 2023, key changes included rising cost of
NAB’s definition of ESG materiality considers the areas where
                                                                                 living pressures, increase in cybercrime, scams and fraud,
NAB’s business activities impact the economy, environment
                                                                                 approach to a just transition, increasing expectations on
and people. It also considers the ESG issues with the potential
                                                                                 management of nature-related risks and opportunities, and
to impact enterprise value, including through influence on
                                                                                 protecting customer privacy.
stakeholder decision-making.
The process draws on external frameworks and resources,
such as the UNEP FI Impact Radar, as well as reporting                               Principles for Responsible Banking (PRB) self-
frameworks (e.g. Global Reporting Initiative, Sustainability                         assessment
Accounting Standards Board) and ESG benchmarks and ratings
                                                                                     As a founding signatory of the PRB, NAB seeks to align its
(e.g. MSCI. Sustainalytics, Dow Jones Sustainability Index).
                                                                                     business activities to have a positive impact on society.
NAB's engagement with stakeholders as outlined on page                               For detail on NAB's progress against the PRB see its year
23 informs the approach. This includes analysing feedback                            three self-assessment on nab.com.au.(1)
through existing channels, and specific engagements to
                                                                                     BNZ will publish its PRB self-assessment at the end of
discuss ESG matters of importance. Insights are reviewed
                                                                                     calendar year 2023.
against our strategic priorities and industry guidance.


The materiality assessment involves the following four stages:




 2023 ESG material themes                                                        Sub-topics
                                                                                 •   Customer advocacy (pages 13 to 17)
                                                                                 •   Complaint management/remediation (page 50)
         1. Supporting customers                                                 •   Scams and fraud (page 27)
         NAB is here to serve customers well and help our
                                                                                 •   Customers experiencing vulnerability (page 27)
         communities prosper. NAB is becoming a simpler, digital
         bank that gets things done for customers.                               •   Financial hardship (page 27)
                                                                                 •   Affordable housing (page 29)
                                                                                 •   Indigenous business (page 28)
                                                                                 •   Financing the transition to net zero
                                                                                 •   Sustainable finance
         2. Managing climate change                                              •   Biodiversity and natural capital
         Taking decisive action on climate change and
         environmental sustainability. Climate action is                         •   Just transition
         everyone's job.                                                         •   Operational environmental performance
                                                                                 Summarised information can be found on pages 37 to 40. See
                                                                                 the Group's 2023 Climate Report for more detail.
                                                                                 • Code of Conduct (pages 82 to 83)
         3. Governance, conduct and culture                                      • Clear accountability (page 82)
         Being transparent, making ethical decisions and
         embedding accountability throughout the Group.                          • Culture and How We Work (page 81)
                                                                                 • Executive remuneration (page 81)
                                                                                 • Capability, including leadership (pages 31 to 32)
         4. Colleague engagement, inclusion and capability                       • Talent attraction and retention (pages 31 to 32)
         NAB's more than 38,000 colleagues are central to our
                                                                                 • Inclusion and diversity (pages 32 to 35)
         business. NAB is focused on supporting wellbeing, building
         capability and an inclusive culture to be proud of.                     • Health, safety and wellbeing (page 36)
                                                                                 • Employee/Industrial relations (page 36)
                                                                                 • Use of data, privacy and ethics (pages 43 to 45)
         5. Data security, technology and innovation                             • IT security (pages 16 and 43)
         Maintaining resilient, reliable and secure systems oriented
         to customer outcomes and experience.                                    • Innovation (pages 16 and 43)
                                                                                 • Stability (pages 16 and 43)




 (1) See NAB's self-assessment at nab.com.au/about-us/social-impact/shareholders/performance-and-reporting.


24   National Australia Bank
Sustainability approach (cont.)




Sustainability scorecard
The targets and key measures below show the Group’s progress in meeting goals aligned to the sustainability areas that matter

                                                                                                                                        About
most. NAB's 2023 Sustainability Data Pack and 2023 Climate Report is available at nab.com.au/annualreports.
2023 Sustainability scorecard
                                                                                                                                     this report




                                                                                                                                     Our business

                                                                                                                                        in 2023




                                                                                                                                       Creating value




                                                                                                                                     Corporate
                                                                                                                                    Governance
                                                                                                                                     Statement




                                                                                                                                        Risk


                                                                                                                                     management




                                                                                                                                       Report of


                                                                                                                                     the Directors




                                                                                                                                        Financial report




                                                                                                                                      Additional

                                                                                                                                     information




                                                                                                          2023 Annual Report   25
Customers
Serving customers well is a core part of NAB's
strategy. Whether it is helping provide access                                      NAB is here to help. We are investing
to banking for someone who needs additional                                         in new ways to support customers and
support, or being there when times are tough,
                                                                                    improve outcomes for those experiencing
our message to any customer is that we are here
to help.                                                                            financial vulnerability.

Supporting customers in changing                                                    Supporting customers
economic conditions                                                                 experiencing vulnerability
The NAB Assist team is the main point of contact for
                                                                                    The NAB Assist Customer Support Hub supported 2,635
personal and small business customers experiencing financial
                                                                                    customers experiencing vulnerability including domestic and
difficulty. This team will tailor assistance to each customer
                                                                                    family violence, scams, financial abuse, problem gambling
and their circumstances.
                                                                                    and other challenging circumstances, as outlined in NAB's
In the current economic environment the main reasons                                Customers Experiencing Vulnerability Framework 2021-2023(1).
for hardship include expenses, unemployment and
underemployment. NAB is more frequently reviewing loans                             Reducing financial abuse in all its forms
and getting in touch with customers so they can prepare                             Taking extra care of customers experiencing financial abuse
for any changes in repayments. For example, for customers                           is a priority. Identifying these customers earlier to provide
who are rolling off low fixed rates, NAB has developed a                            the right support is a key focus at NAB. Some examples in
digitised fixed rate rollover process with pricing based on their                   2023 include:
individual circumstances.
                                                                                    •   NAB has a zero tolerance approach to financial abuse and
Through NAB Assist, customers are offered personalised care                             terms and conditions have been updated to reflect this.
including free financial counselling and wellbeing support.
                                                                                    •   Improved detection and prevention of abusive messages
These offerings extend to reduced repayments, payment
                                                                                        in transaction descriptions, with almost 14,000 messages
breaks, loan reviews and restructures tailored to each
                                                                                        blocked per month in mobile app and internet banking.
situation. In 2023, NAB has provided customers with financial
                                                                                        Customers sending serious threatening messages are
support on 15,354 accounts.
                                                                                        being investigated, warned and in some cases may
Investing in systems and partnerships                                                   be exited.

NAB has invested in new ways to support customers and                               Disaster relief
improve outcomes for those experiencing financial difficulty:
                                                                                    NAB’s Ready Together program supported customers
•    NAB strengthened its online offering to improve the digital                    impacted by natural disasters with $557,000 in cash grants
     form that enables customers to apply for financial hardship                    during the year. The grant application process has also been
     without calling a contact centre. In the last year NAB                         made easier with a new online application form for customers
     customers have requested hardship assistance on 6,450                          to apply for an emergency relief grant. Refer to page 48 for
     accounts via the online form. This form supports increased                     more information on the NAB Ready Together program.
     customer demand during times of natural disaster and the
     provision of relief.
•    NAB works with third party representatives such as Way                             Quick link
     Forward and financial counsellors to support customers                             nab.com.au/customersupport
     experiencing financial difficulty.
•    NAB has implemented a cost-of-living training program for
     colleagues to improve customer conversations.




    (1) Available at nab.com.au/content/dam/nabrwd/documents/guides/corporate/customer-vulnerability-framework-21-23.pdf.


26      National Australia Bank
Customers (cont.)




Accelerating our efforts to protect                                                             initiatives aiming to support people on low incomes – mainly
customers against scams and fraud                                                               the No Interest Loans (NILs) program.

                                                                                                                                                                                               About
NAB is taking action to reduce the impact of scams and fraud                                    It is one of NAB’s longest-standing corporate
on customers. NAB received an increase in customer enquiries                                    community partnerships.

                                                                                                                                                                                            this report
this year in relation to scams and fraud, with an average of
1,500 scam cases impacting NAB customers per month, an
increase of 74% compared to 2022.
NAB is investing in initiatives aimed at preventing fraud, scams,
financial and cyber crime for customers. As at September
2023, 33 initiatives have been completed as part of a bank-

                                                                                                                                                                                            Our business
wide strategy to help address the global scam epidemic.
These include:


                                                                                                                                                                                               in 2023
•     Adding more than 70 dedicated scam and fraud team
      members this year creating a team of more than 470
      colleagues in the Group Investigations and Fraud team,
      assisting to support 24/7 customer account monitoring for
      signs of suspicious activity.




                                                                                                                                                                                              Creating value
•     Working with telecommunication providers to reduce
      the impact of criminals attempting to infiltrate and
      impersonate NAB phone numbers and legitimate text
      message threads.                                                                          Since 2003, NAB has provided zero-interest capital to enable
                                                                                                almost 380,000 microfinance loans, worth $482.6 million.
•     Removing links in text messages to protect customers. NAB
      became the first major bank in Australia to replace links                                 In doing so, NAB has helped almost one million Australians
      in text messages with advice directing customers to NAB's                                 on low incomes, primarily through access to loans with no
      website, to call NAB, or head to internet banking or the NAB                              interest or fees.
      app to take specific action.                                                              In 2023, NAB provided support to help build financial inclusion
•     Introducing customer payment alerts to the mobile app                                     across Australia by supporting more than 87,000 Australians                                 Corporate
      and internet banking to encourage customers to stop and                                   with 40,940 NILs totalling $68.6 million, including support for
      think before making payments. This intervention has seen                                  10,575 Indigenous customers(2)(3).                                                         Governance
                                                                                                                                                                                            Statement
      $40 million worth of payments subsequently abandoned.
                                                                                                Accessibility
•     Implementing new customer protections to block
      payments to some high-risk cryptocurrency exchanges                                       NAB’s new Accessibility Action Plan 2023 – 2024 available
      where scams are more prevalent.                                                           at nab.com.au/about-us/accessibility-inclusion was launched
                                                                                                this year, providing a roadmap for improved inclusion
•     Played a leading role in the creation of the Australian

                                                                                                                                                                                               Risk
                                                                                                and accessibility for customers, colleagues and community
      Financial Crimes Exchange (AFCX) Fraud Exchange Platform
                                                                                                members. In 2023, NAB was awarded third place in the Access
      (FRX). This is a digital platform helping banks exchange
                                                                                                and Inclusion Index by the Australian Network on Disability. The
      information in real-time, improving the possibility that

                                                                                                                                                                                            management
                                                                                                action plan focuses on three key goals:
      scammed funds can be frozen and returned to customers.
                                                                                                1. Work towards being an employer of choice for people
•     Ran more than 110 free security education webinars
                                                                                                   with disability.
      throughout the year. These sessions are free to all
      Australians, not just NAB customers.                                                      2. Help our communities prosper by supporting disability
                                                                                                   organisations and businesses to solve emerging issues.
With the application of various initiatives, NAB has prevented

                                                                                                                                                                                              Report of
and recovered more than $200 million in scam losses for our                                     3. Use data and insights from customers to listen, understand
customers over the last two years.                                                                 and implement improved accessibility into their experience.


                                                                                                                                                                                            the Directors
NAB’s message to customers is to stay alert, curious and                                        Some improvements made in 2023 are:
educated on scams and fraud.                                                                    •   Registering disability organisations on NAB neighbourhood
                                                                                                    to access expert volunteering.
Inclusive banking                                                                               •   Rolling out interpreter services for customers with limited
                                                                                                    English across all contact centres.
Supporting low-income customers




                                                                                                                                                                                               Financial report
A significant number of people in Australia and New                                             •   The Indigenous Customer Service Line has made
Zealand experience difficulties accessing financial services(1).                                    improvements to help indigenous customers experiencing
NAB works to support customers through inclusive                                                    ID takeover and fraudulent transactions to ensure they are
banking practices.                                                                                  authenticated more effectively, reducing the time taken to
                                                                                                    resolve their issues.
NAB and Good Shepherd Australia New Zealand (Good
                                                                                                •   As more customers adopt digital banking, Bank@Post
Shepherd) have worked together since 2003 to help
                                                                                                    continues to be a place where customers with
Australians manage their money better and serve those at
                                                                                                    passbooks can withdraw money, including in regional and
risk of exclusion from mainstream banking services. The
                                                                                                    rural locations.
partnership began through NAB’s support of microfinance
                                                                                                                                                                                             Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                            information
    (1) 28 Marjolin, A., Muir, K., and Ramia, I. (2017) Financial Resilience and Access to Financial Products and Services – Part 2, Centre for Social Impact (CSI) at UNSW Sydney, for
        National Australia Bank.
    (2) For breakdown of products included, see NAB's 2023 Sustainability Data Pack available at nab.com.au/annualreports. Number and dollar value of microfinance loans
        written by NAB are assured by EY. NAB microfinance dollar value figures are provided in AUD.
    (3) Number of people supported by a NILs loan includes dependents of loan recipients.


                                                                                                                                                           2023 Annual Report         27
Customers (cont.)




•    Progressively updating applications and documentation                               We have developed and mandated our cultural awareness
     with more inclusive gender and salutations fields.                                  training for Australian-based colleagues to help build their
•    Enhanced customer focus in product governance and                                   understanding of Australia’s shared history, as well as NAB's
     risk assessment with a new Inclusive Product Guidance                               own initiatives and objectives and how these relate to the
     tool for product owners and change managers to self-                                work of our colleagues and their ability to support customers
     assess a range of customer accessibility, inclusion and                             effectively. Since the release of the training module, we have
     vulnerability considerations.                                                       achieved a 98% completion rate.

Helping First Nations businesses prosper                                                 Supporting reconciliation
                                                                                         Our vision is for a reconciled Australia, where the gaps
NAB recognises the importance of the First Nations                                       between Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander and non-
business and community sectors. NAB has developed                                        Indigenous Australians are closed. It’s a future where
specialist bankers and provides funding that can help First                              Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people have the same
Nations people prosper.                                                                  access to finance and employment— where First Nations and
NAB was the first Australian corporate business to achieve                               non-Indigenous Australians and organisations work together
'Elevate' Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP) status for our                                to build healthy, inclusive and sustainable communities
leadership in reconciliation.                                                            We support the ambitions and progress of First Nations
NAB is developing its next three-year RAP for 2024-2026. It                              people. Our primary focus is providing better banking
builds on the ambition of NAB's previous RAP's, and ultimately                           services, particularly to Indigenous businesses in the
aligns with our objective to drive commercial growth in the                              knowledge that jobs and economic opportunities drive
First Nations business sector, including through initiatives                             positive social outcomes.
aligned with key pillars; customers, colleagues and community.                           Our RAP sets out the actions we are taking. In developing
Through its growing network of specialised bankers across                                and delivering our RAP, we consider the perspectives of our
Australia, NAB will fund First Nations businesses and community                          Indigenous colleagues, customers and community partners –
organisations eager to unlock their potential and grow.                                  to understand and our role in supporting them to succeed.

NAB has set a target to more than double its lending to First                            In this context, the NAB Board and Executive Leadership Team
Nations businesses and community organisations to at least                               made a unanimous decision, in 2022, to support constitutional
$1 billion over the next three years(1).                                                 recognition of Indigenous people. In 2022-2023, a total of
                                                                                         $1.5 million in philanthropic grants were made to Australians for
NAB's team of specialist bankers support First Nations
                                                                                         Indigenous Constitutional Recognition (AICR), From the Heart
businesses by:
                                                                                         (via Cape York Foundation) and Uluru Dialogue. NAB respects
•    Providing sector, government policy, First Nations culture                          the democratic process and the views of shareholders,
     and credit opportunity insights to the NAB banking team.                            colleagues and customers are broad and varied.
•    Connecting NAB's customers to external business                                     We seek genuine partnership with Aboriginal and Torres Strait
     advisors and financial capital providers from government,                           Islander colleagues, customers, and communities. By listening
     philanthropists and NGOs.                                                           to First Nations’ perspectives we will keep working to help
•    Deepening NAB's understanding of sector compliance and                              deliver better economic outcomes for First Nation Australians.
     regulatory requirements of First Nations businesses and                             See page 33 for more information on NAB’s approach to
     community organisations to effectively provide funding                              supporting First Nations colleagues.
     and other banking services to ensure these entities grow
     and thrive.                                                                           NAB's "Walking together" Indigenous
Working together with First Nations people, NAB:                                           star illustrates recognition of
                                                                                           Indigenous Australians' contribution
•    Partnered with six First Nations business chambers and two                            to culture, and NAB's ambition to
     government agencies towards delivering sector insights                                support their financial inclusion and
     and education.                                                                        economic aspirations. The idea came
                                                                                           from proud Kamilaroi man and NAB
•    Delivered targeted First Nations cultural awareness                                   colleague Kieran Cain-Hall, and was
     training to 89 business bankers, credit specialists, legal                            designed by Marcus Lee, a proud
                                                                                           Aboriginal descendant of the Karajarri
     practitioners, and banking associates.
                                                                                           people from North Western Australia.
•    Created a dedicated First Nations Business Credit specialist
     support team and in-depth credit coaching and support for
     our network of Indigenous business bankers nationally.



     BNZ's Māori strategy
     BNZ's objective is to serve Māori well and help Māori communities prosper and create a more inclusive economy. BNZ's
     Māori strategy aims to build a strong wharenui (large house) and this is built on three pou (pillars).
     Pou Tahi – Raising competency in Māori, improving response to Te Tiriti o Waitangi, cultural practice, te reo, Māori
     leadership and recruitment.
     Pou Rua – Facilitate solutions for Māori through business solutions, sustainability-linked loans, lending and
     financial literacy.
     Pou Toru – Influence the market for Māori business to prosper through iwi and public sector relationships.


    (1) Lending target position refers to 'Gross Loans and Advances' as at the target of 31 December 2026 to customers who have been identified as an Indigenous business or
        community organisation. Baseline position of $413.6m calculated as at 31 August 2023.


28      National Australia Bank
Customers (cont.)




Affordable and specialist housing                                                     BNZ
Affordable housing is a priority area of impact at NAB and a                          BNZ supports New Zealanders into warm, dry and resilient

                                                                                                                                                                                About
critical issue facing customers and communities. In November                          homes. The focus to date has been on shared ownership
2022, NAB extended its efforts, targeting an additional $6 billion                    models that support construction and new home ownership.
                                                                                      One of these initiatives is First Home Partner, a shared
                                                                                                                                                                             this report
in lending for affordable and specialist housing by 2029.
                                                                                      ownership initiative with Kāinga Ora aimed at helping people
This includes accommodation provided by state and territory
                                                                                      who have a household income of under NZD $150,000 and a
governments and community housing providers through to
                                                                                      minimum of 5% deposit. Partnering with Habitat for Humanity,
mixed tenure developments, commercial projects including
                                                                                      BNZ is helping homeowners who would otherwise lack access
build-to-rent as well as government programs to support
                                                                                      to the necessary funds improve the resilience and liveability
home ownership essential workers, younger Australians and
                                                                                      of their homes. In 2023 the programme assisted 64 families,
                                                                                                                                                                             Our business
those on low incomes.
                                                                                      with access to more than NZD $500,0000 of no interest lending
During 2023, a total of $2.2 billion(1) was provided towards                          for home repairs improving the wellbeing of our communities.

                                                                                                                                                                                in 2023
this target.

Social, affordable and community housing
NAB is working closely with the Federal Government's major
housing financing body, Housing Australia, to help create
the right financing conditions to build scale in social and




                                                                                                                                                                               Creating value
affordable housing aligned with the Federal Government’s
ambition for 40,000 social and affordable homes by 2029.
This year NAB helped to finance social, affordable and
community housing transactions which included build to
rent, land lease and mixed tenure models. NAB is focused
on connecting and influencing key stakeholders through
networks in the affordable housing sector, and working
closely with community partners like Good Shepherd and the
Salvation Army.
                                                                                                                                                                             Corporate
Specialist Disability Accommodation (SDA)
                                                                                                                                                                            Governance
Life with disability can make finding a liveable home harder. In
2023, NAB has financed the construction of some significant                                                                                                                  Statement
specialist homes for people living with disability. This
included finance to the Australian Disability Accommodation
Projects(2). Working with Lighthouse Infrastructure and a
consortium of lenders, this is NAB’s largest commitment in

                                                                                                                                                                                Risk
the SDA sector to date, and the first social loan for SDA
in Australia.


                                                                                                                                                                             management
First Home Guarantee Scheme
NAB is helping people earning incomes under the national
median, access home ownership as part of the First Home
Guarantee (FHG) scheme which has established income and
other eligibility criteria. NAB’s affordable and specialist housing


                                                                                                                                                                               Report of
target includes a subset of loans provided via the FHG, for
loans where applicants have a total taxable income under the
national median, and for properties with a price under the

                                                                                                                                                                             the Directors
national median. NAB is a founding bank in this scheme and in
2023 has financed loans in this subset housing, approximately
5,127 borrowers.
The growth of this scheme shows government, business and
community providers, all play a key role in making home




                                                                                                                                                                                Financial report
ownership more accessible. NAB is consulting with the Federal
Government on its new Help to Buy scheme, a shared equity
access program for low-income earners, announced in 2022.




                                                                                                                                                                              Additional

                                                                                                                                                                             information
 (1) Affordable and specialist housing includes affordable housing, specialist disability accommodation and sustainable housing. This includes loans made under the First
     Home Guarantee and Family Home Guarantee, as part of the Home Guarantee Scheme for properties under the national median house price, and for borrowers with
     taxable income below the national median household income. Progress is based on total lending facilities committed, where first draw down occurred during the target
     period, or additional funding was provided during the target period for a pre-existing loan facility. This number does not reflect debt balance.
 (2) Australian Disability Accommodation Projects Trust 2.


                                                                                                                                             2023 Annual Report       29
Colleagues
Colleague strategy
Colleagues and customers are the twin peaks of                     Table 1: Workforce by contract type and gender
NAB's strategy                                                     2023 (%)
                                                                                                                         Female       Male
NAB is delivering our Colleague Strategy with the goal of having    Permanent full-time                                        30.8       36.8
trusted professionals that are proud to be a part of NAB. Refer     Permanent part-time                                         6.8           1.2
to Figure 1 for further information.
                                                                    Fixed term full-time                                        1.1           2.1
NAB has:                                                            Fixed term part-time                                        0.2           0.1
•    Focused on developing leadership and capability for            Casual                                                      0.6           0.2
     leaders and colleagues. We have emphasised colleague
                                                                    External/temporary                                          7.2       12.4
     development and increased professionalism in our               employee/contractors
     workforce through formal banking accreditation (refer to
     page 31).                                                     Source: Workforce distribution based on headcount as at
                                                                   30 September 2023. Due to rounding, figures may not sum to 100%.
•    Delivered against our Inclusion and Diversity Framework
     (refer to page 32).
                                                                   Chart 1: Workforce distribution by geographic region
•    Fostered a safe and healthy working environment where
                                                                                                    0.9%
     colleagues can thrive (refer to page 36).                                             6.6%
•    Commenced our colleague-centric and future-focused                            14.3%
     People and Culture technology transformation program
     (refer to page 36).
•    Achieved majority support from colleagues on the 2024
     Enterprise Agreement (refer to page 36).

Workforce composition
                                                                                                                      78.2%
NAB's workforce is made up of more than 38,000 colleagues
globally. About 93% of the workforce are in Australia and New
Zealand, while others work in Asia, London, New York and Paris.
                                                                       Australia                           Asia
NAB has observed lower levels of colleague attrition in 2023
                                                                        New Zealand                   UK, USA and Europe
as the broader economy experiences uncertain economic
                                                                   Source: Workforce distribution figures based on headcount as at
conditions locally and globally.                                   30 September 2023. Total percentages may not equal 100 due
                                                                   to rounding.

                                                                   Chart 2: Group total colleague turnover

                                                                                                  11.8%
                                                                                                                                      10.1%
                                                                     17.4%         15.8%                      14.4%           15.5%



                                                                      2018         2019           2020            2021        2022    2023




Figure 1: Colleague strategy




30     National Australia Bank
Colleagues (cont.)




Leadership and capability
NAB seeks to develop leaders and colleagues who are clear,         Talented professionals who shape the future
                                                                                                                                            About
capable and motivated. Investing in skills and capability drives   of banking.
engagement, resulting in improved customer experience and

                                                                                                                                         this report
overall performance.
NAB has three organisation-wide priorities to sustainably
improve leadership and capability. These are:                        Employer of Choice Awards
•   Distinctive Leadership: NAB’s signature leadership               NAB was recognised for the second year running as #3
    program, focused on bringing strong disciplines to leaders.      in the 2023 LinkedIn Top Companies to grow your career
    92% of leaders have completed the program. In 2023 the           in Australia. NAB also ranked #4 on GradAustralia’s Top

                                                                                                                                         Our business
    Distinctive Leadership experience was made available to all      100 Graduate Employers and #1 in the Banking & Finance
    colleagues through digital learning modules, enabling the        industry. Other recognition included:

                                                                                                                                            in 2023
    extension of disciplines in support of colleague and
                                                                     •   #6 in the 2023 Top 100 Most Popular Graduate
    customer outcomes.
                                                                         Employers List as determined by GradConnection/AFR
•   People Leader Fundamentals: Launched in 2023, People                 (up from #9 the prior year)
    Leader Fundamentals is an enterprise-wide approach to
                                                                     •   #25 on the Australia Associate of Graduate
    help people leaders navigate processes, systems and
                                                                         Employers top 75 list. The highest of the Big 4 banks
    policies at NAB. People Leader Fundamentals aims to




                                                                                                                                           Creating value
                                                                         and up from #50 the prior year.
    provide a structured, self-directed pathway for new
    leaders, while also offering learning for experienced
    leaders. People Leader Fundamentals sits alongside
    Distinctive Leadership in enabling our people leaders to
    excel in their roles.
•   Career Qualified in Banking (CQiB): Reinforces the Group's
    emphasis on colleague development, industry
    professionalism and serving customers well, as it strives to

                                                                                                                                         Corporate
    have Australia’s most qualified bankers. The key program
    delivered by CQiB is the Professional Banking Fundamentals
    qualification, delivered in partnership with Financial                                                                              Governance
    Services Institute of Australasia (FINSIA). NAB has enrolled
    over 20,000 colleagues since the program commenced in                                                                                Statement
    2021, and has delivered more than 14,500 graduates at the
    end of 2023.
To further support colleagues in building confidence and


                                                                                                                                            Risk
competence in their roles, NAB offers technical learning
pathways, accreditations and core regulatory training to build
capabilities in areas such as green and sustainable finance,

                                                                                                                                         management
cloud computing, engineering and product ownership. In 2023,
this included investments in NAB’s cloud skills training
program, Climate training for bankers, NAB Cloud Guild, and
deployment of the Technology Academy in Australia and
Vietnam to build a pipeline of digital skills.
NAB has invested in digital learning platforms to provide

                                                                                                                                           Report of
colleagues the opportunity to access learning programs
relevant to their own development needs.


                                                                                                                                         the Directors




                                                                                                                                            Financial report




                                                                                                                                          Additional

                                                                                                                                         information




                                                                                                              2023 Annual Report   31
Colleagues (cont.)




Engagement                                                                              is assessed and reported on at least annually. The I&D
                                                                                        Policy is available on NAB's website at nab.com.au/about-us/
Listening and acting on colleague feedback is critical
                                                                                        corporate-governance. The ELT has direct accountability for
to engagement. One way in which leaders engage in
                                                                                        the execution of the framework. All leaders at NAB have I&D
regular and careful colleague listening is NAB’s ‘Heartbeat’
                                                                                        goals included in their annual performance plan. The Board
engagement survey.
                                                                                        and the ELT's ambition is for a workforce that is reflective of
Heartbeat provides an opportunity to gain a deeper                                      the broader community and a reputation that attracts and
understanding of NAB's colleagues, and what drives                                      retains the best talent.
engagement. Information from the Heartbeat survey helps
leaders address the needs of their teams and informs NAB’s                              Gender equality
Executive Leadership Team (ELT) in identifying consistent                               NAB has set measurable objectives for gender equality, with a
feedback and areas of improvement across the bank.                                      target to achieve 40-60% female representation at every level
Against a backdrop of declining engagement across                                       of the business, and to reduce the gender pay gap to below
corporates globally, NAB’s average engagement score of 77(1)                            10%, both by 2025. Our measurable objectives are detailed on
for 2023 met the top quartile global benchmark of 77 and has                            page 35.
improved from 2022. NAB's engagement score was 78 as at the
July 2023 survey.                                                                       Representation
Key strengths identified by colleagues include their people                             There has been solid progress towards gender representation
leader, their understanding of how their work contributes to                            targets in 2023, with increases in representation of women
NAB’s strategy and being treated with respect.                                          on the Board and across senior salary groups where
                                                                                        representation has historically been lower. The Board has
Colleagues identified opportunities for improvement in the
                                                                                        achieved gender diversity in the composition of its non-
need for NAB to become a simpler place to work and removing
                                                                                        executive directors in 2023, with 55% being women.
barriers that slow down work. Information on how NAB is
making things easy for customers and colleagues is on page                              To continue to improve representation of women, NAB
13 in the Strategy section of this report.                                              invests in initiatives designed to accelerate a diverse
                                                                                        pipeline of women towards more senior roles. This
Inclusion and diversity                                                                 includes the 1500 degrees program in our Business and
                                                                                        Private Banking business, which provides Group 3 & 4
Inclusion and diversity (I&D) provides better outcomes for
                                                                                        women with targeted learning, networking, sponsorship, and
customers, colleagues and the community. Ensuring that
                                                                                        development opportunities.
colleagues feel appreciated and empowered to contribute
helps improve performance, innovation and risk management.                              Reducing the gender pay gap
The Board has endorsed a three year I&D Strategy Framework
                                                                                        NAB's 2023 gender pay gap for base pay is 15.8% decreasing
                                                                                                                                                      (2)


for 2022-2024.
                                                                                        from 16.9% in 2022. This was primarily driven by an increase in
The three pillars of the I&D Strategy Framework are:                                    representation of women in middle to senior leadership.
1. Inclusive leadership: Leaders are visible in their work                              Driving greater representation of women in leadership roles is
   towards inclusion and actively build diversity in teams. They                        one of the most sustainable ways to continue reducing the
   role model How We Work in their everyday actions and                                 gender pay gap and a key priority for NAB.
   ensure that systems are inclusive and accessible to all.
                                                                                        Equal pay or pay equity differs from gender pay gap, and
2. Inclusive workplace: A culture that actively promotes                                broadly means pay decisions are not influenced by factors
   and leverages team diversity, flexibility and wellbeing. An                          such as gender, age, ethnicity, religion or sexual orientation.
   environment where all colleagues feel they can contribute                            We take specific steps to ensure that all colleagues are
   to their full potential.                                                             paid equally for doing the same role, including undertaking
3. Customer inclusion: Colleagues who take pride in                                     pay equity reviews as part of our annual performance and
   understanding the needs of NAB's customers, ensuring that                            remuneration process. This analysis compares pay for similar
   they can access the information, services and products                               roles and seeks to account for legitimate factors driving
   they need with ease.                                                                 differences in pay (e.g. seniority, expertise, experience, and
In line with the framework, in 2023 NAB has:                                            performance). Following this recent review in 2023, NAB
                                                                                        made positive adjustments to the end-of-year remuneration
•    Continued to embed the I&D governance structure,
                                                                                        decisions of more than 400 colleagues.
     which includes the operation of NAB’s I&D Council and
     restructuring of NAB’s Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) to                          Additional steps to ensure colleagues are paid equally for
     include stronger executive sponsorship.                                            doing the same job, include:
•    Incorporated key performance indicators for I&D, which are                         •   Clear guidance to People Leaders who make pay decisions
     linked to remuneration, into the ELT’s performance plans.                              that determinations must reflect the individual’s role and
                                                                                            contribution to NAB.
•    Developed and delivered on divisional I&D plans owned by
     each Group Executive, which support tailored actions and                           •   Providing People Leaders with pay equity analysis for
     emphasise the leader-led approach to inclusion.                                        consideration in annual pay reviews and subjecting
                                                                                            our annual performance and pay reviews to a robust
•    Launched the First Nations Employee Resource Group.
                                                                                            challenge process.
Leader-led, colleague-enabled approach                                                  •   Communicating with colleagues and increasing the
NAB's I&D Policy includes a requirement for the Board                                       transparency of pay outcomes.
to set measurable objectives for achieving inclusion and                                •   Continuing to simplify our remuneration structures
diversity which, together with progress on the framework,                                   where appropriate.
    (1) 2023 Heartbeat Surveys conducted by Glint, score based on an average of the four surveys conducted in November 2022, February 2023, May 2023 and July 2023.
        Includes Australia and New Zealand colleagues, excludes external contractors, consultants and temporary colleagues.
    (2) Based on the percentage of women in each salary level, calculated using population of permanent full-time and part-time colleagues.


32      National Australia Bank
Colleagues (cont.)




Cultural inclusion                                                                  Accessibility
NAB encourages colleagues to use cultural and religious leave,                      NAB released the Group Accessibility Action Plan 2023-2024,

                                                                                                                                                                            About
providing up to three working days of paid leave each year to                       which will deliver on three key goals:
celebrate important cultural or religious events and traditions.                    •   Being an employer of choice for people with disability.

                                                                                                                                                                         this report
NAB was Platinum sponsor of the Asian Leadership Project’s                          •   Helping communities to prosper by supporting disability
national conference and participates in its National Group                              organisations to solve emerging issues.
Mentoring program.
                                                                                    •   Using data and insights from customers to listen,
NAB’s Cultural Inclusion Employee Resource Group (ERG)                                  understand and implement improved accessibility into
aspires to promote an inclusive workplace where cultural                                their experience.
diversity is celebrated, to increase diverse representation

                                                                                                                                                                         Our business
                                                                                    In 2023, NAB was ranked in the top three organisations on the
in senior leadership roles, and to harness the power of
                                                                                    Australian Network on Disability Access and Inclusion Index.
cultural inclusion. The ERG provides a forum for colleagues
                                                                                    Key partnerships informing NAB’s approach include:

                                                                                                                                                                            in 2023
to celebrate many cultural dates of significance and works
passionately to help culturally diverse colleagues to advance                       •   Valuable 500, a global movement putting disability inclusion
their careers at NAB.                                                                   on the business leadership agenda. Through involvement in
                                                                                        this global network NAB is building capability and striving for
Indigenous Australian inclusion                                                         best practice in disability inclusion.
Ensuring that all colleagues understand First Nations culture                       •   Australian Network on Disability, participating in programs




                                                                                                                                                                           Creating value
is critical to support inclusion in the workplace and for our                           and initiatives including the Stepping Into internship
customers. This year NAB’s Indigenous cultural awareness                                program and the Positive Action Towards Career
training was refreshed and made mandatory for all Australian                            Engagement (PACE) Mentoring Program.
colleagues. This was supplemented by a specific cultural
capability program for all Executives.                                              The NABility ERG, a voluntary group of colleagues with disability,
                                                                                    carers of people with disability and allies, has used internal
NAB supports employment pathways at all levels for First                            and external story-telling to celebrate the role and valuable
Nations Australians. In the past 12 months entry-level positions                    contributions that colleagues with disability have at NAB. They
through the Indigenous intern and trainee programs (13 and 25                       have also delivered internal events to encourage disability
positions respectively) have been provided.
                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate
                                                                                    pride and reduce ableism.
In 2023, NAB’s First Nations ERG was launched. Having a
shared understanding forms a strong basis which is central                          Supporting colleagues who are carers                                                Governance
to true reconciliation and progress. The ERG seeks to create                        This year NAB has strengthened our parental leave offering by:
a culturally safe environment within NAB where First Nations                                                                                                             Statement
                                                                                    •   Providing equal leave to both parents by removing the
colleagues have a clear sense of community.
                                                                                        distinction between primary and secondary carers.
NAB measures the inclusion experience for colleagues
                                                                                    •   Increasing the number of weeks paid parental leave to 16
who identify as Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander
                                                                                        weeks upon the birth of a child, as well as for adoption,

                                                                                                                                                                            Risk
annually through the Heartbeat survey. In 2023, the
                                                                                        foster and kinship arrangements for children under 16 years
inclusion index score for this cohort was 80, which is 3
                                                                                        of age, with additional flexibility as to when the leave can
points lower than non-Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander
                                                                                        be taken. This builds on changes made last financial year

                                                                                                                                                                         management
colleagues. NAB will work to reduce the gap in 2024,
                                                                                        that removed the requirement to have at least 12 months
through initiatives outlined in NAB’s Reconciliation Action
                                                                                        service to qualify for paid parental leave.
Plan available at nab.com.au/content/dam/nab/documents/
reports/corporate/reconciliation-action-plan-2022-2023.pdf.                         •   Updating our pregnancy loss leave provisions to provide
                                                                                        two weeks’ paid leave (or 16 weeks’ paid leave if more than
LGBTQIA+ inclusion                                                                      20 weeks’ gestation).


                                                                                                                                                                           Report of
NAB was awarded Platinum Status in the 2023 Australian                              •   Enhancing the superannuation contributions for full and
Workplace Equality Index (AWEI). This is the highest                                    part time colleagues on parental leave, increasing these
recognition, acknowledging NAB’s high level of performance                              to a period of two years from date of birth or placement (up

                                                                                                                                                                         the Directors
over a sustained time.                                                                  from 52 weeks).
The NAB Pride ERG aims to be the voice of LGBTQIA+ colleagues                       The return-to-work rate(1) across all genders and all Australia
and customers, by raising awareness and advocating for a                            colleagues after parental leave was 93.6%, an increase on 2022
safe, inclusive workplace and experience.                                           (92.5%). NAB monitors this rate and supports colleagues to
                                                                                    return to work.




                                                                                                                                                                            Financial report
In 2023, NAB introduced gender affirmation leave, of up to 12
months, consisting of 4 weeks paid leave and the remainder                          Anti-harassment and discrimination
unpaid. Colleagues who take steps to affirm their gender have
the entitlement to build a gender affirmation plan alongside                        NAB has zero-tolerance for sexual harassment and works
their people leader, and a support person, to help ensure a                         to fulfil our duty to prevent sexual harassment and
positive experience in affirming gender at work.                                    discrimination. In response to the Respect@Work legislative
                                                                                    changes, a detailed gap analysis has been completed using
NAB supports the LGBTQIA+ community through partnerships                            the Australian Human Rights Commission’s Good Practice
with Out Leadership, the Pride Cup, and Principal Partnership                       Indicators Framework to ensure NAB has clear outcomes and
of the Midsumma Festival in Melbourne for the eleventh                              measures on leadership, culture, training, risk management,

                                                                                                                                                                          Additional
consecutive year.                                                                   support, reporting, monitoring and evaluation.
                                                                                    A Respect@NAB training module has been added to NABs

                                                                                                                                                                         information
                                                                                    People Leader Fundamentals program, which is designed to

 (1) Percentage of Employees due to return from paid parental leave of >90 days between October 1 2022 - 30 September 2023 who have returned and remained working for
     a period of at least 30 days.


                                                                                                                                          2023 Annual Report      33
Colleagues (cont.)




educate People Leaders on NAB’s legislative obligations and to
foster an environment that reduces the likelihood of bullying,
harassment and other inappropriate conduct.
Additional actions to strengthen leadership responsibility,
bystander interaction, training and risk management are
underway. A psychosocial risk working group meets quarterly
to identify trends and issues and proactively address risk
indicators of sexual harassment and other forms of unlawful
discrimination, harassment and bullying.
NAB takes a complainant-sensitive approach to complaint
handling and encourages speaking up and to address
any concerns raised regarding unlawful discrimination and
bullying, including sexual harassment. There has been more
frequent and targeted communication, enhanced conduct
and risk awareness training for all colleagues, and support
for People Leaders managing concerns about harassment and
discrimination. NAB’s discrimination and harassment guidelines
can be viewed on nab.com.au.

Diversity in supply chain
Including diverse suppliers (businesses owned by women, First
Nations people, people with disability, and social enterprises)
into NAB's supply chain helps increase their exposure to
corporate sourcing, while creating employment and training
opportunities, sustainable growth and social and financial
inclusion. In 2023, NAB’s spend with diverse suppliers increased
to $7.5 million(1) up from $4.2 million in 2022. Of this, $6.0 million
was to Indigenous supplier spend, exceeding NAB’s target to
spend $5 million in 2023.




 (1) In 2023, NAB increased its resourcing and improved processes for recording and reporting on supplier diversity, allowing greater opportunity to identify pathways for
     spending with diverse suppliers including Indigenous suppliers. NAB’s spend with diverse suppliers increased to $7.5 million up from $4.2 million in 2022. Of this, $6m was
     to Indigenous suppliers, against NAB’s target to spend $5m with Indigenous suppliers in 2023. Diverse spend has 2 pathways to capture spend as follows: 1) Diverse
     supplier engaged directly by NAB (Tier-1 or Direct Suppliers); 2) Diverse supplier engaged through a NAB supplier as a subcontractor (Tier-2 or Directed Suppliers).


34   National Australia Bank
Colleagues (cont.)




Table 2: Progress Against NAB's 2021-2025 measurable objectives


                                                                                                                                                                                        About
 Measurable objective                                                          2021                      2022                       2023                  2025 target
 1. Diverse leadership teams and talent pipelines

                                                                                                                                                                                     this report
 40-60% gender representation at every level of the business(1)
 40-60% gender representation on NAB Group Board (non-executive directors)
 40-60% gender representation on NAB subsidiary boards
 Representation of women
     NAB Board (non-executive directors)                                                38%                        38%                       55%                   40-60%


                                                                                                                                                                                     Our business
     NAB Group subsidiary boards                                                        49%                        49%                       53%                   40-60%
     Executive Management (Salary level 7)                                              33%                        31%                       33%                   40-60%


                                                                                                                                                                                        in 2023
     Executive Management (Salary level 6)                                              35%                        36%                       37%                   40-60%
     Senior Management (Salary level 5)                                                 36%                        36%                       38%                   40-60%
     Management (Salary level 4)                                                        38%                        39%                       39%                   40-60%
     Non-management (Salary level 3)                                                    45%                        46%                       46%                   40-60%
     Non-management (Salary level 2)                                                    56%                        57%                       56%                   40-60%




                                                                                                                                                                                       Creating value
     Non-management (Salary level 1)                                                    71%                        70%                       68%                   40-60%
     Total organisation                                                                 50%                        50%                       50%                   40-60%
 2. Fair remuneration – seek to reward people fairly and support the objective of <10% gender pay gap by 2025
     Gender pay gap(2)                                                                16.6%                      16.9%                     15.8%                      <10%
 3. Inclusive workplace culture(3)(4)
     Women (Difference vs men)(5)                                             -2 (81 vs 83)              -1 (81 vs 82)             -3 (79 vs 82)                           0
     People with disability (Difference vs people                             -4 (79 vs 83)             -5 (78 vs 83)              -6 (77 vs 83)                           0
     without disability)(6)
     Ethnic minority (Difference vs non-ethnic                                -1 (82 vs 83)              0 (83 vs 83)               0 (83 vs 83)                           0         Corporate
     minority)(7)
     LGBTQIA+ (Difference vs non-LGBTQIA+)(8)                                 -3 (80 vs 83)             -2 (81 vs 83)              -2 (80 vs 82)                           0        Governance
     Carers (Difference vs non-carers)(9)                                     -1 (83 vs 84)             -1 (82 vs 83)              -2 (81 vs 83)                           0         Statement
 (1) Based on the percentage of women in each salary level, calculated using population of permanent full-time and part-time colleagues.
 (2) The pay gap analysis indicates NAB’s gender pay gap when comparing the base salary of all females to males within the Australian-based workforce of NAB, for the
     reporting period 1st April 2022 to 31 March 2023. The ratio is calculated by dividing the female average salary by the male average salary per employment level. It does
     not separately measure the gender pay gap in equivalent roles. Analysis includes permanent, fixed term, and casual colleagues and excludes contractors. Gender pay



                                                                                                                                                                                        Risk
     gaps for 2021 and 2022 reflect Workplace Gender Equality Agency (WGEA) published figures. Note at time of reporting WGEA figures were not published for 2023, these
     figures represent NAB calculated gender pay gaps following the WGEA methodology.
 (3) The inclusive workforce culture scores are based off responses to NAB's Heartbeat survey conducted in July 2023 (2023 score), August 2022 (2022 score) and July
     2021 (2021 score). The methodology was revised in 2022 to measure the differences on an inclusion score, based on a combined response to three questions: 1. 'I feel


                                                                                                                                                                                     management
     comfortable being myself at work'. 2. 'I am treated with respect and dignity' and 3. 'Regardless of background, everyone at our company has an equal opportunity to
     succeed'. The table represents the scores for specific historically under-represented groups, with comparisons to the related majority group within the workforce.
 (4) ubank did not participate in the demographic section of Heartbeat survey in 2023, therefore no ubank data is included in the inclusion scores that are reported for
     2023. ubank data is included in 2022 and 2021 inclusion scores.
 (5) Inclusion score is calculated using responses to questions in Heartbeat survey, with gender of respondents based on how this is recorded in SAP.
 (6) Colleagues who selected that they identify as a person with disability in the Heartbeat survey.
 (7) The methodology used in defining ethnic minority was altered this year, to take into account NAB’s growth in international colleagues. Ethnic minority and non-ethnic


                                                                                                                                                                                       Report of
     minority calculations only include colleagues from Australia, NZ, UK and US. The ethnic minority group is comprised of individuals whose ethnicity is considered to be
     an ethnic minority in those included regions. Colleagues based in other regions have not been included in the calculation this year, as identification of ethnic minority
     would be different in those regions



                                                                                                                                                                                     the Directors
 (8) Categories were expanded in 2022 to include asexual, homosexual, pansexual and non-binary or other genders. Other categories include lesbian, gay, bisexual,
     transgender, agender, bigender, another gender, intersex and different identity.
 (9) Colleagues who selected they spend time providing unpaid care, help, or assistance to family members or others with a disability (including children, adults or
     older adults).




                                                                                                                                                                                        Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                      Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                     information




                                                                                                                                                   2023 Annual Report          35
Colleagues (cont.)




Health, safety and wellbeing                                      •   Enhanced data analytics and insights to assist with
                                                                      identifying psychosocial hazards, assessing risks and
NAB recognises the importance of fostering a safe and
                                                                      measuring the effectiveness of controls.
healthy working environment where colleagues can thrive.
                                                                  •   Building leader capability through communications and
Hybrid and flexible working                                           campaigns, People Leader Fundamentals online program,
As a relationship-led bank, NAB has continued to support              webinars, and new tools to help manage workload and
colleagues to work in a hybrid manner where their role                wellbeing for teams.
permits, balancing the needs of our customers, colleagues         •   Establishment of a Psychosocial Risk Working Group to
and operations. As part of our hybrid working model, the              share insights and drive prevention initiatives.
majority of colleagues (excluding those in branches) have         •   Promotion of wellbeing resources available to colleagues
the option to work flexibly, with an expectation that they            under the banners of physical, mental, social and
work from a NAB location (such as a NAB office) a minimum             financial wellbeing.
of two days per week. NAB’s hybrid approach includes tools
and resources to support hybrid practices, in-person events,      NAB’s Heartbeat surveys have seen incremental
greater opportunities for face-to-face collaboration and          improvements in the wellbeing score during the year from
social connection. Ongoing review of feedback to address          74 in February 2023 to 77 as at the July 2023 survey and we
barriers to attending the office is in place to continuously      will continue to build on this through delivery of our wellbeing
improve the experience for colleagues.                            strategic framework.

While we scaled back our COVID-19 response in line with           Investing in People and Culture
changing Government requirements, colleagues who are
                                                                  information technology
unwell are still required to stay at home to prevent
transmission of illness. There has been a higher than usual       NAB is investing in world-class digital technology to make it
uptake in our annual flu vaccination program this year and        simpler and easier for colleagues. In 2023 NAB commenced the
absenteeism (measured as unscheduled absence day per FTE)         roll-out of a new global platform, with deployments to China,
has reduced from 9.2 days per FTE in 2022 to 7.8 in 2023(1).      Singapore, Japan and Hong Kong. More locations are planned
                                                                  in 2024, which will include transition to a fully managed payroll
We support flexible working as it has a wide range of             service for NAB’s larger regions. Implementation is expected
inclusion benefits and allows NAB to attract and retain the       to be completed in 2025, enabling the automation of core
best talent, including for colleagues with accessibility needs,   Human Resource processes and controls and more efficient
or those managing multiple responsibilities outside work.         People & Culture service delivery.
Colleagues can adopt other flexible working arrangements
including variable start/finish times, part-time hours and job-   Enterprise Agreement
sharing opportunities.
                                                                  The current Enterprise Agreement 2016 sets out the
Wellbeing program                                                 conditions of employment for NAB colleagues who work
                                                                  in Australia.
The Group has implemented a refreshed wellbeing strategic
framework in 2023 under the 'Right Culture' pillar of             A new Enterprise Agreement 2024 was supported by a majority
our Colleague Strategy. The three focus areas of the              of NAB colleagues. The new Enterprise Agreement 2024 was
framework include:                                                approved by the Fair Work Commission in September 2023
                                                                  and will commence in February 2024. The new Enterprise
•    Respond to health concerns.
                                                                  Agreement 2024 will only cover colleagues in Groups 1-6 who
•    Prevent harm.                                                are based in and working in Australia. The new Enterprise
•    Promote thriving.                                            Agreement aims to reward colleagues fairly, support them in
The focus has shifted towards initiatives that promote            important times of their lives and includes simplifications such
thriving, whilst continuing to support colleagues with their      as grandfathering of Rostered Days Off for existing colleagues
recovery and safe return to work following work or                and the removal of annual leave loading.
non-work-related injury or illness. This service remains          There are no significant changes to industrial arrangements in
a priority, delivered through our team of allied health           other jurisdictions.
professionals, which also includes assisting colleagues who
have experienced domestic and family violence, ensuring that      Payroll Remediation
they have access to leave and specialist support services.        The Payroll Review was established in January 2020 to
Counselling services remain available through our Employee        examine NAB’s compliance with obligations to colleagues
Assistance Program and are available to all colleagues,           relating to remuneration and other entitlements under
their families and NAB customers. Customer utilisation of         applicable law and NAB agreements. Within Australia, NAB has
this service has increased during the year, and we expect         finalised the investigation and remediation of the largest
to see this continue due to challenges in the external            and most complex issues. NAB has made total payments of
environment including cost of living pressures. NAB also          $154.7 million, including interest, to colleagues and has:
has a robust program in place to support colleagues and           •   Made significant investments in the ongoing operations
customers in managing the impacts of natural disasters                team, including strengthening our risk environment,
through counselling, leave options and emergency grants,              and associated controls and obligations relating to
where the need arises.                                                remuneration entitlements.
The introduction of an extra five days of leave, You Leave in     •   Continued to contact and pay former colleagues.
2023 has led to a greater uptake of annual and long service
leave this year.
The management of psychosocial risk continued to be an area
of focus, and we have strengthened our approach through:
    (1) Includes Australia-based colleagues only.


36      National Australia Bank
Climate change and environment
NAB's climate strategy is aligned to our strategic ambition - to serve customers well and help our
communities prosper. We acknowledge that climate change is a significant risk to the planet and a
major challenge for society to address. Beyond this risk, there is an immense economic opportunity
as the world transitions to a low-carbon future. We are working with customers as they decarbonise,                                        About

                                                                                                                                        this report
adapt and build resilience, while pursuing new climate opportunities for a prosperous future.

Climate strategy
NAB is seeking to act as a catalyst for climate action through the financing we provide and the insights we share with customers.
NAB is supporting customers to reduce their emissions and has set targets to align with pathways to net zero by 2050,
consistent with a maximum temperature rise of 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels by 2100. This approach is underpinned by core
                                                                                                                                        Our business
beliefs including:



                                                                                                                                           in 2023
      •   Climate transition can create growth for the economy.
      •   Management of climate transition is core to our business, not an adjacency.
      •   Our approach is relationship-led, supported by strong enabling capabilities.
      •   Sector decarbonisation targets should be science-based.




                                                                                                                                          Creating value
This section of the report provides a summary of activities and performance in 2023, guided by the Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations, with detailed TCFD aligned disclosures and an update on our Net Zero Banking
Alliance (NZBA) interim 2030 sector decarbonisation targets (decarbonisation targets), available in NAB's 2023 Climate Report,
available at nab.com.au/annualreports.


NAB's climate strategy is aligned to the Group’s strategic ambition to serve customers well and help communities prosper. The
appointment of our first Chief Climate Officer, in addition to an increased focus on banker climate training and colleagues’
climate capabilities, helps support NAB’s whole-of-bank approach to its climate strategy and to help achieve emissions
reduction consistent with a maximum temperature rise of 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels by 2100. Business Unit climate change
strategies are in place across Business and Private Banking, Personal Banking, Corporate and Institutional Banking and BNZ.             Corporate
                                                                                                                                       Governance
Our climate strategy also captures our operational emissions ambition, including emissions from our international offices where
applicable, in addition to the capability of our colleagues in supporting our customers through the transition. Our focus remains
on maximising economic benefits for customers and shareholders, to support customers as they decarbonise, adapt and build               Statement
resilience, while pursuing new climate opportunities and creating prosperity.

 NAB's strategic climate priorities


                                                                                                                                           Risk


                                                                                                                                        management




                                                                                                                                          Report of


                                                                                                                                        the Directors




                                                                                                                                           Financial report




  BNZ's climate strategy                                                                                                                 Additional

                                                                                                                                        information
  Given the country and economy-specific climate-related risks and opportunities for the BNZ, BNZ has its own climate
  strategy, is a member of the NZBA and is setting its own sector decarbonisation targets to meet its NZBA commitment.
  Refer to BNZ’s climate reporting at www.bnz.co.nz/about-us/sustainability for further details.



                                                                                                             2023 Annual Report   37
Climate change and environment (cont.)




Governance                                                                                 NAB's approach to climate change, including climate-related
                                                                                           risk management, is detailed in its 2023 Climate Report at
The Board retains oversight of ESG-related matters including
                                                                                           nab.com.au/annualreports.
climate-related risks and opportunities. ESG considerations
are integrated into business strategy, operations and
risk management.
                                                                                               2023 Climate Report
The Board is supported by the Board Risk & Compliance
                                                                                               The Group has publicly reported on climate-related
Committee (BRCC) which has accountability for oversight of
                                                                                               performance since 2003. Over the past two decades, the
the Group’s risk profile and risk management. This includes
                                                                                               Group has been maturing its management of climate-
ESG risk, within the context of Board determined risk appetite,
                                                                                               related risks and opportunities.
although ultimate responsibility for risk oversight, risk appetite
and risk management rests with the Board.                                                      The Group has been certified carbon neutral for its
                                                                                               Australian operations since 2010(1), aligned its climate-
The Group’s approach to sustainability governance is
                                                                                               related reporting to the recommendations of the
described in Sustainability in the Group’s strategy on page 22.
                                                                                               TCFD since October 2017 and joined the NZBA in
The Group’s overall approach to governance is outlined                                         December 2021.
in the Corporate Governance Statement section on page
                                                                                               Recognising the increasing level of demand for detailed
61. Specific information on ESG Risk-related governance is
                                                                                               disclosures on climate-related matters, this year NAB
provided in the ESG Risk Management section on page 61.
                                                                                               has prepared its second standalone Climate Report. The
In 2023, key climate-related matters presented to the                                          Climate Report details NAB's approach to climate change
Board included:                                                                                covering: governance, strategy, risk management and
•    The 2022 Climate Report and draft climate disclosures                                     metrics and targets. The Climate Report also includes
     for 2023.                                                                                 information about the methodologies we use.
•    Decarbonisation targets to meet NAB's NZBA commitment                                     NAB's 2023 Climate Report at nab.com.au/annualreports.
     and engagement plan to May 2024 in relation to further
     target setting proposed.
•    Risk appetite and related performance.                                                Metrics and targets
•    Updates on the Group’s environmental performance and                                  NAB has developed metrics and targets to track progress
     related regulatory reporting.                                                         against its climate strategy, and to measure and manage
                                                                                           its climate-related risks and opportunities. We have been
Risk management                                                                            focused on operational GHG emissions reductions since 2003.
ESG risks, including climate-related risks, are identified,                                Now, as a member of the NZBA, we are also setting targets
measured, monitored, reported and overseen in accordance                                   for financed emissions, and monitoring and reporting our
with the Group’s Risk Management Framework (RMF)(as                                        progress, as part of this commitment. In 2023, NAB set three
described in the Group’s Risk Management Strategy). Refer to                               sector decarbonisation targets (aluminium, iron and steel
the ESG Risk Management section (pages to 53 to 55) of this                                and aviation, a sub-sector of transport). This takes the
report for further information on ESG risk management and                                  total number of sector decarbonisation targets set to date
our ESG risk-related capability initiatives, including those for                           to seven. Sector decarbonisation targets were set in 2022
climate risk. Other climate risk focused initiatives undertaken                            for power generation, oil and gas, thermal coal mining and
in 2023 included:                                                                          cement. In setting these sector decarbonisation targets, NAB
                                                                                           has been informed by the UNEP FI Guidelines for Target Setting
•    Incorporating key learnings from participating in APRA’s
                                                                                           for Banks. NAB plans to set further sector decarbonisation
     Climate Vulnerability Assessment into a proof-of-concept
                                                                                           targets in May 2024. Detailed information about NAB‘s sector
     climate risk tool called 'HomeID' which provides access
                                                                                           decarbonisation targets is included in NAB’s 2023 Climate
     to a data asset for the home lending portfolio so NAB
                                                                                           Report available at nab.com.au/annualreports.
     and its customers can make more effective decisions in
     response to the potential physical risk impacts arising                               BNZ has separately joined the NZBA, and in May 2023
     from climate change. Further detail is provided in our 2023                           published its first set of sector decarbonisation targets in
     Climate Report.                                                                       line with the time frames set out by NZBA. BNZ's initial sector
                                                                                           decarbonisation targets were set for the coal mining, dairy,
•    Enhancing guidance for Corporate & Institutional Banking
                                                                                           power generation, and oil and gas sectors. BNZ selected
     colleagues on how to incorporate climate risk information
                                                                                           these sectors because of their emissions intensity, the
     into credit risk assessment and credit submission
                                                                                           relative availability of emissions data, and BNZ's lending
     documentation. Additionally, a program of work has
                                                                                           exposure to these sectors. During 2024, BNZ plans to publish
     been established to more deeply integrate climate risk
                                                                                           its sector decarbonisation targets for: sheep and beef;
     considerations into credit risk management processes.
                                                                                           aluminium; cement; commercial and residential real estate;
•    Integrating sector decarbonisation targets into NAB’s                                 iron and steel; and transport. Further details on BNZ's
     enterprise risk management tool - Governance Risk And                                 sector decarbonisation targets, target setting approach and
     Compliance Engine (GRACE).                                                            key assumptions are available in BNZ's Net Zero Banking
Board were briefed on, and approved, the second tranche                                    Alliance targets disclosure, available at: bnz.co.nz/about-us/
of sector decarbonisation targets (Aluminium, Iron & Steel                                 sustainability/environment-and-climate.
and Aviation).                                                                             The following section provides a high-level overview of
                                                                                           relevant operational environmental performance and targets,

    (1) Carbon neutral in operations refers to the process the Group follows to first avoid and reduce greenhouse gas emissions associated with its operational Scope 1, 2 and
        3 emissions (excluding financed emissions) and retiring carbon offsets for residual emissions. NAB's Australian operations were first certified carbon neutral on 1 July
        2010 under the National Carbon Offset Standard, now the Climate Active Carbon Neutral Standard for Organisations, NAB has a forward purchasing approach and forward
        purchased and retired offsets for the environmental reporting year (1 July 2010 to 30 June 2011) to be carbon neutral for 2011. BNZ has been a Toitū net carbonzero
        certified organisation since 2022. JBWere NZ has been a Toitū net carbonzero certified organisation since 2021.


38      National Australia Bank
Climate change and environment (cont.)




as well as regulatory reporting. NAB's detailed metrics and                            0.04 tCO2-e per metre squared of property space occupied by
targets relating to operational and financed emissions                                 the Group's London Branch. Further London Branch and Group
are disclosed in its 2023 Climate Report, available at                                 energy and GHG emissions data is provided in the Group's 2023
nab.com.au/annualreports.                                                              Climate Report (refer to page 60).                                                         About

                                                                                                                                                                               this report
Operational GHG emissions and relevant                                                 Operational energy efficiency
environmental regulatory reporting                                                     The Group continues to implement an energy efficiency
During the 2023 environmental reporting year, the Group’s total                        program, including energy efficiency opportunity assessments
market-based GHG emissions (Scope 1, 2 and 3(1)) were 64,566                           and sustainable building design. This helps to produce GHG
tCO2-e (2022: 60,829(2) tCO2-e), after accounting for use of                           emissions reductions and contributes to the delivery of the
certified renewable energy. The Group retired 64,566(3) offsets                        Group's climate change strategy and targets. From 1 July

                                                                                                                                                                               Our business
in 2023. These offsets are a mix of Australian Carbon Credit                           2006 to 30 June 2023, the Group has identified and recorded
Units and Verified Carbon Units. They are generated from                               a total of 1,327 energy efficiency and renewable energy

                                                                                                                                                                                  in 2023
projects which include Indigenous-led savannah burning and                             opportunities, primarily in Australia. A key focus of our program
renewable energy projects. NAB has purchased offsets only                              has been improving the energy efficiency and environmental
from domestic sources since 2020. Prior to 2020, offsets were                          performance of the major buildings we occupy. This has
purchased domestically and internationally and NAB retains a                           included moving into: (i) three new major commercial buildings
bank of these offset purchases. The Group is carbon neutral                            in Australia in 2022; and (ii) a newly refurbished and more
in operations. Its Australian operations are certified carbon                          energy efficient office building for our branch in the US in 2023.




                                                                                                                                                                                 Creating value
neutral by Climate Active and have been since 2010. In New                             As a result of our focus on major buildings and the purchase of
Zealand, BNZ has been a Toitū(4) net carbonzero certified                              renewable energy over the past few years, fewer other energy
organisation since 2022. JBWere NZ has been a Toitū net                                saving initiatives have been identified and implemented. A
carbonzero certified organisation since 2021.                                          focus on lighting and HVAC upgrades across our Australian
                                                                                       building portfolio including branches and business banking
National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act disclosures                               centres has continued and we plan to reassess outstanding
The Group’s operations are subject to the National                                     energy efficiency initiatives and refresh our pipeline of energy
Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007 (Cth) (NGER Act).                             efficiency opportunities in 2024.
This is part of Australia’s legislative response to climate                            In 2014, the Group’s United Kingdom-based operations became
change. The NGER Act requires the Group to report on the                               subject to the Energy Savings Opportunities Scheme (ESOS),                              Corporate
period from 1 July to 30 June (the environmental reporting
                                                                                                                                                                              Governance
                                                                                       introduced by the United Kingdom ESOS Regulations 2014.
year), therefore, all of the Group's energy and GHG emissions                          The ESOS requires mandatory energy assessments (audits) of
reporting is aligned to this reporting period.                                         organisation buildings and transport to be conducted every                              Statement
The Group’s Australian vehicle fleet and building-related                              four years. The Group's London Branch has completed its ESOS
net energy use reported under the NGER Act for the 2023                                energy efficiency assessment in 2023 as part of preparation
environmental reporting year was 327,609 gigajoules (GJ)                               for its ESOS submission. However, due to having moved our
(2022: 334,194 GJ), which is approximately 83% of the Group’s                          London office into a new energy efficient commercial building

                                                                                                                                                                                  Risk
measured total net energy use. The associated total GHG                                in 2019, only four small energy efficiency opportunities were
emissions from fuel combustion (Scope 1) and from electricity                          identified. The Group fulfilled its most recent ESOS obligation in
use (Scope 2) were 60,354 tCO2-e (2022: 71,035 tCO2-e).                                December 2019 and will resubmit as required by 5 June 2024.

Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting
                                                                                       Additional detail on the Group’s environmental and climate-                             management
                                                                                       related performance is provided in the 2023 Sustainability Data
The Group is voluntarily reporting data required for the                               Pack available at nab.com.au/annualreports and in the Group's
Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR) requirements                            2023 Climate Report, which contains information on the
which are implemented through the Companies (Directors’                                methodologies used by the Group to calculate GHG emissions.
Report) and Limited Liability Partnerships (Energy and Carbon
                                                                                                                                                                                 Report of
                                                                                       Further detail is also available on the Group website(7).
Report) Regulations 2018 (United Kingdom) in the Group's 2023
Climate Report. The Group's United Kingdom-based (London

                                                                                                                                                                               the Directors
Branch) energy use reported, and aligned to the SECR for
                        (5)




the 2023 environmental reporting year was 543,941 KWh (2022:
506,076 KWh). The associated total gross GHG emissions from
fuel combustion (Scope 1) and from electricity use(6)(Scope 2)
were 111 tCO2-e (2022: 97 tCO2-e). This equates to 218 KWh and




                                                                                                                                                                                  Financial report
 (1) Scope 1 GHG emissions are direct emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by an organisation including on-site fossil fuel combustion and vehicle fleet
     fuel consumption. Scope 2 emissions are indirect emissions from purchased electricity. Scope 3 emissions relate to all other indirect emissions that occur outside the
     boundary of the organisation as a result of the activities of the organisation. However, the Group’s Scope 3 emissions reported here are operationally-related and do
     not include Scope 3 emissions associated with the Group’s financing activities. The Group commenced reporting on Scope 3 attributable financed emissions in 2021.
     Attributable financed emissions are not included in the Group’s carbon neutral position.
 (2) In 2023, the Group has selected a market-based approach as its primary electricity accounting method, having previously used a location-based methodology. The
     Group has retired offsets to achieve its carbon neutrality based on its market-based position. The Group has also changed its methodology for calculating market-
     based emissions to more closely align with the Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water (DCCEEW) in its Australian National Greenhouse
     Accounts Factors August 2023 manual. The Group has restated its 2022 market based emissions number from 77,236 to 60,829 tCO2-e.
 (3) BNZ’s 2022 emissions were restated to reflect minor changes. BNZ's Scope 2 emissions increased by 147 tCO2-e and Scope 3 emissions increased by 41 tCO2-e to
     account for a change in the electricity emissions factor due to MfE’s August 2022 release of ‘Measuring emissions: A guide for organisations: 2022 summary of emission


                                                                                                                                                                                Additional
     factors’ and improved accuracy of water data in 2023 following release of 2022 accruals. The net change in total BNZ GHG emissions after accounting for renewable
     energy is 76 tCO2-e. The total offsets retired for 2023 include an additional 76 offsets to account for restatement of the 2022 BNZ emissions figure.
 (4) Toitū Envirocare is the wholly-owned subsidiary of Manaaki Whenua – Landcare Research, a New Zealand Government-owned Crown Research Institute. They provide


                                                                                                                                                                               information
     Toitū carbonreduce, Toitū net carbonzero and Toitū enviromark programmes and certifications for businesses in New Zealand and many countries globally.
 (5) The Group's energy use and GHG emissions reported voluntarily in alignment with SECR requirements are associated with building-related gas and electricity use only.
     The Group does not have a vehicle fleet associated with its United Kingdom operations.
 (6) 100% of the Group's United Kingdom-based (London Branch) electricity is renewable electricity.
 (7) Refer to 'How we calculate our carbon emissions' on nab.com.au/about-us/social-impact/environment/climate-change.


                                                                                                                                               2023 Annual Report       39
Climate change and environment (cont.)




Biodiversity and natural capital                                                       Progressing towards the recommendations of
Biodiversity and natural capital play a critical role in
                                                                                       the Taskforce on Nature-related Financial
underpinning wellbeing and economic activity. NAB has
                                                                                       Disclosures (TNFD)
further progressed its understanding and management of                                 NAB recognises the benefits of standardised disclosure
nature-related risks and opportunities building on work that                           guidance in helping to identify, manage and report against
started in 2011 with NAB contributing to the development                               nature- related risks and opportunities and welcomes the
of, and becoming an inaugural signatory to, the Natural                                release of TNFD recommendations in September 2023.
Capital Declaration.                                                                   NAB's participation in the TNFD forum has informed the
                                                                                       development of its approach. Key activities in 2023 included:
Supporting customers with nature-related risks
and opportunities                                                                      •   Pilot testing of TNFD LEAP(1) process using freshwater as a
                                                                                           case study and drawing on the beta version of the TNFD
NAB is supporting customers as they respond to the
                                                                                           framework. A summary of the lessons learned appears
opportunities and risks which result from their impacts and
                                                                                           below. The pilot was managed by UNEP FI, and the full
dependencies on nature.
                                                                                           findings are available at www.unep.org.
Providing products to support customers                                                •   Contributing to the Australian Banking Association’s (ABA)
•    NAB Agri Green Loan. In November 2022, NAB launched its                               feedback on the TNFD. Feedback drew on implementation
     Agri Green Loan proposition. This loan helps agribusiness                             challenges identified through the UNEP FI pilot process.
     customers to invest in eligible on-farm practices and                             •   Participating in a UNEP FI project designed to support
     projects such as solar, bioenergy, establishing trees or                              financial institutions in understanding the role of nature
     increasing ground cover and crop or pasture diversity,                                scenarios (a similar concept to climate scenarios). Such
     improving soil and water conservation and building drought                            scenarios can help decision-makers by establishing an
     resilience. This product can support customers seeking                                agreed definition of the future status of nature e.g. how
     to manage nature-related impacts (e.g. water use) and                                 might soil quality change and what risks and opportunities
     dependencies (e.g. soil quality).                                                     may arise for the productivity of agribusinesses as a result.
•    Business finance for green equipment. This product                                •   Taking part in the Australian Government’s TNFD education
     can support on-farm emission reductions. This includes                                and awareness raising program.
     equipment such as energy efficient tractors; best-in-class
     combine, cotton and sugar cane harvesters; and energy
     efficient irrigation. This product can support customers                              Lessons from the UNEP FI pilot
     seeking to manage nature-related impacts, such as                                     NAB's participation in the pilot has supported
     GHG emissions.                                                                        identification of key challenges associated with the
                                                                                           TNFD recommendations. These include:
Partnerships to provide useful insights for customers
                                                                                           1. Technical aspects of the guidance. For example,
•    Farming for the Future. This industry-led program seeks to
                                                                                              the LEAP process is presented as a linear process,
     help farmers make informed decisions about sustainable
                                                                                              however, an iterative process that draws on new
     long-term management of natural assets to optimise
                                                                                              information as it becomes available would help
     production, build resilience and reduce risks. NAB is
                                                                                              reduce the potential for a given decision or
     providing opportunities for customers to be involved in
                                                                                              assumption to result in compounding errors.
     the program.
                                                                                           2. Availability and accessibility of data and tools
•    Climateworks Centre, Natural Capital Investment
                                                                                              to support the assessment. Many tools used
     Initiative. In 2023, NAB supported the continued
                                                                                              during the pilot are global in nature and do not
     development of the Natural Capital Measurement
                                                                                              always fully represent Australian conditions. This
     Catalogue project, which included the launch of an
                                                                                              may lead to inaccuracies in assessed impacts and
     open-access web-based interface where users can
                                                                                              dependencies. LEAP also assumes that financial
     select metrics and methods for the measurement of
                                                                                              institutions have access to customer data that is
     natural capital assets, flows of services or benefits, and
                                                                                              not currently collected, e.g. water consumption and
     organisational impacts or dependencies on nature.
                                                                                              efficiency measures.
•    Greening Australia / World Wide Fund for Nature-Australia
                                                                                           3. Organisational capacity. Using the LEAP process
     (WWF). The NAB Foundation is supporting primary research
                                                                                              requires familiarity with a broad range of
     by Greening Australia and WWF on the efficacy of nature-
                                                                                              environmental issues and analytical skills and
     based solutions for enhancing environmental resilience to
                                                                                              systems which support geospatial data analysis.
     fire through configuration of vegetation. This multi-year
                                                                                              Many businesses, including banks, do not currently
     project is moving to implementation phase which includes
                                                                                              have this capability. Furthermore, time will be required
     establishing a demonstration site.
                                                                                              to develop the capacity of assurance providers, who
For more information, refer to the Community Investment                                       will be required to support the implementation and
section of this report (page 47).                                                             preparation of nature-related disclosures.




    (1) The LEAP process encompasses: Locate interface with nature. Evaluate dependencies and impacts. Assess material risks and opportunities. Prepare to respond
        and report.


40      National Australia Bank
Climate change and environment (cont.)




Assessing nature-related impacts and dependencies
The LEAP guidance suggests that organisations evaluate their material nature-related impacts and dependencies to understand

                                                                                                                                                         About
where risks and opportunities may arise. During 2023, NAB undertook a preliminary assessment of its nature-related impacts and
dependencies. A summary of the results of this assessment is provided in Figure 3.

 Defining nature-related impacts, dependencies, risks and opportunities                                                                               this report
 The TNFD draws on the following definitions with respect to nature:
 Impacts. Changes in the state of nature (quality or quantity), which may result in changes to the capacity of nature to provide social and
 economic functions. Impacts can be positive or negative. They can be the result of an organisation’s or another party’s actions and can
 be direct, indirect or cumulative.


                                                                                                                                                      Our business
 Dependencies. Dependencies are aspects of environmental assets and ecosystem services that a person or an organization relies
 on to function. A company’s business model, for example, may be dependent on the ecosystem services of water flow, water quality
 regulation and the regulation of hazards like fires and floods; provision of suitable habitat for pollinators, who in turn provide a service
 directly to economies; and carbon sequestration.

                                                                                                                                                         in 2023
 Risks. Potential threats (effects of uncertainty) posed to an organisation that arise from its and wider society’s dependencies and
 impacts on nature.
 Opportunities. Activities that create positive outcomes for organisations and nature by creating positive impacts on nature or mitigating
 negative impacts on nature. Nature-related opportunities are generated through impacts and dependencies on nature.
 Source: TNFD glossary (Version 1.0, September 2023)




                                                                                                                                                        Creating value
The analysis identified that the most material customer-related impacts on nature are associated with the agriculture,
construction, manufacturing, mining, energy and utilities industries, and transport and storage. The highest impacts on nature
across the portfolio relate to land and water use, GHG emissions and waste production.
The industries that were found to have the most material dependencies on nature were: agriculture, fishing, forestry, energy and
utilities. The preliminary analysis identified that the key dependencies customers have on nature-related matters are: climate
regulation, fibres and other materials, flood and storm protection, access to ground and surface water.
The assessment draws on the global Exploring Natural Capital Opportunities, Risks and Exposure (ENCORE) tool developed by the
UNEP World Conservation and Monitoring Centre. A number of adjustments were required to better reflect the Australian and NAB
context. Owing to these adjustments, NAB will continue to refine its assessment. The finalised assessment will contribute to the                      Corporate
TNFD roadmap the Group is developing.                                                                                                                Governance
 Figure 3: Preliminary assessment of NAB's lending portfolio and nature-related impact and dependency areas                                           Statement




                                                                                                                                                         Risk


                                                                                                                                                      management




                                                                                                                                                        Report of


                                                                                                                                                      the Directors




                                                                                                                                                         Financial report
    Notes: The ENCORE tool assesses impacts and dependencies across 11 sectors, 138 sub-industries and 86 processes. These
    categories were manually aligned to sectoral/industry groupings used by NAB. For some areas, it was not possible to achieve
    complete alignment, resulting in the following portfolio areas being excluded from the assessment: personal lending, residential
    mortgages, commercial property, and government. To gain greater insights, some industry groupings were disaggregated,
    e.g. agriculture, fishing, forestry and mining were assessed as separate categories. Within the tool, 11 aspects of natural
    capital impact are considered, including non-GHG air pollution, solid waste, water pollutants and water use. For dependencies,
    29 aspects are considered, including animal-based resources, plant-based resources, flood protection, and pollination.
    These impacts and dependencies were reviewed with reference to NAB’s industry categories and with respect to common
    Australian production processes. The assessment has been undertaken from the perspective of the primary industry of

                                                                                                                                                       Additional
    impact or dependency. For example, 'Telecommunication' considers the operation of telecommunication businesses, whereas
    ‘construction’ considers the impact of telecommunication-related construction activities.


                                                                                                                                                      information




                                                                                                                          2023 Annual Report    41
Climate change and environment (cont.)




Managing nature-related risk                                        Increasing capability
Sustainability Risk, which includes biodiversity and other          Building on the UNEP FI pilot findings, NAB is developing
nature-related risks, is one of the Group's material risk           capability to more accurately geo-locate agricultural
categories, managed through the Group's Risk Management             customers assets through its FarmID database (under
Strategy and Framework (further information about NAB's             development). While initially intended to support the
ESG risk management is provided on page 88 of the Risk              identification of exposure to climate-related hazards, the
Management section of this report).                                 analytical infrastructure will provide the foundation for
Nature-related risks considered within the Group's ESG risk         understanding a range of nature-related risks in the future.
assessment processes include those related to:
                                                                    External engagement activities
•    Forests.
                                                                    During 2023, NAB participated in the following external
•    Water.                                                         engagement activities:
•    Biodiversity.                                                  •   Consultation on the agenda for the Australian
We regularly update and improve how we incorporate                      Government's Global Nature Positive Summit to be held in
environmental risk into our risk management framework,                  Sydney in 2024.
policies and processes in response to changes in technology,        •   The Australian Sustainable Finance Institute’s (ASFI) Natural
regulation, voluntary initiatives and societal expectations.            Capital Advisory Group (NCAG) for the ‘Valuing Natural
                                                                        Capital’ partnership. NCAG comprises representatives from
Managing deforestation risk                                             financial institutions and seeks to inform the development
Deforestation and other forms of land clearing can be                   of nature-related metrics and enabling tools that will
a key threat to biodiversity. The Group is aware of                     allow the integration of nature considerations into
increasing concern about the impact of legal deforestation              financial decision-making.
on biodiversity loss and is engaging with stakeholders to           •   The Science-based Targets for Nature Regional Strategy
understand the different perspectives and to determine how              Working Group (Australia and New Zealand/Aotearoa). This
it may be best placed to respond.                                       group of industry, peak-body membership associations and
The Group takes allegations of illegal land clearing by its             professional-services firms aims to establish a framework
customers very seriously. If we become aware that customers             to help businesses better understand and pilot nature-
are engaged in, or alleged to be involved in, illegal land              based disclosure frameworks and reporting, especially
clearing, the Group reviews the matter and takes action, as             regarding science-based targets.
appropriate, in line with risk appetite and the Group's ESG,
Credit and Financial Crime policies and processes.
This may involve supporting customers as they undertake                 Quick link
remediation. Where issues are material, or systemic, or                 nab.com.au/about-us/sustainability/
are not remediated, the Group may consider exiting the                  environment/natural-capacity-resource-management
customer relationship.
The Group aims to identify and manage the risk of illegal
land clearing, and understand the impacts associated
with land clearing on biodiversity and ecosystems, where
appropriate, through its existing credit risk assessment and
due diligence processes.
If potential ESG risk issues are identified as part of risk-based
screening, or bankers identify a customer's involvement in
high-risk sectors or activities, then customers are subject
to more detailed ESG risk assessment and due diligence in
accordance with exposure-related trigger thresholds. See
page 53 for detail on how ESG issues, including those
related to land clearing, are included within NAB’s credit risk
assessment and due diligence processes.




42     National Australia Bank
Technology, data and security
Why it matters
Delivering exceptional customer and colleague experiences is underpinned by resilient and safe technology, that is simple and

                                                                                                                                                      About
easy to use.
What NAB is doing

                                                                                                                                                   this report
    NAB's technology strategy, data security and privacy management

NAB continues building a sophisticated security function to protect our business, our customers, and the community from
evolving cyber security threats.


                                                                                                                                                   Our business
During 2022 NAB refreshed its technology strategy for the next five years. Building on our cloud first foundations established in
prior years the strategy aims to deliver improved technology driven customer and colleague outcomes, while also:
•    Further building resilience, ensuring our services are              •   Simplifying and strengthening our technology estate and

                                                                                                                                                      in 2023
     always on.                                                              reducing complexity.
•    Reducing technology and cyber related risk to better                •   Protecting customer data and ensuring it is
     protect NAB and our customers.                                          used appropriately.

In addition, this section will cover how NAB is continuing to enhance its ability to deter, detect, disrupt and prevent




                                                                                                                                                     Creating value
financial crime.


Eight focus areas underpin our technology strategy:

                    Focus areas


                    Digital first
                    Customers and colleagues expect to interact in real time, and with the latest personalised functionality regardless of
                                                                                                                                                   Corporate
                    the channel they use.


                                                                                                                                                  Governance
                    Simplify & automate                                                                                                            Statement
                    Reduce complexity in technology, and improve NAB's ability to react quickly to change.




                                                                                                                                                      Risk
                    Data like electricity
                    Data creates insights and actions to improve customer interactions, with customers demanding more
                    personalised experiences.

                                                                                                                                                   management
                    Secure by design
                    NAB must be proactive and strengthen our defences to keep the Bank and customers safe.




                    Platform mindset                                                                                                                 Report of


                                                                                                                                                   the Directors
                    NAB must modernise our technology to be simpler, modular, and more resilient that removes duplication and caters
                    for business needs.



                    Expert engineering




                                                                                                                                                      Financial report
                    Quality technology delivery requires strong, capable and highly efficient engineers supported by appropriate tooling
                    and processes.



                    Delivery excellence
                    Removing the impediments and inconsistencies in the way NAB delivers technology change, which impacts speed,
                    cost, and quality of outcomes.



                    Best technology colleagues
                    To deliver on the strategy, NAB must attract, retain and develop top technology talent in a highly competitive                  Additional
                    talent market.

                                                                                                                                                   information




                                                                                                                        2023 Annual Report   43
Technology, data and security (cont.)




Resilient, safe and simple services                                   Simple
Building on our cloud foundations established in prior years,         A key element of our technology strategy is the consolidation
our technology strategy has delivered significant customer            of legacy technology applications onto standardised
and colleague improvements, while continuing to improve the           enterprise platforms. Over time, this will both simplify our
resilience of our services, and keeping our customers and             operating environment and provide modern services which
NAB safe in an environment of ever-escalating fraud, scams            are more fit for purpose.
and cyber threats. In addition, we continue to simplify and           •   Modernising key business applications: In 2023 NAB
modernise our environment, to improve the services and                    completed the modernisation of two legacy core
experiences we deliver to our customers and colleagues. Key               banking applications.
outcomes in 2023 include:                                                 – Migration of ubank customers to a modern platform,
                                                                            improving the banking experience, and decommissioning
Resilient
                                                                            the legacy.
•    Cloud migration: Migrating applications to cloud based
                                                                          – Migration of our Trade Finance business to a new
     services has been key to improving technology service
                                                                            platform, with involves less manual processing and
     resilience. Building on progress in recent years, 77% of
                                                                            enables better compliance.
     applications have been migrated and we are on track to
     meet our target of 83% in 2024.                                  •   Simple technology for colleagues: In addition, NAB has
                                                                          made it simpler for our bankers by completing:
•    Reducing incidents: NAB achieved a 17% year-on-year
                                                                          – Migration of ~3,000 additional bankers to an enterprise
     reduction in critical and high impacting incidents, with
                                                                             customer relationship management platform (now ~70%
     critical and high incidents down 83% since 2018, driven by
                                                                             complete overall), providing bankers with world-class
     cloud migration and service improvements.
                                                                             tools to service customers.
•    Service availability: In 2023, the average availability of our
                                                                          – Migration of all bankers to a Cloud-based call centre
     top 47 critical services was 99.89%, ensuring customers
                                                                            platform with AI powered call routing, providing greater
     could access our systems when they need. For several
                                                                            flexibility in managing customer calls.
     critical services, NAB is ranked number one in six of seven
     Retail Payments Service Reliability categories (of the Big       •   These examples represent some of decommissioning
     four), based on analysis of disclosures provided to the              outcomes delivered during 2023, which saw NAB
     Reserve Bank of Australia since Q3 2021.                             decommission 13% legacy applications.

Safe
•    Cyber and Tech Risk investment: To combat increasing
     cyber threats, NAB has invested significantly in cyber
     security and technology risk reduction over 3 years.
•    Cyber capability: In 2023 we achieved our target National
     Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cyber security
     capability maturity level (across people, process, and
     technology). The National Institute of Standards and
     Technology (US Government) Cyber Security framework
     helps businesses understand, manage and reduce cyber
     security risks. This improvement has seen our time to
     contain cyber threats reduce by 51% since 2019.
•    Intelligence information sharing: To improve cyber defence
     effectiveness NAB has continued to collaborate with
     various Federal agencies to share information and adjust
     our response to organised cyber activity. Further detail is
     provided in the Investing in Security section.
•    New protection for Customers: To further protect
     customers, several new features have been implemented
     during 2023. This includes new customer phishing and
     scam protections, including the removal of links in
     SMS and emails, contributing to a reduction in scam
     payments. In addition, NAB has recently announced our
     participation in an industry digital identity verification
     service (Connect ID), which helps customers securely share
     their identity information.




44     National Australia Bank
Technology, data and security (cont.)




Privacy management and data ethics
NAB’s transparent, compliant, and ethical collection and use        Building customer capability

                                                                                                                                        About
of data is key for earning trust with colleagues and customers.     NAB is helping customers and communities become
                                                                    more secure by delivering customer cyber security
Protecting customer and colleague privacy
                                                                                                                                     this report
                                                                    and fraud detection sessions to more than 6,000
NAB's customers rely on us to protect their personal                people across Australia in 2023. These sessions provide
information, and to ensure their interests are protected in         customers and community members with information
the use of the data. NAB has a specialist Global Privacy Office,    on the current cyber and fraud threat landscape,
which establishes data protection and use principles, to make       and provide practical advice on how they can
sure colleagues are aware of their responsibilities. These          protect themselves.


                                                                                                                                     Our business
responsibilities are embedded into the way NAB works, and           For more information on these sessions, additional
support transparent, fair and compliant use and sharing of          resources including NAB Security’s security podcast and
personal information of our customers and colleagues.               advice on identifying and responding to scams and

                                                                                                                                        in 2023
NAB's Data Ethics Framework goes beyond legal compliance,           frauds, refer to nab.com.au/security.
to consider not if NAB can use data (legally or otherwise),
but whether we should. NAB’s Data Ethics Principles set out
how we should responsibly use data and guides how data is
used in analytics, machine learning, artificial intelligence (AI)




                                                                                                                                       Creating value
and sharing with third parties. These Data Ethics Principles are
brought to life through a Data Ethics assessment process. By
ensuring the responsible and sustainable use of data, NAB can
make better decisions.
Data collection, storage, retention and destruction within
NAB is governed by the NAB Records Management Policy
Standard. The Standard is supported by a series of
Record Retention Schedules which ensure compliance in
recordkeeping obligations across all regions.
                                                                                                                                     Corporate
Investing in security
NAB continues to build a sophisticated security function to                                                                         Governance
protect our business, our customers, and the community from                                                                          Statement
evolving cyber security threats.
Cyber security is recognised as one of NAB’s key risks, and
is closely monitored with regular updates on the threat
landscape, security strategy, capability, incidents, issues and

                                                                                                                                        Risk
progress on risk reduction and performance metrics.
NAB has made progress on our refreshed security strategy,

                                                                                                                                     management
to strengthen our security foundations and has significantly
improved security capability aligned to the National Institute
of Standards and Technology's (NIST) Cyber Security
Framework (CSF). External firms independently review and test
this security capability.
Having world-class security talent is critical. In 2023 our

                                                                                                                                       Report of
security colleagues participated in specialist training and/or
certification from global security providers.


                                                                                                                                     the Directors
NAB has expanded our security workforce across multiple
regions globally, extending coverage and capability around
the clock.
NAB is focused on a collaborative approach to drive national
outcomes that protect businesses and individuals from cyber-




                                                                                                                                        Financial report
enabled crime. As part of this approach NAB is partnering with
Security Centres, agencies and research groups.
NAB has strengthened and uplifted its governance
frameworks, associated reporting and forums. This has
enabled NAB to improve visibility, oversight, consistency in
security posture, capability maturity, and achieve broader
business benefits across NAB.




                                                                                                                                      Additional

                                                                                                                                     information




                                                                                                          2023 Annual Report   45
Technology, data and security (cont.)




Financial crime
Financial crime has a devastating impact on NAB’s customers        Scams and fraud
and community. NAB has zero tolerance for criminal activity        Increasingly sophisticated use of scams and technology
and remains dedicated to effectively managing financial crime      to target customers and the financial system requires
risk and keeping customers, communities, and the financial         an ever-evolving approach to fighting financial crime.
system safe.                                                       The fight against these crimes has been a focus for NAB
NAB plays an important role in the monitoring and                  this year, and through the execution of the multi-year
reporting of suspicious activity and complies with anti-           Scams Strategy launched last year, NAB has:
bribery and corruption, economic and trade sanctions, and          •   Delivered a number of initiatives throughout the year
AML/CTF regulations.                                                   to combat scams and fraud.
Delivering the agreed plan for the AUSTRAC EU, entered             •   Deployed behavioural technologies to identify scams
into in April 2022 to address AUSTRAC’s concerns with NAB’s            and fraud, alongside assistive tools like SMS
compliance with certain AML and CTF requirements remains a             messaging to engage customers who might be
key priority. Refer to Risk management section on page 86 for          at risk.
further detail.
                                                                   •   Continued to educate customers and the community
In addition to addressing regulatory commitments and                   on how to identify scams and to raise awareness of
remediating issues, we continue to make significant                    the financial and emotional impact they cause.
enhancements to our ability to deter, detect, disrupt and
prevent financial crime. This year NAB has:
•    Invested in colleagues, data and technology systems to
     enhance controls, monitoring and risk assessment models       Quick link
     to strengthen the management of financial crime risk.         For more information on how NAB
•    Enhanced its AML/CTF Program and preventative and             protects itself and our customers against
     detective controls (beyond the requirements of the EU) to     financial crime, visit nab.com.au/about-us/corporate-
     better mitigate current and emerging financial crime risks.   governance/managing-financial-crime
•    Developed our financial intelligence-led capabilities to
     enhance identification of emerging financial crime risks
     and minimise the threat posed by criminal exploitation of
     NAB’s products and services.
•    Safely and securely utilised machine learning and AI to
     reduce manual handling and improve the accuracy and
     pace of detecting and preventing financial crime threats.
•    Provided financial crime training to colleagues and the
     Executive Leadership team to support them in their role
     to mitigate the risk of financial crime at NAB, including
     on money laundering / terrorism financing, bribery and
     corruption, sanctions, and scams and fraud.
The past 18 months of sanctions, export, and import controls
have been unprecedented in their scope, complexity, and
impact. Enforcement by global sanctions regulators remains
significant, with USD 1 billion in penalties issued globally in
financial year 2023. To ensure compliance NAB has continued
to improve its Sanctions Compliance Program, including
implementing a new trade screening program and enhancing
our controls for the identification and monitoring of high
sanctions risk customers.
NAB also plays a crucial role by collaborating with law
enforcement, alliances and Government agencies in Australia
to combat financial crimes impacting our community,
colleagues and customers. This helps NAB identify, investigate
and/or disrupt money laundering, fraud, national security, drug
trafficking and human impact crimes, which have detrimental
impacts to our society.
NAB continues to execute the financial crime strategy which
was launched in 2022. While NAB is making good progress, the
nature of the threat and risk it presents requires ongoing
vigilance and pursuit of best practice in all that NAB does.




46     National Australia Bank
Helping our communities prosper
Community investment
                                                                                            NAB Foundation

                                                                                                                                                                                  About
NAB's community investment is centred on supporting people                                  NAB Foundation is a registered charity that uses
and organisations that help our communities prosper.                                        philanthropy, social investment and in-kind support to

                                                                                                                                                                               this report
NAB’s reporting of community investment is guided by the                                    fund social and environmental progress in Australian
Business for Societal Impact (B4SI) Community Investment                                    communities served by NAB. By funding the people
Framework(1). This includes money, time through volunteering                                and communities who make a real difference, the NAB
and NAB also reports forgone revenue from products and                                      Foundation aims to help tackle social and environmental
services provided for community benefit.                                                    challenges relevant to NAB, natural disasters, climate
                                                                                            transition, indigenous economic advancement and
Key contributions to NAB's community investment included:

                                                                                                                                                                               Our business
                                                                                            affordable housing.
•    Skilled volunteering projects for not-for-profits in
     partnership with Australian Business Volunteers and Jawun.                             Partnerships

                                                                                                                                                                                  in 2023
•    Disaster relief grants to support customers and colleagues                             NAB Foundation funds a number of community
     impacted by natural disasters.                                                         organisations investing in disaster resilience through
                                                                                            NAB's flagship program, NAB Ready Together.
•    Revenue foregone through the provision of no-interest
     capital and products as part of NAB's 20-year partnership
                                                                                            Providing grants
     with Good Shepherd.




                                                                                                                                                                                 Creating value
                                                                                            The NAB Foundation Community Grants program funds
•    Donations to NAB Foundation to significantly increase
                                                                                            local community ideas and projects to prepare for and
     its size and scope. The NAB Foundation corpus has
                                                                                            recover from disasters Australia-wide.
     grown to $110 million in 2023, more than triple its size
     compared with 2021. This investment has permanently                                    NAB Foundation's Environmental Resilience Fund
     increased NAB Foundation’s capacity to provide long-                                   supports practical projects that build environmental
     term stable funding for programs and partnerships with                                 resilience to disasters and climate change.
     community organisations.                                                               For more information on NAB Foundation's Community
                                                                                            Grants program and Environmental Resilience Fund, refer
Volunteering                                                                                to the NAB Ready Together section on page 48.
As a workforce of more than 38,000 colleagues, we can                                                                                                                          Corporate
have significant impact as volunteers in the community. Every                               Donations
NAB colleague has at least 16 hours each year available                                     NAB Foundation provided support for Australians for
                                                                                                                                                                              Governance
to volunteer their time and talents to support communities                                  Indigenous Constitutional Recognition (AICR) and the                               Statement
via general volunteering, skilled volunteering and supported                                Uluru Dialogue. In support of housing and homelessness,
longer-term secondment program partnerships.                                                NAB Foundation donated to the Salvation Army’s
While volunteering take-up remains below pre COVID-19 levels,                               Red Shield Appeal, Melbourne City Mission and other
NAB has seen a 90% increase in hours year on year, largely                                  organisations focused on humanitarian initiatives

                                                                                                                                                                                  Risk
driven by an increase in volunteer opportunities available with                             across Australia.
NAB community partners including The Salvation Army, Save
                                                                                            Investments
the Children, Disaster Relief Australia and Girls on Fire.

                                                                                                                                                                               management
                                                                                            NAB Foundation uses impact investment to generate
NAB Neighbourhood
                                                                                            social and environmental impact. In 2023, NAB
NAB Neighbourhood is NAB's platform to engage colleagues
                                                                                            Foundation invested in seven impact investment funds,
and community organisations in philanthropic initiatives.
                                                                                            representing up to 10% of its portfolio. NAB Foundation
Colleagues can participate in volunteering, giving, fundraising
                                                                                            invests all corpus assets with a socially responsible
and granting activities to support causes they care about.
                                                                                            investment position.

Chart 3: Group community investment ($m)                                                                                                                                         Report of


                                                                                                                                                                               the Directors
100

                                                                        79.2

                                           64.6

             51.2




                                                                                                                                                                                  Financial report
    50                      42.8                         45.7




     0
             2019           2020           2021          2022           2023




                                                                                                                                                                                Additional

                                                                                                                                                                               information
    (1) Corporate Community Investment, defined broadly as businesses’ voluntary engagement with charitable organisations or activities that extends beyond their core
        business activities. Learn more at https://b4si.net/framework/community-investment/


                                                                                                                                               2023 Annual Report        47
Helping our communities prosper (cont.)




NAB Ready Together                                                  Helping communities to build their resilience and
                                                                    recover from natural disasters
With Australians continuing to face natural                         The NAB Foundation Community Grants program offers grants
disasters, there is a growing need for ongoing                      to local community-led projects for disaster readiness and
                                                                    recovery across Australia. It aims to award a total of $1 million
community support and innovation. NAB will
                                                                    annually in grants of up to $10,000 each, with an additional
help by supporting our customers and their                          $200,000 available for up to eight projects that demonstrate
communities to withstand and recover from                           potential to scale impact.
natural disasters.                                                  In calendar year 2023, NAB Foundation awarded community
                                                                    grants to more than 100 organisations totalling $1.2 million.
Going above and beyond for NAB customers from                       Initiatives focused on education, training, emergency systems,
disaster to recovery                                                preparedness plans, mental health support, infrastructure,
Over the past year, communities across Australia were               equipment, community cohesion, and wildlife and natural
impacted by natural disasters including floods and cyclones.        environment rehabilitation.
NAB provided $557,000 in disaster relief grants to customers
and colleagues impacted by floods in NSW, VIC, TAS, SA, WA
and NT.                                                                "I felt an obligation to help out"
Additional support is available. For more information on how           When floods hit Brisbane in 2011, NAB’s Ilyas Livanes was
NAB supports customers with financial hardship assistance,             part of the 'Mud Army' who volunteered to help with the
see page 26.                                                           clean up.
                                                                       “I’m a born and bred Brisbanite and I felt like the city and
Partnering to support Australia's disaster
                                                                       its people were hurting,” he said.
relief volunteers
                                                                       “I had water up to my front door, but it didn’t matter. I just
It takes many hands to get communities back up and running
                                                                       wanted to help.”
after a disaster. That is why NAB and the NAB Foundation
partner with disaster relief organisations to help communities         In the floods of 2022, Ilyas was there again, alongside
recover faster.                                                        a group of volunteer veterans, emergency services
                                                                       personnel and civilians from DRA.
In 2023 NAB Foundation announced a flagship partnership,
providing $1 million in funding to help Disaster Relief Australia      “I saw the ingenuity of the people helping and how well
(DRA) bolster its community and corporate volunteer capacity           the organisation behind it was working,” Ilyas said.
over the next two years. The partnership will assist DRA to            This inspired other NAB colleagues to use their volunteer
recruit and manage more than 3,000 community members on                leave to support communities impacted by flooding
stand-by to volunteer.                                                 across Victoria and South Australia towards the end of
In addition, we are:                                                   2022 and beginning of 2023.
•    Working with Girls on Fire to expand its fire and resilience      NAB Foundation partners with DRA to help it build
     programs across Australia to improve gender diversity and         community and corporate volunteer capacity to support
     inclusion in the emergency services sector.                       communities to recover.
•    Supporting QLD Rural Fire Service to develop and                  For Ilyas, this is a great opportunity for NAB colleagues to
     deliver an Indigenous traditional burning training program,       use their volunteer leave to support the DRA’s efforts.
     teaching participants about traditional fire and land             “It makes me feel good…In our privileged position where
     management practices to reduce disaster risk and                  NAB colleagues get that volunteer leave every year, as
     improve preparedness.                                             long as we have the appetite to continue to use it, it’s a
NAB colleagues are encouraged to support communities                   step in the right direction.”
impacted by disasters. NAB provides unlimited crisis leave
to colleagues who volunteer with emergency services along
with access to two days of general volunteering and disaster
preparedness leave for all colleagues. In 2023, NAB colleagues
contributed more than 1,400 volunteer hours with disaster
relief organisations.




48     National Australia Bank
Helping our communities prosper (cont.)




Investing in nature-based solutions
NAB Foundation's Environmental Resilience Fund supports

                                                                                               About
practical projects that build environmental resilience to
natural disasters and climate change.

                                                                                            this report
NAB Foundation funds the Climate-ready Restoration
partnership with Greening Australia and World Wide Fund
for Nature-Australia. The funding enables fire experts and
local communities in south-eastern Australia to test green
firebreaks to manage disaster risks. The project aims to
restore ecosystems by improving biodiversity, as well as

                                                                                            Our business
engaging Indigenous Australians to assess the feasibility of
cultural burning and other Indigenous-led land management
practices. The project also includes a rewilding and cultural

                                                                                               in 2023
burning program. NAB Foundation is providing $2 million to the
partnership over three years.
The project is in its second year and is moving to
implementation phase. A demonstration site showing a green
firebreak configuration will be established in Western Sydney.




                                                                                              Creating value
The construction of predator-free fence has meant that
Eastern bettongs have been successfully reintroduced to
Yiraaldiya National Park in NSW. Bettongs are a small hopping
marsupial related to kangaroos. They protect and restore
ecosystems by reducing leaf litter, promoting healthy soils
and seed germination.
See page 40 of this report for more information on NAB's
approach to managing biodiversity and natural capital.

                                                                                            Corporate
  Quick link
                                                                                           Governance
  nab.com.au/nabreadytogether
                                                                                            Statement




                                                                                               Risk


                                                                                            management




                                                                                              Report of


                                                                                            the Directors




                                                                                               Financial report




                                                                                             Additional

                                                                                            information




                                                                 2023 Annual Report   49
Helping our communities prosper (cont.)




Respecting human rights                                                                    Governance (ESG) Risk Management section on pages 53 to
                                                                                           55 for further detail on how ESG Risk (including human rights)
                                                                                           is managed, using a risk-based approach, within lending and
NAB recognises the fundamental worth of                                                    sourcing activities.
all people by respecting human rights.
A commitment to respecting human rights is a core                                          Human rights risk assessment and due diligence
foundation for our Group Human Rights Policy, the approach                                 NAB seeks to proactively identify, assess and address
to ‘How we work’, and our codes of conduct. It is also                                     human rights risks and impacts that may arise in business
integrated within a number of key voluntary initiatives                                    relationships with customers and suppliers, as outlined in
to which NAB is a signatory, including the Principles                                      our Human Rights Due Diligence process. This includes issues
for Responsible Banking and the United Nations Global                                      such as poor labour practices, modern slavery, Free, Prior and
Compact. Further information about NAB's approach to                                       Informed Consent, and improper land acquisition.
human rights and a copy of the Group Human Rights Policy
                                                                                           In 2023, through our ESG risk assessment processes (which
is available on nab.com.au/about-us/sustainability/reporting-
                                                                                           form part of the credit risk and due diligence process),
policies-approach/human-rights-approach.
                                                                                           including media scanning, we identified a small number of
As a financial institution, NAB contributes to economic                                    customers with potential human rights and modern slavery
and social development that is necessary to underpin the                                   concerns within their operations or supply chains. Further
protection of human rights – through our direct operations,                                investigation and/or customer engagement has confirmed
the financial products and services we provide, and the                                    some instances of poor labour practices and/or other
wages and taxes that we pay. NAB and BNZ provide access to                                 potential human rights concerns. NAB and BNZ have taken
finance for disadvantaged groups, support businesses which                                 action, engaged relevant customers and are monitoring the
provide jobs and economic growth and provide financing for                                 actions these customers are taking to address the issues,
key infrastructure.                                                                        as appropriate.

Exposure to human rights risk                                                              NAB identified a number of instances of possible human
                                                                                           exploitation by its customers that were investigated and
NAB recognises that human rights concerns may arise not
                                                                                           reported to AUSTRAC and law enforcement as required. Further
only in our own operations, but also via interactions with
                                                                                           action was taken as appropriate. Similarly, in New Zealand, BNZ
external third parties. As a financial services organisation,
                                                                                           investigated several instances of possible human exploitation
NAB is exposed to human rights risk through five key
                                                                                           by its customers and reported these to the NZ Police Financial
channels: banking operations, customer relationships, supply
                                                                                           Intelligence Unit (FIU) as required. No instances of modern
chain management, private wealth-related services and more
                                                                                           slavery or human trafficking were identified in NAB’s own
generally through the communities we serve.
                                                                                           operations or its supply chain.
For each of these channels, NAB considers its most salient
human rights issues and related vulnerable groups. Examples
                            (1)
                                                                                           Managing grievances
of relevant salient human rights issues include:                                           NAB's human rights grievance process sets out how human
•    Health, safety, security and wellbeing                                                rights issues and concerns are investigated and acted
                                                                                           upon. One of the mechanisms provided for the receipt of
•    Customer financial resilience and hardship
                                                                                           human rights-related feedback and concerns is our mailbox
•    Fair and responsible products and services                                            grievances@nab.com.au. Grievances received in this mailbox
•    Accessibility                                                                         are referred to the appropriate area for investigation and
•    Indigenous rights and inclusion                                                       action. To ensure individuals wishing to raise human rights-
                                                                                           related concerns understand the process, NAB's website
•    Modern slavery
                                                                                           contains guidance, in multiple languages, on how to lodge a
•    Corruption and bribery                                                                human rights concern. In 2023, we received one grievance
•    Diversity and inclusion                                                               via the mailbox, from six Tiwi Islands Traditional Owners and
•    Collective bargaining                                                                 one Larrakia Traditional Owner. Similar complaints regarding
                                                                                           the same customer were received by 11 other Australian and
•    Gender Equity
                                                                                           international banks. NAB has since considered and provided a
•    Data ethics, AI and human rights.                                                     response to that human rights grievance.
These issues are considered as part of our risk management                                 Customer-related human rights concerns may be received
practices when determining mitigating actions.                                             directly by NAB, or via external dispute resolution bodies
NAB's 2023 Sustainability Data Pack(2) provides a content index                            such as Courts and human rights and/or equal opportunity
on key external human rights frameworks and our salient                                    commissions or tribunals. For example, in 2023, NAB received 13
human rights issues, including references to where they have                               complaints alleging discrimination that were filed in Courts or
been addressed in greater detail within NAB's 2023 annual                                  human rights/equal opportunity commissions or tribunals. Of
reporting suite.                                                                           those 13 complaints, 10 were made by customers and 3 were
                                                                                           made by colleagues or former colleagues.
Managing human rights risk                                                                 Colleague concerns regarding human rights are managed
Human rights risk is an ESG risk considered as part                                        through employee relations processes or via our
of Sustainability Risk within the Group's Risk Management                                  Whistleblower Program (refer to How We Work on page 82).
Strategy and Framework and risk appetite, including our
                                                                                           In 2022, NAB engaged a specialist business and human
sensitive sectors and areas list and divisional Credit
                                                                                           rights advisory firm to review its human rights grievance
Appetite Strategies. This is supported by ESG risk
                                                                                           mechanism against the effectiveness criteria set out in the UN
assessment in customer and supplier related on-boarding
                                                                                           Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. The review
and review processes. Refer to the Environmental, Social and
    (1) Salient human rights issues are those human rights that are at risk of the most severe negative impact through the Group’s activities or business relationships.
    (2) Refer to nab.com.au/annualreports.


50      National Australia Bank
Helping our communities prosper (cont.)




identified several areas where NAB could make incremental
improvements to strengthen our grievance mechanism. As a                           Case Study: Assessing the human rights impact
result, a number of small changes were made to guidance for                        of AI
colleagues in 2023.                                                                Automation is increasingly becoming a key area for                    About

                                                                                                                                                      this report
                                                                                   banks, and while technological change can lead to
Human rights areas of focus
                                                                                   advancements, there are also risks that arise from
A number of human rights areas are of interest to our                              implementation that need to be well considered and
stakeholders, including:                                                           balanced. AI systems have the capability to improve
•    Indigenous inclusion and support: NAB is taking steps                         efficiency and increase customer satisfaction when
     to support growth in Indigenous business, employment                          engaging with banking services, and due to the special


                                                                                                                                                      Our business
     prospects and reconciliation (refer to page 28 which                          relationship that banks have with their customers, it is
     provides more detail on how NAB is helping Indigenous                         critical to ensure that any decision-making that uses
     businesses prosper and supporting reconciliation). Also                       AI systems is made ethically and with consideration to

                                                                                                                                                         in 2023
     refer to page 28 which gives further detail of BNZ's                          human rights.
     Māori strategy.                                                               The Australian Human Rights Commission ('the
•    Inclusion and diversity: NAB's priority areas include:                        Commission') sought to develop a Human Rights Impact
     inclusion, accessibility, gender diversity, flexible working                  Assessment (HRIA) Tool following its publication of
     and supply chain diversity. Refer to page 32 for more detail.                 recommendations in its Final Report: Human Rights and




                                                                                                                                                        Creating value
•    Modern slavery: The Group is taking steps to address                          Technology including that private sector bodies should
     modern slavery risk in our value chain as outlined briefly in                 be encouraged to undertake HRIAs before using AI
     the section below and in more details in the Group's Modern                   systems and that tools should be developed to assist
     Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement.(1)                                   them in doing so.

•    Enterprise bargaining and payroll review: NAB received                        The aim of the HRIA Tool is to assist banks in considering
     majority support from colleagues on the 2024 Enterprise                       and measuring the risk to human rights posed by AI
     Agreement (refer to page 36).                                                 systems, implement strategies to address those risks
                                                                                   and support the availability of remedies for any human
•    Climate change: Climate change and climate-related
                                                                                   rights violations.
     natural disasters can have negative impacts on human
     rights, including the rights to life, food, health, water                     The Commission's partnership with NAB provided an                  Corporate
                                                                                                                                                     Governance
     and places to live and work. We are taking steps to                           opportunity to consult with our data ethics and analysis
     manage our own climate impact as well as considering                          experts for feedback on the practicality and useability
     the climate impacts of our customers and the need                             of the questions incorporated into the HRIA Tool. NAB              Statement
     for a just transition. NAB is the only Australian company                     considered it a valuable opportunity to help develop the
     participating in the United Nations Global Compact's Think                    HRIA Tool as it recognised that it is in both banks' and
     Lab on Just Transition (“Think Lab”). NAB contributed to                      customers' interests, to ensure that it measures the risk
     the Think Lab's work to shape business and thought                            to human rights posed by AI activities and to implement

                                                                                                                                                         Risk
     leadership on critical areas linked to just transition. NAB's                 strategies to address those risks.
     2023 Climate Report(2) details our approach to climate                        In order to support development of the HRIA Tool,
     change, covering governance, strategy, risk management

                                                                                                                                                      management
                                                                                   NAB coordinated input from a cross-functional group
     and metrics and targets.                                                      of colleagues working in areas including data science,
•    Disaster support: When communities where NAB operates                         human rights, finance, legal and customer service.
     are threatened by natural disasters, NAB's Ready Together                     The HRIA Tool builds upon the Commission’s work to
     program provides support to help them withstand the                           develop practical guidance for the ethical use of AI
     events and recover (refer to page 48).                                        systems for various sectors and businesses.

                                                                                                                                                        Report of
•    Financial hardship: NAB is proactively supporting                             Traditionally, banks employ a range of risk assessment
     customers with financial hardship assistance (refer to                        tools. This tool can be tailored by banks and integrated
     page 26).

                                                                                                                                                      the Directors
                                                                                   into their data ethics assessment processes. To
•    Technology, ethics and human rights: AI can improve                           date, NAB has included various human rights specific
     efficiency and increase customer satisfaction when                            questions into our own data ethics assessment process
     engaging with banking services. However, given the                            for review of more general data use cases. Now we
     important role banks play in helping Australians to manage                    will also consider human rights as a part of the risk
     their wealth, it is important that when integrating AI into                   assessment when considering use of AI tools.




                                                                                                                                                         Financial report
     bank decision-making, it is done ethically and with human                     Copies of the Commission's Final Report: Human Rights
     rights at the forefront. For this reason, in 2023, NAB                        and Technology and the HRIA Tool are available on the
     partnered with the Australian Human Rights Commission to                      Commission's website at https://humanrights.gov.au.
     develop and produce a human rights impact assessment
     tool for AI-informed decision-making systems in banking.
     Refer to further detail in the highlighted case study.




                                                                                                                                                       Additional

                                                                                                                                                      information
    (1) Available at nab.com.au/about-us/social-impact/modern-slavery-statement.
    (2) Refer to nab.com.au/annualreports.


                                                                                                                           2023 Annual Report   51
Helping our communities prosper (cont.)




Modern Slavery                                                                            emerging child exploitation threats facing our customers
The Group's annual Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking                                   and the community.
Statements are made available on our website(1). Our annual                           •   Clean Energy Council's Risks of Modern Slavery Working
Statement outlines what we have done to manage modern                                     Group. Our participation in this working group is providing
slavery and human trafficking risk in the Group's operations                              input into an internal review of modern slavery in the
and supply chain. The Group has reported against the UK                                   renewable energy sector. Refer to the case study below.
Modern Slavery Act since 2016, and the Australian Modern
Slavery Act since 2020.
Further information on how we coordinate our modern slavery                               Case Study: Corporate and Institutional
prevention activities across the Group is provided in our                                 Banking – Modern Slavery in the Renewable
annual Modern Slavery Statement. During 2023, key activities                              Energy Sector
included: assessment of modern slavery risks associated                                   Corporate and Institutional Banking has supported
with new subsidiaries; improvements to internal guidance                                  renewable energy infrastructure over many years and
for colleagues on our human rights grievance mechanism;                                   through application of our ESG risk assessment process
and a review of our third-party risk ESG risk assessment                                  potential modern slavery issues have been identified in
processes, which include consideration of human rights and                                the solar supply chain. The Clean Energy Council (CEC)
modern slavery.                                                                           in conjunction with Norton Rose Fulbright published a
                                                                                          report titled ‘Addressing Modern Slavery in the Clean
Building capability                                                                       Energy Sector’ in November 2022 on risks and challenges
In 2023, modern slavery risk, was included both in annual risk                            in the renewables supply chain.
awareness training for colleagues and in annual training on                               Collaboration is taking place across the renewable
financial crime and AML/CTF. NAB achieved a participation rate                            energy industry globally. The challenges are complex
of 99.9% for this training.                                                               and will take time to resolve but increasing transparency
We also support colleagues with a number of ESG-related                                   and willingness of customers to acknowledge issues
checklists and internal guidance notes on a range of topics                               and implement strategies to reduce and eliminate
which incorporate human rights-related considerations,                                    modern slavery risks will contribute to a just low
including guidance explaining key elements of our Group                                   carbon transition.
Human Rights Policy for colleagues. Our internal ESG risk                                 In 2023, NAB commenced an in-depth review of modern
management intranet site provides resources and links to                                  slavery risk in the renewable energy sector. As part of
help bankers understand and identify human rights, including                              the review process, NAB has engaged with a number of
modern slavery risks and impacts.                                                         relevant customers and referred to a range of external
                                                                                          guidance, including information provided in the CEC
Participating in industry working groups
                                                                                          Report and by other international renewable energy
and initiatives
                                                                                          industry bodies, advice from NAB’s internal ESG experts
The Group is a signatory to the Principles for Responsible                                and other external sources and experts. Progress to
Banking, Equator Principles and the UN Global Compact,                                    date includes a portfolio review to confirm high risk
all of which incorporate human rights-related principles                                  jurisdictions and activities are correctly identified and
or requirements. Engaging in industry working groups and                                  engagement with external experts to help identify
forums enables us to exchange knowledge, learn from                                       where we can improve frameworks, guidance and risk
peer financial institutions and other corporates and to                                   management practices. The next step will be to update
contribute to industry guidance in relation to human rights and                           banker guidance.
modern slavery.
In 2023, NAB participated in a range of industry working and
activities including the following:
•    Responsible Investment Association of Australasia Human
     Rights and First Nations' Rights Working Groups
•    Australian Banking Association Modern Slavery
     Working Group
•    UNGC Human Rights Dialogue, where NAB spoke on a panel
     promoting the concept of a ‘just transition’ and awareness
     of the broader human rights impacts of climate change,
     alongside representatives of government and civil society.
     This work builds on NAB’s partnership with 'Think Lab'
     (available at www.unglobalcompact.org/take-action/think-
     labs/just-transition) which has seen the publication of a
     series of briefings intended to help businesses practically
     engage with the human rights issues raised by climate
     change transition and adaptation.
•    As part of the Fintel Alliance, NAB contributed to a report
     titled ‘Combatting the Sexual exploitation of Children for
     Financial Gain’ published by the Fintel Alliance, AUSTRAC,
     the Australian Federal Police and the Australian Centre
     to Counter Child Exploitation. The Report covers new and



    (1) Refer to nab.com.au/about-us/sustainability/reporting-policies-approach/performance-reporting.


52      National Australia Bank
Helping our communities prosper (cont.)




Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Risk Management
Managing risk is part of everyone’s role. This is supported by Risk functions, led by the Group Chief Risk
Officer (CRO).                                                                                                                                                                                     About

Risk Governance                                                                                                                                                                                 this report

The CEO oversees enterprise-wide risk management through                                        •    ESG-related risk appetite settings. ESG matters are
the Enterprise Risk & Compliance Committee (ERCC) and its                                            escalated to the ERCC, BRCC and the Board as required.
supporting sub-committees, including the Group Credit and                                       Sustainability Risk was added as a material risk category(2)

                                                                                                                                                                                                Our business
Market Risk Committee (GCMRC). The GCMRC supports the ERCC                                      within the Risk Management Framework in October 2021. The
in its oversight of the Group’s management of Credit Risk,                                      Group defines Sustainability Risk as “the risk that ESG events or
Market Risk and Sustainability Risk and emerging risks and their

                                                                                                                                                                                                   in 2023
                                                                                                conditions negatively impact the risk and return profile, value
related financial implications. This includes oversight of:                                     or reputation of the Group or its customers and suppliers”.
•     ESG-related policies, including those related to human                                    Climate, nature, and human rights-related risks are included in
      rights and environment(1);                                                                consideration of Sustainability Risk, alongside other ESG risks.
•  assessment of customer-related ESG risk; and
                        7-504 NFN2651 - Governance Diagrams - Update_1A October 31, 2023 11:19 am




                                                                                                                                                                                                  Creating value
Figure 2: Summary of ESG Risk management and oversight



                                               Board and Board committees
           Accountable for ESG Strategy and oversight of ESG matters, including any escalated from Board committees.                                          Independent
                                                                                                                                                                assurance
                                       Board People &                  Board Risk &                                             Board Nomination                 & advice
           Board Audit                                                                              Board Customer
                                       Remuneration                    Compliance                                                 & Governance
           Committee                                                                                  Committee
                                         Committee                     Committee                                                   Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                               Governance
            The Board Risk & Compliance Committee oversees ESG risks (including climate and human rights-related risks)                                                                         Statement
                and the Groupʼs environmental compliance and performance reported and escalated by management.
                                                                                                                                                                          Risk
                                                                                                                                                                       Management

                                        Group Credit & Market Risk Committee
                 The Group Credit and Market Risk Committee is an executive level risk management committee which                                                                                  Risk


                                                                                                                                                                                                management
                 has oversight of certain financial risks and ESG risks (including climate and human rights related risks),
                  and the Group’s environmental compliance and performance. Refer to the Risk Management section
                                        for further information on Risk Management committees.



The Group's risk frameworks and processes                                      Additionally, where ESG and associated reputation risk is
                                                                        Board
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Report of
Effective risk management is fundamental to execution of our                   high, ESG matters are escalated by customer-facing teams
strategy and ability to be a safe and secure bank that serves                  for discussion and consideration in business units     (Business
                                                                                                                                Strategy,
                                                                               and Private Banking and Corporate and Institutional     Banking)
                                                                                                                                purpose,

                                                                                                                                                                                                the Directors
customers well and helps our communities prosper. Managing
ESG risk is part of our day-to-day business and it is identified,              or subsidiary  forums   (BNZ) involving senior management,
                                                                                                                                values &
                                        Executive
measured, monitored, reported and overseen                Leadership Team
                                                      in accordance            executive and other key internal stakeholdersculture
                                                                                                                                 including Risk
with the Group’s Risk Management       Strategy,    Framework    and           and  Corporate Affairs. The Business and Private Banking forum
                        Oversees sustainability-related (including climate) strategy and opportunities.
reflected in the Risk Appetite Statement (RAS) and relevant                    was formalised in 2023.
supporting policies and management practices.                                  Management of ESG risk is operationalised through a number




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
We manage ESG risk in an integrated manner as part                             of supporting key risk frameworks and systems, including:
of our processes for managing risks across              material
                                                    Policies,      riskand processes
                                                              systems               • Risk Appetite Framework – risk appetite cascades from
                   Sustainability-related
categories. This is guided by a                             management
                                      set of six ESG Risk Principles       (3)
                                                                                    groups
                                                                                        the       and
                                                                                              Group        forums
                                                                                                      RAS, where      there are specific ESG-related
comprising an environmental principle, two social principles                            tolerances, including fossil fuel related limits. The RAS
           Comprised of representatives from across NAB’s businesses to align and drive progress in NAB’s priority
and three governance principles. ESG risk assessment                  is
                                                         sustainability areas.(1)       operates in conjunction with divisional Credit Appetite
part of
      Thethe Group's
          Group has credit
                     establishedrisk assessment
                                   a number          and level
                                              of Executive supplier    risk
                                                                  groups                Strategies
                                                                          and forums designed          (CAS)
                                                                                                 to drive       and the
                                                                                                          enterprise      Group’s High Risk ESG Sectors and
                                                                                                                       collaboration,
management      due
    alignment and     diligence
                   visibility      processes,
                              on strategy,        and factors
                                           innovation,            into day-
                                                       opportunities,                   Sensitive
                                                                         execution activities        Areas list
                                                                                              and emerging    risks(‘Sensitive  Sectors and Areas List’). Our
                                                                                                                    (described below).
to-day   decisions
    The chairs of theof colleagues.
                      below   groups and forums provide periodic reporting to the Executive
                                                                                        Sensitive Leadership
                                                                                                     SectorsTeam  and (ELT)
                                                                                                                       Areasand Board
                                                                                                                              List helps colleagues working
     and have the power to refer matters of significant importance to the Group Chief   withExecutive
                                                                                               customersOfficerand
                                                                                                                 (CEO), relevantknow
                                                                                                                     suppliers  BEAR which sectors and

                                                                                                                                                                                                 Additional
                                                    accountable persons or the ELT.
    (1) The Group's Human Rights Policy, Group Environmental Management Policy and Group Environmental Reporting and Offset Management Policy are available on our
                           Sustainability Council                                                   Affordable Housing Council
                                                                                                                                                                                                information
        website here: Explore policies and resources | Research and insights - NAB available at nab.com.au/about-us/sustainability/reporting-policies-approach/policies-
        resources.         Chair: Les Matheson, Group Chief                                         Chair: Cathryn Carver, Executive, Client
                           Operating
    (2) The material risks managed      Officer
                                     by the                                                         Coverage
                                            Group are: credit risk, operational risk, compliance risk, conduct risk, balance sheet and liquidity risk, market risk, sustainability risk
        and strategic risk. For more information on these, and other principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group, refer to Risk Factors on pages 89 to 101.
                           Remit: NAB’s over-arching strategic                                      Remit: Drives strategy and actions
    (3) Available on our website nab.com.au/content/dam/nabrwd/documents/reports/corporate/esg-risk-principles.pdf.
                           direction as it relates to sustainability                                 related to NAB’s response to affordable
                           performance. Considers stakeholder                                        and specialist housing. Includes
                           expectations and NAB’s voluntary                                          supporting targeted partnerships                       2023 Annual Report            53
                           obligations.                                                              and progress.
Helping our communities prosper (cont.)




     activities may have a higher inherent exposure to ESG-                               The Group’s credit risk assessment and due diligence
     related risks. It sets out sectors and activities where we                           processes include the following steps, appropriate to the
     have restricted or no appetite. Key elements of the risk                             relevant sector, business activity and geography:
                                                                                                    7-492 NFN2639_210x148mm_Risk Diagrams - Credit Risk Assessment_2A_01 September 11, 2023 10:10 am
     appetite framework (RAS, CAS and the Sensitive Sectors
     and Areas List - refer to Figure 4) are reviewed and                                                                                    Origination and
     refreshed annually to incorporate emerging and changing                                                                                 internal review
     ESG risks, including during 2023.
•    Group Policy Governance Framework – prescribes the
     minimum requirements for policies across the Group                                     Monitoring
     to support adherence to regulatory and legislative
     obligations, our strategic ambition, risk appetite, and
     where relevant, industry or best practices. Specific
     ESG-related policies include the Group Environmental
     Management Policy, Group Environmental Reporting
     and Offset Management Policy, Human Rights Policy,                                                                                                            Evaluation
     Social Impact Policy, NZBA Policy, Equator Principles
     Policy, Assessing Customer-related ESG Risk Policy and
     Environmental Contamination Risk Policy. During 2023, the
     Equator Principles Policy, Assessing Customer-related ESG
     Risk Policy and Environmental Contamination Risk Policy
     were refreshed.

Figure 4: Key elements of our risk appetite framework
                                                                                                       Documentation
                                                                                                                                                Approval
                                                                                                       and settlement


                                                                                          Origination and internal review
                                                                                          As part of the credit risk assessment and due diligence
                                                                                          process, colleagues in both NAB Business Banking and
                                                                                          Corporate & Institutional Banking Divisions are required
                                                                                          to undertake negative media screening on customers at
                                                                                          origination and internal review.
                                                                                          If potential ESG risk issues are identified as part of this risk-
                                                                                          based screening, or bankers note a customer's involvement
                                                                                          in high-risk sectors or activities, then customers are subject
                                                                                          to more detailed ESG risk assessment and due diligence in
                                                                                          accordance with exposure-related trigger thresholds, as part
                                                                                          of the Group’s origination or ongoing credit review processes.

                                                                                          Evaluation
ESG risk management in lending
                                                                                          Detailed credit risk assessment and due diligence is
The Group considers exposure to risk, including ESG risk, at a                            conducted. This includes assessment and identification of
lending portfolio and  individual customer level.
                   NFN2643 - Risk Appetite Statement - option 3                           material risk issues, incorporating ESG risks. ESG-related
                                                                                          checklists and guidance notes on a range of topics and
                                                                                          sensitive sectors help guide this activity. This may include
                                                                                          assessing a potential customer’s background, character, ESG-
                                                                                          related performance and the countries in which they operate.
                                                                                          Where lending is project related, the Equator Principles(1) may
                                                                                          apply. The Equator Principles are a set of guidelines through
                                                                                          which participating banks agree to only finance projects
                                                                                          that are managed by the borrower with responsible business
                                                                                          practices (both environmental and social) and which meet and
                                                                                          comply with the Equator Principles.
                                                                                          In 2023, we reviewed and refreshed our ESG-related guidance,
                                                                                          checklists and processes for Corporate & Institutional Banking
                                                                                          colleagues as part of a refresh of customer-related ESG
                                                                                          risk policies. For BNZ, the ESG guidance has been reviewed
                                                                                          and approved, and will be rolled out in 2024.




    (1) The Equator Principles are a set of guidelines through which participating banks throughout the world agree to only finance projects that are managed by the borrower
        with responsible business practices (both environmental and social) and which meet and comply with the Equator Principles.


54      National Australia Bank
Helping our communities prosper (cont.)




Approval                                                            Building ESG risk management capability
Lending approval is only given where risk (including ESG            We provide frontline colleagues with access to appropriate

                                                                                                                                             About
risk where appropriate) has been effectively evaluated,             ESG expertise, information, training and tools as part of our
appropriately mitigated and accepted. Where there is high           approach to managing ESG risk. An ESG module, which in
ESG or reputational risk, matters are escalated to the relevant     2023 included information on modern slavery related risks, is
divisional and/or executive forums or committees, Board Risk        included in annual Risk Awareness training for all colleagues.        this report
& Compliance Committee and/or Board as appropriate.                 In 2023, NAB achieved a participant completion rate of 98.6%
                                                                    for Risk Awareness training. In 2024, NAB plans to expand the
Documentation and settlement                                        content and cover general ESG risk, human rights and modern
During documentation and settlement, the customer may               slavery and climate risk.


                                                                                                                                          Our business
be subject to conditions and covenants to address                   During 2023, further capability improvement activities were
legal obligations, any voluntary compliance obligations (for        completed to continue to embed ESG risk management
example, the Equator Principles), and/or to monitor and             practices across the Group, including in relation to climate

                                                                                                                                             in 2023
manage specified ESG risks against agreed performance               change. This included:
measures. This includes consideration of ESG performance
                                                                    •   Training sessions on a range of topics including
KPIs when sustainability-linked products are involved.
                                                                        climate change, net zero banking, Equator Principles,
Customer engagement and monitoring                                      green and sustainable finance, ESG-related assurance
                                                                        and greenwashing delivered as part of Corporate and




                                                                                                                                            Creating value
Ongoing customer relationship management includes
                                                                        Institutional Banking sustainability champions network
engagement with customers to discuss their ESG-related
                                                                        training program, and refresher training for Corporate
performance, issues and initiatives. This engagement helps
                                                                        and Institutional Banking and Business and Private Banking
us to assess customer's ESG performance and to better
                                                                        colleagues on our customer-related ESG Risk policies;
understand their ESG goals and objectives so we can support
them with appropriate products and services and manage              •   Training sessions on greenwashing for colleagues in a
ESG and reputation risk that may arise as a result of the               range of teams including Risk, Corporate Affairs, Marketing,
customer relationship. It also includes regular review of               Corporate and Institutional Banking, and the Climate Office;
the customer’s compliance with any agreed conditions and
covenants with ESG-related requirements. If there is evidence
                                                                    Participating in voluntary industry initiatives
of systemic non-compliance or material issues, this may result      The Group has voluntarily become a signatory to initiatives           Corporate
                                                                                                                                         Governance
in termination of the relationship.                                 that help banks set standards and improve ESG risk
                                                                    management practices. These include the UN Global Compact,
ESG risk management in sourcing                                     the Equator Principles, the PRB and NZBA. Requirements under          Statement
The conduct and performance of suppliers can have a                 these initiatives are assigned in the Group's enterprise risk
significant impact on NAB's sustainability as a business, as        management tool, to ensure we have controls and processes
well as our reputation within communities. We have risk             in place to meet any requirements of these initiatives and to
management processes to identify, assess, mitigate and              track the Group's progress in meeting these requirements.

                                                                                                                                             Risk
monitor potential risk areas where we could be exposed to
ESG risks. The Group Supplier Sustainability Principles set out
                                                                    ESG risk management references
an expectation that suppliers will, among other things:             This year, the Group has published its second standalone

                                                                                                                                          management
                                                                    Climate Report. This contains detailed disclosures aligned
•   Comply with all relevant local and national laws and
                                                                    to the recommendations of the Taskforce on Climate-
    regulations, provide transparent and public reporting on
                                                                    related Financial Disclosures. This is available on
    their ESG risks and have a process in place to provide timely
                                                                    nab.com.au/annualreports.
    disclosure to the Group of material ESG matters concerning
    their organisation.                                             The Group's modern slavery statement is provided


                                                                                                                                            Report of
                                                                    on nab.com.au/about us/social-impact/modern-slavery-
•   Respect human rights and address any infringements or
                                                                    statement.
    adverse impacts to human rights associated with their
    business activities.                                            Refer to Risk Factors on page 97 for further detail on the

                                                                                                                                          the Directors
•   Comply with all relevant local and national laws and            Group's exposure to Sustainability Risk.
    regulations in relation to environmental protection,
    management and reporting.
In addition, NAB and BNZ have taken action, where applicable,




                                                                                                                                             Financial report
to reduce the likelihood that we might have an adverse
impact on human rights as a consequence of procurement,
for example by continuing to purchase Fairtrade certified tea,
coffee and cocoa across NAB commercial building tea points
and Fairtrade certified coffee across BNZ commercial building
tea points.
In 2023, NAB reviewed and refreshed the ESG risk assessment
component of its Third-Party Risk Management Module, which
is part of our enterprise risk management tool. This supports

                                                                                                                                           Additional
the ongoing management of supplier-related risks, including
ESG risk.


                                                                                                                                          information




                                                                                                               2023 Annual Report   55
                                                   Ernst & Young                            Tel: +61 3 9288 8000
                                                   8 Exhibition Street                      Fax: +61 3 8650 7777
                                                   Melbourne VIC 3000 Australia             ey.com/au
                                                   GPO Box 67 Melbourne VIC 3001




   Independent Limited Assurance Report to the Management and
   Directors of National Australia Bank Limited

   Our Conclusion
   Ernst & Young (‘EY’, ‘we’) were engaged by National Australia Bank Limited (‘NAB’) to undertake
   limited assurance as defined by Australian Auditing Standards, hereafter referred to as a ‘review’ over
   the Subject Matter defined below for the year ended 30 September 2023. Based on the procedures we
   have performed and the evidence we have obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us
   to believe the Subject Matter has not been prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the
   Criteria defined below.

   What Our Review Covered
   We reviewed NAB’s preparation and application of its materiality process for NAB’s ESG material
   themes against the Criteria of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 2023 Standard’s Materiality
   Principle for defining reporting content, as included in NAB’s 2023 Annual Report (“AR”).

   We also reviewed the following performance metrics and disclosures for the year ended 30 September
   2023:

     What our review covered (Subject Matter)                                    Criteria applied by NAB (Criteria)

     Annual Report


          20 key non-financial metrics and the related                             Criteria for the key non-financial metrics
           disclosures included throughout the AR                                    throughout the AR with reference to the defined
                                                                                     terms in the glossary of NAB’s AR
          4 key non-financial metrics and the related
           disclosures included throughout the AR related to
           NAB’s Reconciliation Action Plan (“RAP”)

     Sustainability Data Pack (“SDP”)


          25 key non-financial metrics and the related                             Criteria for the key non-financial metrics
           disclosures included throughout the SDP                                   throughout the SDP

          7 key non-financial, RAP related metrics and the
           related disclosures included throughout the SDP




   Please see Appendix A for a breakdown of the key non-financial metrics and related disclosures
   assured in the AR and SDP. Other than as described in the preceding paragraphs, which set out the
   scope of our engagement, we did not perform assurance procedures on the remaining information
   included in the Report, and accordingly, we do not express an opinion or conclusion on this
   information.

   A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
   Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
56    National Australia Bank
                                                                                                                    About

                                                                                                                 this report


Key Responsibilities

                                                                                                                 Our business
EY’s Responsibility and Independence

                                                                                                                    in 2023
Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the Subject Matter based on our review.

We have complied with the independence and relevant ethical requirements, which are founded on
fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality
and professional behaviour. The firm applies Auditing Standard ASQM 1 Quality Management for Firms



                                                                                                                   Creating value
that Perform Audits or Reviews of Financial Reports and Other Financial Information, or Other
Assurance or Related Services Engagements, which requires the firm to design, implement and
operate a system of quality management including policies or procedures regarding compliance with
ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.


NAB’s Responsibility

                                                                                                                 Corporate
NAB’s management is responsible for selecting the Criteria, and for presenting the materiality process,
selected material topics and performance metrics and disclosures in accordance with that Criteria, in
all material respects. This responsibility includes establishing and maintaining internal controls,             Governance
maintaining adequate records and making estimates that are relevant to the preparation of the subject            Statement
matter, such that it is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

Our Approach to Conducting the Review
We conducted our review in accordance with the Australian Standard for Assurance Engagements                        Risk
Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information (‘ASAE 3000’), the Australian
                                                                                                                 management
Standard on Review Engagements ASRE 2405 Review of Historical Financial Information Other than a
Financial Report and the terms of reference for this engagement as agreed with NAB on 10 August
2023. That standard requires that we plan and perform our engagement to express a conclusion on
whether anything has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the Subject Matter is not
prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the Criteria, and to issue a report.
                                                                                                                   Report of


                                                                                                                 the Directors




                                                                                                                    Financial report




                                                                                                                  Additional

                                                                                                                 information


A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                                                                      2023 Annual Report   57
   Summary of Review Procedures Performed
   A review consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for preparing the materiality
   process, selected material topics, performance metrics and disclosures, and applying analytical and
   other review procedures.

   The nature, timing, and extent of the procedures selected depend on our judgement, including an
   assessment of the risk of material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. The procedures we
   performed included, but were not limited to:
   •     Conducting interviews with NAB personnel and collating evidence to understand NAB’s materiality
         process, process for reporting selected performance metrics as well as risks of misstatement and
         quality controls to address risks
   •     Assessing NAB’s materiality process and conducting checks such as a media review and peer
         review to support alignment with the GRI Standards materiality and completeness principles
   •     Assessing the AR and SDP for disclosure and coverage of materiality process and identified
         material issues in line with the GRI standards materiality and completeness principles
   •     Conducting limited assurance procedures over the performance metrics and disclosures,
         including:
               •    Checking that the calculation Criteria have been applied in accordance with the
                    methodologies for the non-financial metrics
               •    Checking the clerical accuracy of input data utilised to calculate selected performance
                    metrics
               •    Undertaking analytical procedures to support the reasonableness of selected performance
                    metrics
               •    Identifying and testing assumptions supporting calculations
               •    Performing recalculations of selected performance metrics using input data and, on a
                    sample basis, testing underlying source information to support accuracy of selected
                    performance metrics
               •    Assessing the accuracy and balance of statements associated with the selected
                    performance metrics


   Inherent Limitations
   Procedures performed in a review engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent
   than for, a reasonable assurance engagement. Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a
   review engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a
   reasonable assurance engagement been performed. Our procedures were designed to obtain a limited
   level of assurance on which to base our conclusion and do not provide all the evidence that would be
   required to provide a reasonable level of assurance.

   While we considered the effectiveness of management’s internal controls when determining the nature
   and extent of our procedures, our assurance engagement was not designed to provide assurance on
   internal controls. Our procedures did not include testing controls or performing procedures relating to
   checking aggregation or calculation of data within IT systems.




   A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
   Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
58    National Australia Bank
                                                                                                                                      About

                                                                                                                                   this report


Other Matters

                                                                                                                                   Our business
Our review does not extend to any disclosures or assertions made by NAB relating to future
performance plans and/or strategies disclosed in the AR and SDP. Our review extends to disclosures

                                                                                                                                      in 2023
of prior year figures for the metrics set out in Appendix B, with the exception of the metrics set out in
the footnote below.1


Use of Our Assurance Statement


                                                                                                                                     Creating value
We disclaim any assumption of responsibility for any reliance on this assurance report to any persons
other than management and the Directors of NAB, or for any purpose other than that for which it was
prepared.

Our review included web-based information that was available via web links as of the date of this
statement. We provide no assurance over changes to the content of this web-based information after
the date of this assurance statement.
                                                                                                                                   Corporate
                                                                                                                                  Governance
                                                                                                                                   Statement

Ernst & Young



                                                                                                                                      Risk


                                                                                                                                   management
Rebecca Dabbs
Partner
Melbourne
9 November 2023


                                                                                                                                     Report of


                                                                                                                                   the Directors




                                                                                                                                      Financial report




                                                                                                                                    Additional

1
 Total workforce (by contract type and geographic region), Progress against 2021-2025 Inclusion & Diversity measurable             information
objectives female representation during FY23, Gender pay equity, Number of diverse suppliers engaged

A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                                                                                        2023 Annual Report   59
   Appendix A

     #      Year     Non-financial metrics                                                            Scope            Location

      1     FY23     Number of Code of Conduct breaches (by category and consequence)                 Australia & NZ   AR & SDP
      2     FY23     Net Promoter Score (by segment)                                                  Australia & NZ   AR & SDP
                     Total customer complaints (by region and by category – showing                   Australia & NZ   AR & SDP
      3     FY23     percentage change), including total number of complaints referred by
                     customers to ombudsmen/external dispute resolution bodies
      4     FY23     Workforce breakdown by ‘diverse’ segment                                         Group            SDP
      5     FY23     Colleague engagement by 'diverse' segment                                        Group            AR & SDP
      6     FY23     Colleague engagement score                                                       Group            AR & SDP
      7     FY23     Colleague engagement survey response rate                                        Group            SDP
      8     FY23     Number of distinct accounts assisted experiencing financial hardship             Australia        AR & SDP
      9     FY23     Cure rates for NAB Assist customer accounts (30 days and 90 days)                Australia        AR & SDP
     10     FY23     Number and dollar value of microfinance loans written                            Australia & NZ   AR & SDP
                     Total workforce (by FTE, contract type, gender, headcount, age group,            Group            AR & SDP
     11     FY23
                     employment level, geographic region)
     12     FY23     Representation of women in total workforce and by employment level               Group            AR & SDP
     13     FY23     Representation of women in Management and Executive Management                   Group            AR & SDP
                     Total number and rate of employee turnover (voluntary/involuntary) by            Group            AR & SDP
     14     FY23
                     gender
     15     FY23     Ratio of basic salary, women to men (by employment level and location)           Group            SDP
     16     FY23     Representation of women on Group Subsidiary Boards                               Group            AR & SDP
                     Progress against 2021-2025 Inclusion & Diversity measurable objectives           Group            AR & SDP
     17     FY23
                     female representation during FY23
     18     FY23     Gender pay equity                                                                Group            AR & SDP
     19     FY23     Return to work rate following parental leave (by gender)                         Australia        AR & SDP
     20     FY23     Community Investment (by dollar value, region, category, focus area)             Group            AR & SDP
                     Number of whistleblower disclosures received under the Whistleblower             Australia        SDP
     21     FY23     Policy (inc. partially or fully substantiated, not substantiated and remaining
                     under investigation)
     22     FY23     Number of critical and high priority technology incidents                        Australia        AR & SDP
     23     FY23     Progress on affordable and specialist housing financing target                   Australia        AR & SDP
                     Progress toward target to spend $10 million annually with diverse suppliers      Australia        AR & SDP
     24     FY23
                     by 2025 during FY23
     25     FY23     Number of diverse suppliers engaged                                              Australia        SDP



     #     Year     RAP related non-financial metrics                                                 Scope            Location

     1     FY23     Progress on indigenous spend in FY23                                              Australia        AR & SDP

                    Number of microfinance loans provided to Aboriginal and Torres Strait                              AR & SDP
     2     FY23                                                                                       Australia
                    Islander customers as at 30 September 2023
     3     FY23     Indigenous employee engagement score                                              Australia        SDP
                    Number of internships provided annually to Indigenous Australians currently                        AR & SDP
     4     FY23                                                                                       Australia
                    completing tertiary study
                    Number of flexible traineeships provided annually across both school-based                         AR & SDP
     5     FY23                                                                                       Australia
                    and adult trainees
     6     FY23     Completion rate of Indigenous trainees on programs (%)                            Australia        SDP
     7     FY23     Representation of Indigenous employees                                            Australia        SDP




   A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
   Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
60    National Australia Bank
                                                          About

                                                       this report




                                                       Our business


Corporate                                                 in 2023



Governance
Statement                                                 Creating value




                                                       Corporate
                                                      Governance
                                                      Statement




                                                          Risk


The following information forms part of the            management
Corporate Governance Statement (Statement)
for the purposes of the ASX Corporate
Governance Council’s Corporate Governance
Principles and Recommendations:
                                                         Report of
• Information on the Inclusion and Diversity policy
                                                       the Directors
  and measurable objectives (pages 32 to 35);
• Risk management overview (page 88), including
  Environmental, Social and Governance risk
  management (page 88)




                                                          Financial report




                                                        Additional

                                                       information
This page has been intentionally left blank.
Corporate
Governance Framework
This Statement describes NAB’s approach to corporate governance and governance practices.                                                                About

                                                                                                                                                      this report
NAB aims to maintain and promote high standards of corporate governance to support strong business performance and
retain the trust of shareholders, customers, colleagues, regulators and the community. NAB continually strives to improve its
governance, accountability and risk management practices to meet the needs of its business and stakeholders.
NAB's Corporate Governance Framework is based on accountability, delegation and oversight to support sound and
prudent decision-making.
As a fundamental element of NAB’s culture and business practices, its Corporate Governance Framework guides effective

                                                                                                                                                      Our business
decision-making in all areas of the Group through:
•    Strategic and operational planning.

                                                                                                                                                         in 2023
•    Culture, purpose, values and conduct.
•    Risk management and compliance.
•    Customer outcomes.
•    Financial management.




                                                                                                                                                         Creating value
•    External reporting.
•    People and remuneration.
The following diagram shows the key components of NAB's Corporate Governance Framework. The key functions of the Board and
its committees are outlined in this Statement.




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate
                                                                                                                                                     Governance
                                                               Shareholders

                                                                                                                                                     Statement
                                                                 NAB Board
    Independent
       assurance      Board Audit           Board Risk &         Board People &           Board Customer      Board Nomination
      and advice

                                                                                                                                                         Risk
                      Committee             Compliance           Remuneration               Committee           & Governance
                                            Committee             Committee                                      Committee
                                                                                                                                   Strategy


                                                                                                                                                      management
                                                                                                                                   and risk
                                                                                                                                   management
                                                               Management

                   Group Chief Executive Officer (CEO)                                                                             Purpose,
                   Executive Leadership Team                                                                                       values and


                                                                                                                                                        Report of
                                                                                                                                   culture
                   The Board reserves certain powers for itself and delegates certain authority and responsibility for
                   day-to-day management of the Group to the Group CEO (and other people as appropriate). The Group CEO

                                                                                                                                                      the Directors
                   in turn delegates certain authorities and responsibilities to Group Executives. These delegations are
                   regularly reviewed and are consistent with the requirements of the Banking Executive Accountability Regime
                   (BEAR). Regardless of any delegation by the Group CEO, the Group CEO is accountable to the Board for the
                   exercise of delegated power and management’s performance.




                                                                                                                                                         Financial report
                                                              Policies, systems and processes



NAB follows the 4th edition ASX Corporate Governance Council’s Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations in this
Statement. This Statement has been approved by the Board and is current as at 30 September 2023.




                                                                                                                                                       Additional

                                                                                                                                                      information




                                                                                                                        2023 Annual Report      63
Board of Directors
Board of Directors
Details of NAB directors in office at the date of this report,
including each director’s qualifications, experience and other
directorships and interests are below.
                                                                     Mr Ross McEwan CBE
The Board acknowledges that directors benefit from being
involved in a broad range of governance roles provided               BBus
directors have the capacity to devote sufficient time and
effort to fulfil their NAB responsibilities. The Chair, with the   Term of office: Group Chief Executive Officer and Managing
assistance of the Nomination & Governance Committee, has           Director since December 2019.
determined each director meets this requirement.
                                                                   Independent: No
                                                                   Industry experience: Ross has more than 30 years of
                                                                   experience in the financial services industry, spanning
                                                                   banking, insurance and investment. Prior to joining NAB, Ross
     Mr Philip Chronican                                           was Group CEO of the Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) from
     BCom (Hons), MBA                                              2013 to 2019. Prior to joining RBS, he held executive roles at
     (Dist),GAICD, SF Fin                                          Commonwealth Bank of Australia, First NZ Capital Securities
                                                                   and National Mutual Life Association of Australasia / AXA New
                                                                   Zealand. From this experience, Ross brings a strong focus
Term of office: Chair and independent non-executive
                                                                   on customers, business performance, capital management,
director. Non-executive director since May 2016 and Chair
                                                                   technology transformation, risk management, and people and
of the Board and the Board’s Nomination & Governance
                                                                   culture to his current role.
Committee since November 2019.
                                                                   Other business and market experience: Ross has deep
Independent: Yes
                                                                   experience in leading organisations through significant
Industry experience: Philip has more than 40 years of              change and recovery.
experience in banking and financial services in Australia and
                                                                   Other relevant interests: Ross' other interests include
New Zealand. Before his retirement from executive roles,
                                                                   Australian Banking Association (Director) and the Financial
Philip was responsible for leading ANZ’s Australian retail and
                                                                   Markets Foundation for Children (Director).
commercial banking business. Prior to that, he had a long
career at Westpac, including as the Chief Financial Officer and
leading Westpac’s institutional banking business.
During his career as a banking executive, Philip gained
deep experience in strategy, business performance,
transformation, operations, risk management, capital                 Mr David Armstrong
management, financial reporting, stakeholder engagement,             BBus, FCA, MAICD
and people and culture. He also gained broad experience in
technology, M&A activity and post-merger integration.
                                                                   Term of office: Independent non-executive director since
Philip has taken an active and public role in advocating for       August 2014. Chair of the Board's Audit Committee and member
greater transparency and ethics in banking and promoting           of the Board's Risk & Compliance Committee. David will retire
workforce diversity. Philip has also developed his knowledge       at NAB's 2023 AGM in December having served three terms of
and takes a strong interest in climate change and the impact       three years on the Board.
on customers and the economy.
                                                                   Independent: Yes
Other business and market experience: Philip started his
                                                                   Industry experience: David has a deep understanding of
career as an economist and continues to take a deep
                                                                   banking and capital markets gained throughout his career in
interest in domestic and international economics. Through his
                                                                   professional services, particularly auditing banks and other
executive and non-executive career, Philip has had extensive
                                                                   financial services’ providers. David is deeply experienced
experience in governance practices.
                                                                   in accounting, auditing, financial and regulatory reporting,
Directorships of other listed entities:                            regulation, risk management, capital management and
Woolworths Group Limited (since October 2021)                      governance practices.
Other relevant interests: Philip’s other interests include The     Other business and market experience: David has more than
Westmead Institute for Medical Research (Chair) and the            30 years of experience in professional services, including
National Foundation for Australia-China Relations Advisory         as a partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC). As well as
Board (Member).                                                    a deep understanding of banking, David gained significant
                                                                   knowledge of real estate and infrastructure industries during
                                                                   his professional services career, as well as international
                                                                   experience in North America, Europe and Asia.
                                                                   Directorships of other listed entities:
                                                                   IAG Limited (since September 2021)
                                                                   Other relevant interests: David’s other interests include The
                                                                   George Institute for Global Health (Chair) and Opera Australia
                                                                   Capital Fund Limited (Director).




64     National Australia Bank
Board of Directors (cont.)




                                                                    prominent US multinationals in media, entertainment and
                                                                    technology companies in Asia-Pacific. Most recently she
                                                                    served as the Managing Director of the NBCUniversal Global
  Ms Kathryn Fagg AO                                                Networks and Direct to Consumer business in Asia-Pacific,                   About
                                                                    overseeing Pay-TV, television and digital services, where she
                                                                                                                                             this report
  FTSE, BE(Hons), MCom
                                                                    also served on corporate boards. Prior to that, she held
  (Hons)
                                                                    leadership positions at Comcast International Media Group,
                                                                    Turner Broadcasting System and Omnicom Group.
Term of office: Independent non-executive director since
                                                                    Christine has a deep understanding of navigating strategic
December 2019. Member of the Board's Risk & Compliance and
                                                                    digital transformation while serving broad customer and
People & Remuneration Committees.

                                                                                                                                             Our business
                                                                    community interests. Her expertise lies in strategy
Independent: Yes                                                    development, business performance, customer experience,
Industry experience: During her executive career, Kathryn           stakeholder engagement and organisational culture, as well

                                                                                                                                                in 2023
had first-hand banking experience through operational and           as high competency in data and analytics.
strategic leadership roles at ANZ. She also served on the           Former directorships of other listed entities in the past
Board of the Reserve Bank of Australia.                             3 years:
Other business and market experience: Kathryn has more              VIQ Solutions(1) (from 2022 to August 2023)
than 25 years of senior commercial and operational leadership
                                                                    Other relevant interests: Christine co-founded NINEby9 Pte




                                                                                                                                                Creating value
experience in a range of industries, holding executive roles
                                                                    Ltd, a Singapore based company dedicated to research and
with Linfox Logistics, Bluescope Steel and ANZ.
                                                                    advocacy for gender equality in organisations in Asia. As a
During her executive career in banking and other industries,        director of the company, she actively works towards fostering
Kathryn gained deep experience in strategy, business                inclusivity and empowering women in the workplace.
performance, risk management, customer experience,
corporate development, stakeholder engagement, and people
and culture, in a variety of jurisdictions across Asia as well as
in Australia and New Zealand.

                                                                                                                                             Corporate
Kathryn has had an active non-executive career across
                                                                      Mr Peeyush Gupta AM
industries including science and innovation, manufacturing,
                                                                      BA, MBA, AMP (Harvard)
industrials, macroeconomics and public policy, and the                                                                                      Governance
investment sector. In these roles, Kathryn has developed
strong experience across a broad range of ESG matters.              Term of office: Independent non-executive director since                Statement
Directorships of other listed entities:                             November 2014. Member of the Board's Audit and Risk &
                                                                    Compliance Committees. Peeyush will retire at NAB's 2023 AGM
Djerriwarrh Investments Limited (since May 2014)                    in December having served three terms of three years on
Medibank Private Limited (since March 2022)                         the Board.

                                                                                                                                                Risk
Former directorships of other listed entities in the past           Independent: Yes
3 years:                                                            Industry experience: Peeyush has more than 30 years of

                                                                                                                                             management
Boral Limited (from September 2014 to July 2021)                    experience in financial services, with a particular focus
                                                                    on wealth management. Peeyush was a co-founder and
Other relevant interests: Kathryn’s other interests include
                                                                    the inaugural CEO of IPAC Securities, a wealth management
CSIRO (Chair), Breast Cancer Network Australia (Chair),
                                                                    firm spanning financial advice and institutional portfolio
Watertrust Australia Limited (Chair), The Grattan Institute
                                                                    management, which was acquired by AXA. During his executive
(Director), The Myer Foundation (Director) and Champions of
                                                                    career, Peeyush gained deep experience in strategy, business

                                                                                                                                               Report of
Change Coalition (Director).
                                                                    performance, risk management, fiduciary governance and
                                                                    stakeholder engagement.


                                                                                                                                             the Directors
                                                                    Other business and market experience: Peeyush has
                                                                    significant governance experience as a director on a range
                                                                    of listed, government, private and public sector boards
  Ms Christine Fellowes                                             throughout his executive and non-executive career.
  BE, MAICD
                                                                    Directorships of other listed entities:




                                                                                                                                                Financial report
                                                                    Link Administration Holdings Limited (Link Group) (since
Term of office: Independent non-executive director since            November 2016)
June 2023. Member of the Board's Customer Committee.                Charter Hall WALE Limited (since May 2016)
Christine will stand for election at the 2023 AGM.                  Other relevant interests: Peeyush’s other interests include
Independent: Yes                                                    Charter Hall Direct Property Management Limited (Chair),
Industry experience: Christine has more than 30 years of            Special Broadcasting Service Corporation (Director), Northern
experience leading businesses across strategy, marketing,           Territory Aboriginal Investment Corporation (Director),
product and brand development, operations and profit and            Chartered Accountants Australia & New Zealand (Director) and
loss (P&L), driving digital transformation within multinational     Cancer Council NSW (Director).

                                                                                                                                              Additional
organisations in media, communications and technology.
Other business and market experience: Christine has
extensive experience in leading growth businesses across
                                                                                                                                             information
regional expansion, strategy, operations and P&L roles for
 (1) Listed on TSX and NASDAQ.


                                                                                                                  2023 Annual Report   65
Board of Directors (cont.)




                                                                   Alison’s experience extends to providing advice in areas
                                                                   including audit, transaction support, risk management, internal
                                                                   controls, business processes and regulatory change to a wide
     Ms Carolyn Kay                                                range of industries, including financial services.
     LLB, BA, GradDip                                              Other business and market experience: Alison has worked in
     Management, FAICD                                             geographically diverse and complex operating environments
                                                                   and provided advice to industries including energy, mining,
                                                                   transport and consumer goods, as well as financial services.
Term of office: Independent non-executive director since July
2023. Member of the Board's Risk & Compliance Committee.           Other relevant interests: Alison's other interests include
                                                                   Business Council of Australia (Director and Chair of
Carolyn will stand for election at the 2023 AGM.
                                                                   Macroeconomic Committee) and Australian National University
Independent: Yes                                                   (Council Member and Chair of Audit and Risk Committee).
Industry experience: Carolyn has more than 30 years’
experience in the financial services sector in executive and
non-executive roles. Carolyn was a lawyer and banker whose
work history included Morgan Stanley, JP Morgan and Linklaters
& Paines in London, New York and Australia. She has held
                                                                     Ms Anne Loveridge AM
a number of industry related non-executive director roles
                                                                     BA (Hons), FCA, GAICD
including Commonwealth Bank of Australia, The Future Fund,
Treasury Corporation of Victoria, Victorian Funds Management
Corporation and Colonial State Bank.                               Term of office: Independent non-executive director since
Other business and market experience: Carolyn has been             December 2015. Chair of the Board's People & Remuneration
and remains a non-executive director of enterprises across         Committee and member of the Board's Nomination &
a broad range of industries. She was previously a Guardian         Governance and Customer Committees.
of Australia’s sovereign fund, The Future Fund (2015 to 2023)      Independent: Yes
and a panel member of the Commonwealth Retirement Income           Industry experience: Anne has a strong understanding
Review (2019 to 2020). In the public sector, Carolyn is a member   of banking and financial services, including in the areas
of the Foreign Investment Review Board and in the not-for-         of financial and regulatory reporting, accounting, risk
profit sector, she is on the board of the General Sir John         management, change management and governance, gained
Monash Foundation and Sydney Grammar School.                       throughout her career as an audit partner, consultant and
During her executive and non-executive careers,                    non-executive director in this sector.
Carolyn gained deep experience in banking, governance,             Other business and market experience: Anne has more than
risk management, business performance, stakeholder                 30 years of experience in professional services, including as
engagement, people and culture, and public policy.                 Deputy Chair at PwC. During her career as a senior executive
Carolyn was awarded a Centenary Medal for services to              and partner, Anne gained deep experience in business
Australian society in business leadership.                         performance, client experience, stakeholder engagement,
Directorships of other listed entities:                            governance, and people and culture. This included a
                                                                   particular focus on business growth and change management,
Scentre Group Limited (since February 2016)                        leadership development and succession, performance and
Other relevant interests: Carolyn's other interests include        reward frameworks and promoting increased diversity.
Rothschild & Co Australia (Chair), Myer Family Investments         Directorships of other listed entities:
(Director), Foreign Investment Review Board (Member), General
Sir John Monash Foundation (Director) and Sydney Grammar           nib Holdings Limited (since February 2017)
School (Trustee).                                                  Platinum Asset Management Limited (since September 2016)
                                                                   Other relevant interests: Anne’s other interests include
                                                                   Destination NSW (Board Member).



     Ms Alison Kitchen
     BA (Hons), FCA, MAICD


Term of office: Independent non-executive director since
September 2023. Member of the Board's Audit Committee.
Alison will stand for election at the 2023 AGM.
Independent: Yes
Industry experience: Alison has more than 30 years’
experience in a variety of management and governance roles
within the KPMG partnership, as well as serving as lead external
audit partner for a range of ASX-listed organisations, including
five ASX Top 50 companies with global operations. Alison was
the National Chair of KPMG Australia and a member of KPMG’s
Global and Regional boards having responsibility for the overall
governance and strategic positioning of the firm.




66     National Australia Bank
Board of Directors (cont.)




                                                                      matters, client experience, stakeholder engagement, and
                                                                      people and culture.

                                                                                                                                               About
                                                                      Other business and market experience: Simon has broad
  Mr Douglas McKay ONZM                                               experience from a range of governance roles in private, public

                                                                                                                                            this report
  BA, AMP (Harvard) CMinstD                                           and social sectors. This includes experience gained as former
  (NZ)                                                                Chair of MYOB Limited, CSIRO, MS Research Australia and a
                                                                      Federal Government Panel that completed a strategic review
                                                                      of health and medical research in 2013.
Term of office: Independent non-executive director since
February 2016. Member of the Board's Audit and Customer               Simon is an active philanthropist and has contributed over
Committees. Chair and independent non-executive director of           many years to charitable, educational, public health, social

                                                                                                                                            Our business
BNZ, a major subsidiary of NAB.                                       housing and other community-based organisations and
                                                                      social causes.
Independent: Yes

                                                                                                                                               in 2023
                                                                      Simon has a strong interest in ESG matters, gained through
Industry experience: Doug has gained industry experience
                                                                      his broad range of roles and experiences. Simon is the Chair
as Chair of BNZ since 2016 (and non-executive director since
                                                                      of the Australian Industry Energy Transitions Initiative and was
2013). This has supplemented Doug’s extensive experience in
                                                                      the inaugural President of the Australian Takeovers Panel and
business performance, capital management, risk management
                                                                      the Banking and Finance Oath’s Review Panel.
and stakeholder engagement with banking context.
                                                                      Directorships of other listed entities:




                                                                                                                                               Creating value
Other business and market experience: Doug has more
than 30 years of experience in commercial and leadership              Rio Tinto Group (since January 2019)
roles in manufacturing and distribution businesses across             Other relevant interests: Simon’s other interests include
Australasia having held CEO and Managing Director positions           Monash University (Chancellor), Greater South East Melbourne
in major trans-Tasman companies including Lion Nathan,                (Chair), The Big Issue (Advisory Board Member) and GFG Alliance
Carter Holt Harvey, Goodman Fielder, Sealord and Independent          Australia (Advisory Board Member).
Liquor. He was the inaugural CEO of the amalgamated Auckland
Council. During his executive career, Doug gained deep
commercial, business performance, customer, marketing, risk
management and stakeholder engagement experience. Doug                                                                                      Corporate
has private equity experience and a deep understanding of
New Zealand and Australian markets.                                     Ms Ann Sherry AO                                                   Governance
                                                                        BA, Grad Dip IR, FAICD, FIPAA
Directorships of other listed entities:                                                                                                    Statement
Fletcher Building Limited(1)(since September 2018)
Vector Limited (since September 2022, Chair since                     Term of office: Independent non-executive director since
September 2023)                                                       November 2017. Chair of the Board's Customer Committee and
                                                                      member of the Board's People & Remuneration Committee.

                                                                                                                                               Risk
Former directorships of other listed entities in the past             Co-Chair of NAB's Indigenous Advisory Group.
3 years:                                                              Ann will stand for re-election at the 2023 AGM.


                                                                                                                                            management
Genesis Energy Limited(1) (from June 2014 to September 2022)          Independent: Yes
Other relevant interests: Doug is a Director of IAG (NZ)              Industry experience: Ann had a 12 year banking career at
Holdings Limited.                                                     Westpac in senior business and people and culture leadership
                                                                      roles, including as divisional CEO for Westpac New Zealand and
                                                                      Bank of Melbourne, and Group Executive, People & Culture. In
                                                                      these roles, Ann gained deep experience in strategy, business

                                                                                                                                              Report of
                                                                      performance, operations, risk management, customer
                                                                      experience, stakeholder engagement, and people and culture,
  Mr Simon McKeon AO

                                                                                                                                            the Directors
                                                                      with a strong focus on diversity and inclusion. She also gained
  BCom, LLB, FAICD
                                                                      broad experience in technology, capital management and
                                                                      marketing. Ann also served as a director on the ING Group
Term of office: Independent non-executive director since              Supervisory Board and as a director of ING DIRECT Australia.
February 2020. Chair of the Board’s Risk & Compliance                 Other business and market experience: Ann has significant
Committee and member of the Board's Nomination &                      experience in executive roles within the tourism and transport




                                                                                                                                               Financial report
Governance Committee.                                                 industries in Australia and New Zealand, as well as in
Simon will stand for re-election at the 2023 AGM.                     government and public service. She served as CEO and Chair
Independent: Yes                                                      of Carnival Australia, the largest cruise ship operator in
                                                                      Australasia and the South Pacific. Earlier in her career, Ann was
Industry experience: Simon has more than 40 years of                  First Assistant Secretary of the Office of the Status of Women
experience in a wide range of sectors including financial             advising the Prime Minister on policies and programmes to
services, law, government and charities. During his executive         improve the status of women.
career, he held investment banking leadership roles within
Macquarie Group, including as Executive Chair of its business         Ann is an active philanthropist and has contributed over many
                                                                      years to charitable and social causes. Ann has a deep interest
                                                                                                                                             Additional
in Victoria. In his non-executive career, Simon served as
AMP Limited Chair (2014-2016) (and non-executive director             in ESG matters, with particular interests and experience in
2013-2016). Through these roles in the financial services             diversity and Indigenous matters.
industry, Simon has gained deep experience in strategy,
                                                                                                                                            information
business performance, risk management, legal and regulatory
 (1) Dual-listed on the New Zealand and Australian stock exchanges.


                                                                                                                 2023 Annual Report   67
Board of Directors (cont.)




Directorships of other listed entities:
Enero Group Limited (Chair since January 2020)

Former directorships of other listed entities in the past
3 years:
Sydney Airport (from May 2014 to March 2022)
Other relevant interests: Ann’s other interests include
Queensland University of Technology (Chancellor), UNICEF
Australia (Chair), Port of Townsville (Chair) and Queensland
Airports Limited (Chair).

Company Secretaries
The Group Company Secretary provides advice and support
to the Board, and is accountable to the Board, through the
Chair, for all matters relating to the proper functioning of the
Board and its committees. The Group Company Secretary is
responsible for advising the Board on governance matters
and ensuring compliance with Board and Board committee
charters and procedures.
The Group Company Secretary (and assistant company
secretaries) are appointed and removed by the Board.
Details of company secretaries of NAB in office at the date of
this report and each company secretary’s qualifications and
experience are below.
Louise Thomson BBus (Dist), FGIA joined the Group in 2000 and
was appointed Group Company Secretary in May 2013. Louise
is Secretary to the Board and the Nomination & Governance
Committee. She has experience in a wide range of finance,
risk, regulatory and governance matters.
Penelope MacRae BA (Hons), LLB (Hons) joined the Group
in 2011 as a Senior Corporate Lawyer and was appointed
Company Secretary in December 2016. Penny is the Secretary
of the Board's Risk & Compliance Committee and is responsible
for managing the Group's Executive-level Risk Committees.
She has experience in a wide range of corporate, legal,
governance, risk and regulatory matters.
Tricia Conte BCom, LLB (Hons) joined the Group in 2006 and
was appointed Company Secretary in November 2018. Tricia is
the Secretary to the Board Audit Committee. She is a Special
Counsel in the Legal team and advises the Group on a wide
range of legal, corporate, governance and regulatory matters.
Ricardo Vasquez BSc, LLB, ACIS joined the Group in 2020 and
was appointed Company Secretary in March 2021. Mr Vasquez
resigned as Company Secretary in July 2023.




68   National Australia Bank
Executive Leadership Team
Executive Leadership Team
Details of NAB's Executive Leadership Team members in office at the date of this report are below.
                                                                                                                                            About

                                                                                                                                         this report


  Ross McEwan CBE                                                    Nathan Goonan
  BBus                                                               BCom, BAgrSc (Hons)


Refer to the Board of Directors on page 64 for Ross                Nathan Goonan was appointed as Group Chief Financial Officer          Our business
McEwan's biography.                                                in July 2023. Nathan joined NAB in 2004 before working in

                                                                                                                                            in 2023
                                                                   investment banking. Since re-joining NAB in 2013, Nathan has
                                                                   held several executive-level roles in corporate strategy and
                                                                   mergers and acquisitions, including Group Executive Strategy
                                                                   and Innovation.

  Sharon Cook




                                                                                                                                            Creating value
  BA, LLB (Hons)


Sharon Cook was appointed Group Executive, Legal and
                                                                     Daniel Huggins
Commercial Services in April 2017. She is responsible for Legal,
                                                                     BCom (Hons), MBA, MEM
Governance, Regulatory Affairs, Customer Complaints, the
Office of the Customer Advocate and Customer Remediation
at NAB. Sharon has more than 30 years of experience as a           Daniel Huggins was appointed as BNZ Managing Director and
lawyer. For over 8 years before joining NAB, Sharon led major      Chief Executive Officer in October 2021. Daniel has 17 years of
commercial law firms.                                              experience in banking, corporate and financial services. Since
                                                                                                                                         Corporate
                                                                   joining BNZ in 2020, Daniel held an executive-level role focused
                                                                   on customer, products and services. Prior to joining BNZ,            Governance
                                                                                                                                        Statement
                                                                   Daniel worked at the Commonwealth Bank of Australia and
                                                                   McKinsey & Company.

  Shaun Dooley
  BEc, MS


                                                                                                                                            Risk
                                                                     Andrew Irvine
Shaun Dooley was appointed Group Chief Risk Officer in
                                                                     BSc Business Management
October 2018. Prior to his current role, Shaun was Group

                                                                                                                                         management
                                                                     (Hons), MBA
Treasurer and he has also led the Institutional Banking,
Corporate Finance and Financial Institutions teams. Shaun
joined NAB in 1992 as a relationship banker in the Corporate       Andrew Irvine was appointed as Group Executive, Business and
Banking group. Prior to joining NAB, Shaun worked for Chase        Private Banking in September 2020. Andrew has 15 years of
Manhattan Bank Australia and Elders Finance Group.                 experience in customer solutions and business banking. Prior
                                                                   to joining NAB, he worked at Bank of Montreal where he was

                                                                                                                                           Report of
                                                                   Head of Canadian Business Banking.



  David Gall                                                                                                                             the Directors
  BSc, BBus, MBA (Exec)
                                                                     Les Matheson
                                                                     BCom (Hons)
David Gall was appointed Group Executive, Corporate and




                                                                                                                                            Financial report
Institutional Banking in October 2018. David has over 30 years
of experience in corporate, business and retail banking,           Les Matheson was appointed as Group Chief Operating Officer
working capital services, risk and payments. Since joining NAB     in January 2021 and was appointed Group Executive, Digital,
in 2008, David has held executive roles in Corporate Banking       Data and Chief Operating Officer with effect from 1 November
and Specialised Business, Global Transaction Banking and           2023. Les has 26 years of experience in banking and finance
Payments, and as Group Chief Risk Officer. Prior to joining NAB,   across Europe and Asia Pacific. Prior to joining NAB, he was
David was a Group Executive of Strategy and Retail Business        CEO of the Retail Bank at RBS and was also responsible for
at St George Bank. David is a Senior Fellow of the Financial       Ulster Bank in Ireland. Les had a long career with Citigroup,
Services Institute of Australasia (FINSIA).                        including Chief Country Officer for Australia. He is a Certified

                                                                                                                                          Additional
                                                                   Bank Director (The Institute of Bankers UK) and a Fellow of the
                                                                   Chartered Bankers Institute (UK).

                                                                                                                                         information




                                                                                                              2023 Annual Report   69
Executive Leadership Team (cont.)




                                                                  Former Executive Leadership Team members
                                                                  Three Executive Leadership Team members retired in the
                                                                  period between 30 September 2023 and the date of this
                                                                  report. They are reported as Key Management Personnel for
     Rachel Slade                                                 2023 in the Remuneration Report.
     BEc (Hons)


Rachel Slade was appointed as Group Executive, Personal
Banking in April 2020. Rachel has over 20 years of experience
in banking. Since joining NAB in 2017, Rachel has held              Susan Ferrier
several executive-level roles in deposits and transaction           BA, LLB, MBA
services, and customer experience, and joined the Executive
Leadership Team in October 2018. Prior to joining NAB, she
                                                                  Susan Ferrier was Group Executive, People and Culture
held several executive-level positions at Westpac, including in
                                                                  from October 2019 to August 2023. Susan has over 30
Global Transactional Services and in the Retail and Business
                                                                  years of international experience in culture and people
divisions. Rachel is a graduate of the Women’s Leadership
                                                                  strategy across financial services, professional services and
program at Harvard Business School.
                                                                  technology sectors. Prior to joining NAB, Susan was Global
                                                                  Head of People at KPMG responsible for the global talent
                                                                  strategy and leading teams in Global HR, Global Learning
                                                                  and Development, Global Citizenship and Global Inclusion and
                                                                  Diversity. Susan announced her retirement from the Group in
                                                                  July 2023, effective from 31 October 2023.
     Sarah White


Sarah White was appointed as Group Executive, People &
Culture in August 2023. Sarah joined the NAB Executive
Leadership Team after more than five years as Chief of              Gary Lennon
Staff to the Group Chief Executive Officer. Prior to that           BEc (Hons)
she was Executive General Manager, Talent and Leadership,
in addition to a number of other key executive roles in
                                                                  Gary Lennon was Group Chief Financial Officer from March 2016
People & Culture. Sarah has extensive experience in business
                                                                  to June 2023 and was previously Executive General Manager,
partnering, coaching executives and senior leaders, leading
                                                                  Finance and Chief Financial Officer Wholesale Banking. Prior
complex change and business transformation.
                                                                  to joining NAB in 2008, Gary spent a combined 18 years in a
                                                                  number of global senior finance executive roles with Deutsche
                                                                  Bank and KPMG. Gary is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered
                                                                  Accountants. Gary announced his retirement from the Group
                                                                  in March 2023, effective from 1 October 2023.
     Patrick Wright
     BBA, BMIS


Patrick was appointed to the role of Group Executive,
Technology and Enterprise Operations in April 2017. Prior to        Angela Mentis
joining NAB, Patrick was Chief Operations and Technology            BBus
Officer at Barclaycard and Chief Operations Officer at Barclays
Americas. Patrick has more than 30 years of experience in
                                                                  Angela Mentis was Group Chief Digital, Data and Analytics
the banking and technology sectors, giving him extensive
                                                                  Officer from October 2021 to October 2023. Angela has over
experience in driving major transformations in large financial
                                                                  30 years of banking experience, including as the Managing
services companies.
                                                                  Director and Chief Executive Officer of BNZ. Angela has also
                                                                  served as NAB’s Chief Customer Officer – Business and Private
                                                                  Banking, and as Group Executive, Business Banking. Angela
                                                                  has held senior positions at BT Financial Group, Westpac and
                                                                  Citibank Limited, after starting at Macquarie Bank. She is a
                                                                  Senior Fellow of FINSIA. Angela announced her retirement from
                                                                  the Group in October 2023, effective from 1 November 2023.




70     National Australia Bank
Board roles and responsibilities
The Board guides the strategic direction of NAB and represents shareholders’ interests by overseeing activities that create

                                                                                                                                                      About
sustainable value.
The roles and responsibilities of the Board, including the matters that are specifically reserved to the Board and those delegated

                                                                                                                                                   this report
to management, are set out in the Board Charter which is available in the Corporate Governance section at nab.com.au/about-
us/corporate-governance. Key elements of the Board’s roles and responsibilities are described below.
The Board Charter sets out the specific responsibilities of the Chair. The Chair’s primary responsibility is to lead the Board and
oversee the processes used by the Board in performing it's role.
The Board delegates certain powers to Board committees to help it fulfil its roles and responsibilities. Committee roles and


                                                                                                                                                   Our business
responsibilities are set out in the respective charters and Board Committee Operating Rules, which are also available in the
Corporate Governance section at nab.com.au/about-us/corporate-governance.
The Board has delegated management of the Company to the Group CEO. Except for any specific powers reserved by the Board,

                                                                                                                                                      in 2023
or matters specifically delegated by the Board to others, the Group CEO may make all decisions and take any necessary action
to carry out the management of the Group. The Group CEO is accountable to the Board in exercising this delegated authority. The
Board Charter also sets out the responsibilities of the Group CEO.

 Key element          Board's roles and responsibilities




                                                                                                                                                      Creating value
 Leadership and       •   Represent shareholders and serve the interests of the Company by overseeing and evaluating the Company’s
 stakeholder focus        strategies, performance, frameworks and policies.
                      •   Ensure that stakeholders are kept informed of the Company’s performance and major developments affecting
                          its state of affairs.
                      •   Approve the Company’s purpose, values and Code of Conduct to underpin the desired culture within
                          the Company and oversee that the Company’s culture is focused on sound risk management and
                          customer outcomes.
                      •   Oversee that an appropriate framework exists for relevant information to be reported by management to the
                          Board and whenever required challenge management and hold it to account.
                      •   With the guidance of the Customer Committee, oversee the importance given to the voice of the customer and               Corporate
                                                                                                                                                  Governance
                          the focus on customer outcomes.
 Strategy             •   Guide the strategic direction of the Company and monitor the execution of strategies and business
 and performance          performance to oversee that sustainable value is being built for shareholders. This includes business                   Statement
                          unit strategies and strategies for critical enablers such as technology, digital, data and analytics, and
                          human capital.
                      •   Make decisions concerning capital structure and dividend policy.
                      •   Approve major capital expenditure and other major business initiatives.


                                                                                                                                                      Risk
 External reporting   •   With the guidance of the Audit Committee, review and approve the Group's annual and half yearly financial
                          statements, other sections of the Annual Report and any reports that accompany them, including the
                          Climate Report.

                                                                                                                                                   management
                      •   With the guidance of the Audit Committee, review management processes aimed at ensuring the integrity of
                          financial, regulatory and other corporate reporting.
 Risk management      •   With the guidance of the Risk & Compliance Committee, satisfy itself that the Group has in place an appropriate
                          Risk Management Framework for financial and non-financial risks by overseeing related frameworks and
                          internal compliance and control systems. This includes risk management related to financial crime, technology,
                          information security, cyber resilience and sustainability, including environmental and human rights risks.

                                                                                                                                                     Report of
 Remuneration         •   With the guidance of the People & Remuneration Committee, review and approve the Group’s remuneration
                          framework including remuneration policy and satisfy itself that the remuneration framework and outcomes are


                                                                                                                                                   the Directors
                          aligned with the Company’s purpose, values, strategic objectives and risk appetite.
 Appointment and      •   Appoint a Group CEO and Managing Director and approve key executive appointments.
 succession           •   Monitor and review executive succession planning.
 planning
                      •   With the guidance of the Nomination & Governance Committee, plan for Board renewal, appoint non-executive
                          directors to the Board and select a Chair.




                                                                                                                                                      Financial report




                                                                                                                                                    Additional

                                                                                                                                                   information




                                                                                                                        2023 Annual Report   71
Key Board activities
Key Board activities in 2023
•    Strategy and business performance – The Board remains focused on creating sustainable shareholder value. At each major
     Board meeting, the Board received reports on business performance and execution of the Group’s strategy to monitor
     progress. The Board periodically received reports on execution of strategies at a business unit level to understand operating
     context, as well as specific strategic initiatives, such as business acquisitions and integration, digital, data and analytics and
     technology plans. The Board also reviewed and approved the Group’s corporate plan, after having several sessions with
     management on strategy development.
•    Technology - The Board remains focused on technology as a critical enabler of NAB’s business. At each major Board
     meeting, the Board received reports from the Group Executive, Technology & Enterprise Operations, as well as updates on
     the execution of NAB’s technology strategy. The Board undertook a study tour focused on core banking modernisation,
     payments, cyber security and innovation, and participated in workshops with external experts and management on a
     range of technology-related topics, including cyber resilience, information security, external technology developments, data
     fundamentals and generative AI.
•    Financial and capital management – The Board remains focused on business momentum, supporting customers and driving
     growth, which requires prudent balance sheet and capital management. The Board received regular reports on financial
     performance, capital, funding and liquidity. The Board approved the 2022 full year and 2023 half year financial reports,
     the 2022 final and 2023 interim dividends, the capital management strategy and on-market buy-back programs. The Board
     also participated in workshops on capital adequacy and stress testing, balance sheet risk management, capital and credit
     provisioning and discussed lessons from bank failures in other geographies.
•    Risk management – The Board remains focused on risk management, governance, accountability and culture. This focus
     requires strong risk governance and an effective Risk Management Framework operated by management. The Board received
     regular reports from the Group Chief Risk Officer on financial and non-financial risks, including emerging risks and issues,
     and from the Group Money Laundering Reporting Officer on financial crime risk. The Board approved the risk management
     strategy, the risk appetite statement and policies for managing financial and non-financial risks. The management of financial
     crime risks, cyber and technology risks, and environmental and social risks were areas of focus, as well as emerging risks
     related to the economic and geopolitical environment and climate vulnerability.
•    People and culture – The Board remains focused on engaged, capable colleagues who are aligned to the Group’s values,
     purpose and strategy. The Board received regular reports from the Group Executive, People and Culture on people-related
     matters, including progress in the execution of the colleague strategy and achieving NAB’s target culture, and health, safety
     and wellbeing. The Board held workshops on leadership and succession planning and met with a range of senior leaders
     in formal and informal settings. The Board approved scorecards and performance outcomes for the Group CEO, Group
     Executives and certain other senior executives. The Board also approved the Group Performance Indicators used for the
     Group Variable Reward Plan and determined the final outcome.
•    Customers – The Board and directors met with customers and customer advocates (internal and external) throughout the
     year to hear their feedback and perspectives. The Board also focused on matters impacting customers, including customer
     vulnerability, scams, servicing experience, cyber risks, integration of acquisitions, digital customer experience, product
     governance, compliance with product and conduct obligations and customer remediation. The Board met with the Australian
     Financial Complaints Authority to obtain feedback and share perspectives on priorities and industry risks and issues.
•    Environmental and social – The Board debated and reviewed the Group’s decarbonisation targets to meet NAB's Net Zero
     Banking Alliance commitment, after investing time in education on climate change transition. The Chair and Group CEO met
     customers to hear about their approach to climate transition. The Board also met with external experts to deepen the
     Board’s understanding of Indigenous affairs, including NAB's Reconciliation Action Plan and the Voice to Parliament. The Board
     discussed human rights issues, approved the Modern Slavery Statement and received updates on the Group’s social impact
     program and NAB Foundation.
•    Regulatory and stakeholder engagement – The Board remains focused on maintaining solid relationships with regulators and
     other stakeholders. The Board received regular reports on regulatory engagement, government engagement, key legal and
     regulatory matters, and trust and reputation. The Board met with the Group’s main regulators throughout the year to obtain
     feedback and share perspectives on priorities, industry risks and issues, and reform. The Group's Enforceable Undertaking
     with AUSTRAC was a key area of focus.




72     National Australia Bank
Key Board activities (cont.)




Board meetings
Board meetings are an essential part of corporate governance at NAB. They are the main way for the Board to have oversight

                                                                                                                                                                             About
of the Group’s strategy and performance and allow the Board to set expectations of management. The Board approves its
calendar of meetings two years in advance to ensure that directors can attend meetings. The Board has six major multi-day

                                                                                                                                                                          this report
meetings each year, which include committee meetings and strategy sessions, as well as other minor meetings during the year
for specific purposes. Out-of-cycle Board meetings are convened as needed for time-critical matters.
The Board’s priorities and responsibilities drive comprehensive planning and agenda-setting for meetings. The agenda
forward planner is set at the start of the year and regularly updated to reflect priorities. The forward planner is the key
framework for Board reporting and is used to balance time allocated to strategic and business topics, as well as regulatory
and legal obligations. Recurring agenda items include business performance, strategy execution and development, capital

                                                                                                                                                                          Our business
management, financial reporting, risk management, people and culture, regulatory and other stakeholder engagement and ESG
matters. Unstructured time is also factored into Board meetings and there is flexibility for ad hoc matters to be raised. Meetings
with NAB’s main regulators are also planned at the start of the year. Agendas are reviewed by the Chair, in consultation with the

                                                                                                                                                                             in 2023
Group CEO. The same approach is adopted for forward planning and agenda-setting for each of the Board’s Committees, which
are reviewed by respective Chairs in consultation with the relevant Group Executive.

Attendance at meetings
Details of director attendance at Board and committee meetings in 2023 are set out below.




                                                                                                                                                                             Creating value
All directors receive copies of agendas, papers and minutes of committee meetings to help ensure they have equal access
to that information regardless of whether they are appointed to a particular committee. All directors may attend committee
meetings even if they are not a member of a committee. The table below excludes the attendance of directors at committee
meetings where they were not a committee member.

                                                                                Risk &               People &                                    Nomination &
                                                          Audit               Compliance           Remuneration             Customer             Governance
                                   Board                Committee             Committee             Committee               Committee             Committee
                                 meetings(1)(2)          meetings              meetings              meetings                meetings              meetings

                                                                                                                                                                          Corporate
                                  Attended /            Attended /             Attended /            Attended /             Attended /             Attended /
                                     Held                  Held                   Held                  Held                   Held                   Held
 Current directors                                                                                                                                                       Governance
                                                                                                                                                                         Statement
 Phil Chronican                       10/10                   -                      -                     -                      -                     6/6
 Ross McEwan                          10/10                   -                      -                     -                      -                      -
 David Armstrong                      10/10                  5/5                   6/6                     -                      -                      -
 Kathryn Fagg(3)                      10/10                  2/2                   6/6                    6/6                     -                      -
 Christine Fellowes(4)                 3/3                    -                                            -                     2/2                     -

                                                                                                                                                                             Risk
 Peeyush Gupta(3)                     10/10                  3/3                   6/6                    2/2                     -                      -
 Carolyn Kay  (5)
                                       2/2                    -                    2/2                     -                      -                      -

                                                                                                                                                                          management
 Alison Kitchen(6)                      -                     -                      -                     -                      -                      -
 Anne Loveridge(7)                    10/10                   -                      -                    7/8                    5/5                    6/6
 Doug McKay                           10/10                  5/5                     -                     -                     5/5                     -
 Simon McKeon                         10/10                   -                    6/6                     -                      -                     6/6
 Ann Sherry                           10/10                   -                      -                    8/8                    5/5                     -

                                                                                                                                                                            Report of
 (1) There were six major Board meetings and four minor Board meetings scheduled in the Board’s calendar for 2023. No Board meetings were convened outside of the
     scheduled Board calendar.



                                                                                                                                                                          the Directors
 (2) Several workshops were held for the Board and Committees during 2023. As these were held as part of a scheduled Board program, workshops are not shown as
     additional meetings in the table above.
 (3) Ms Fagg and Mr Gupta switched their Audit Committee and People & Remuneration Committee memberships in March 2023 and attended all meetings of those
     Committees while a member.
 (4) Ms Fellowes joined the Board on 5 June 2023 and attended all Board and relevant Committee meetings held after that date.
 (5) Ms Kay joined the Board on 31 July 2023 and attended all Board and relevant Committee meetings held after that date.
 (6) Ms Kitchen joined the Board on 27 September 2023. No Board or relevant Committee meetings were held between that date and 30 September 2023.




                                                                                                                                                                             Financial report
 (7) Ms Loveridge attended all People & Remuneration Committee meetings scheduled in the Board's calendar for 2023. She was unable to attend one out-of-cycle
     Committee meeting convened at short notice. The Board Chair attended the Committee meeting on her behalf.




                                                                                                                                                                           Additional

                                                                                                                                                                          information




                                                                                                                                           2023 Annual Report       73
Board composition, diversity
and performance
Board composition
Composition of the Board is informed by a number of factors, including the following key principles:
•    The Board will be of an appropriate size to allow efficient decision making.
•    The Board must consist of a majority of independent non-executive directors.
•    The Board should consist of directors with a broad range of skills, experience and expertise, and different facets of diversity,
     including gender.
•    The Chair must be an independent non-executive director and must not have been a NAB executive or the Group CEO in the
     previous three years.
Further detail about directors’ independence is on page 77.
NAB has a Group Fit and Proper and BEAR Suitability Policy that addresses the requirements of APRA Prudential Standard CPS 520
Fit and Proper and supports compliance with the obligations of the BEAR.
This Policy requires an annual assessment of the directors, certain members of senior management and responsible auditors,
including a determination of whether they have the appropriate competence, character, diligence, honesty, integrity and
judgement to perform their role.
The Board, with the assistance of the Nomination & Governance Committee, has reviewed and taken into consideration the
existing workload of directors and concluded that each director has sufficient capacity to undertake the duties expected of a
director of NAB.
As a Board vacancy approaches, the Nomination & Governance Committee assesses the skills and experience required, which
informs the identification of suitable candidates. The most suitable candidate is appointed by the Board after appropriate
checks are undertaken, including assessment in accordance with the Group Fit and Proper and BEAR Suitability Policy, and is
subject to election by shareholders at the next AGM.
The key terms and conditions of a director’s appointment are formally documented in a letter of appointment. This process was
followed for all directors on the Board.
Newly appointed directors must stand for election by shareholders at the next AGM. In addition, the NAB Constitution requires
that at each AGM, non-executive directors who have held office for at least three years without re-election, or beyond the
third AGM following their appointment or last election (whichever is longer) must retire from office and are eligible to stand
for re-election.
Before each AGM, the Board assesses the performance of each director due to stand for election or re-election and decides
whether to recommend to shareholders that they vote in favour of the election or re-election of each relevant director. Further
detail on NAB’s directors is provided on pages 64 to 68.

Board renewal
During the year, after consulting with the Board, the Nomination & Governance Committee reviewed the three-year Board
renewal strategy and plans. This included reviewing the highest priority skills to bring on to the Board over the short and
medium-term, considering a current vacancy and anticipated retirements at the end of 2023. The three highest priority areas
of deep competency for future director appointments were: transformation, digital, technology, data and analytics; banking; and
financial reporting and accounting. The Nomination & Governance Committee and the Board aim to identify, select and nominate
candidates who are able to contribute broadly in the boardroom, not only in areas of deep competency, and who add different
facets of diversity to the Board.
Working with an external recruitment consultant, the Nomination & Governance Committee reviewed candidate profiles and met
with candidates. During 2023, the Nomination & Governance Committee nominated three candidates to the Board, and the Board
appointed Christine Fellowes, Carolyn Kay and Alison Kitchen as non-executive directors. The three new directors will stand for
election by shareholders at the next AGM, as required under NAB’s Constitution. Further detail on NAB’s directors is provided on
pages 64 to 68.
Two directors, David Armstrong and Peeyush Gupta, will stand down from the Board following the 2023 AGM, having completed
three terms of three years.

Re-election and election of directors in 2023
In 2023, the Board has recommended in the AGM Notice of Meeting that shareholders re-elect Simon McKeon for his second
three-year term on the Board and Ann Sherry for her third term. The Board has also recommended that shareholders elect
Christine Fellowes, Carolyn Kay and Alison Kitchen to the Board for their first three-year terms. The Board has provided
shareholders with all material information that is relevant to a decision whether or not to re-elect and elect those directors
in the AGM Notice of Meeting. Further detail on NAB's directors is provided on pages 64 to 68.




74     National Australia Bank
Board composition, diversity and performance (cont.)




Skills matrix
Each year NAB assesses the skills and experience of each director and combined capabilities of the Board. The insights from this

                                                                                                                                                About
assessment are documented in a skills matrix that is:
•    Considered in the context of NAB’s business and its strategic needs.
•    Incorporated into Board succession planning and the selection of new directors.                                                         this report
•    Used to inform areas of focus for the Board’s continuing education and use of external expertise.
To prepare the skills matrix, each director rates their skills, expertise and experience against several competency areas that are
then mapped to the skills matrix. The self-assessment ratings and skills matrix are reviewed and calibrated by the Nomination &
Governance Committee on behalf of the Board.

                                                                                                                                             Our business
The skills matrix presented here demonstrates alignment of the Board’s responsibilities with the current mix of skills on
the Board.


                                                                                                                                                in 2023
With the addition of new directors in 2023, the Board believes the current mix of skills, experience and expertise of directors
(as shown on the skills matrix) provides a diverse range of views and perspectives for the effective governance, oversight and
strategic leadership of NAB. The Board also invested in continuing education throughout 2023 to continue to develop directors’
competencies in the following key areas:
•    Digital and technology topics – Cyber resilience; information security; core banking modernisation; data foundations; digital




                                                                                                                                                Creating value
     assets; generative AI; and innovation in payments and cyber security technologies. This included a Board study tour and
     meeting with external experts on these topics.
•    Environmental and social topics – Climate transition (risks, opportunities, transition opportunities, target setting
     methodologies and practices) and Indigenous matters. This included meeting with external experts on these topics.
•    Risk management in banking – balance sheet risk management; capital adequacy and stress testing; capital and
     credit impairment provisioning; lessons from bank failures in other geographies; financial crime risk management; crisis
     management; cyber resilience; information security; and BEAR scenarios.
•    People-related topics – Succession planning; health and safety; and concepts from NAB’s Distinctive Leadership Program.

                                                                                                                                             Corporate
•    Stakeholders – Investor, customer, regulatory and government perspectives. This included meetings with representatives
     from each of these areas to hear and discuss their perspectives.
                                                                                                                                            Governance
    Skills and experience   Explanation                                                             Collective
                            Experience outside NAB in significant components of the financial                                               Statement
    Banking and financial   services industry, including banking and equity and debt capital
    services experience     markets. Strong knowledge of the regulatory environment. Includes       Moderate     Strong      Very Strong
                            advisory roles to the industry.
                            Skills gained while performing at a senior executive level for a

                                                                                                                                                Risk
    Leadership and          considerable length of time. Includes delivering superior results,
    commercial acumen       running complex businesses, leading complex projects and issues,        Moderate     Strong      Very Strong
                            and leading workplace culture.


                                                                                                                                             management
                            Good understanding of financial statements and drivers of financial
    Financial acumen        performance for a business of significant size, including ability to
                                                                                                    Moderate     Strong      Very Strong
                            assess the effectiveness of financial controls.
                            Experience in delivering customer outcomes and deepening
    Customer outcomes
                            relationships in customer segments.                                     Moderate     Strong      Very Strong
                            Experience in anticipating and evaluating financial and non-financial
                            risks that could impact the business. Recognising and managing

                                                                                                                                               Report of
                            these risks by developing sound risk management frameworks and
    Risk management
                            providing oversight. Includes experience in managing compliance         Moderate     Strong      Very Strong
                            risks and regulatory relationships, as well as an understanding of

                                                                                                                                             the Directors
                            cyber resilience and technology risks.
                            Experience in developing, setting and executing strategic direction.
    Strategy                Experience in driving growth and transformation and executing
                                                                                                    Moderate     Strong      Very Strong
                            against a clear strategy.
                            Publicly listed company experience, extensive experience in and
                            commitment to the highest standards of governance, experience in




                                                                                                                                                Financial report
    Governance
                            the establishment and oversight of governance frameworks, policies      Moderate     Strong      Very Strong
                            and processes.
                            Experience in oversight of technology for businesses of a significant
    Digital
                            scale and implementing business transformations through the use
    and technology                                                                                  Moderate     Strong      Very Strong
                            of technology, including digital, data and analytics, and innovation.
                            Experience in building workforce capability, setting a remuneration
    People
                            framework that attracts and retains a high calibre of executives, and
    and remuneration                                                                                Moderate     Strong      Very Strong
                            promotion of diversity and inclusion.
    Environmental           Understanding potential risks and opportunities from an
    and social              environmental and social perspective.                                   Moderate     Strong      Very Strong


                                                                                                                                              Additional

                                                                                                                                             information




                                                                                                                 2023 Annual Report    75
Board composition, diversity and performance (cont.)




Board tenure and gender statistics(1)
    Board tenure                                                                                                                    %
    0-3 years                                                                                                                       27.0
    3-6 years                                                                                                                       27.0
    6-9 years                                                                                                                       46.0


    Board gender diversity                                                                                                          %
    Female                                                                                                                          54.5
    Male                                                                                                                            45.5


Board performance                                                                         strategic objectives and risk appetite and reflect the
                                                                                          expectations of customers, regulators and shareholders.
Directors comprehensively prepare for, attend and participate
                                                                                          Detailed information about the executive remuneration
in Board and committee meetings.
                                                                                          framework changes effective from 1 October 2023 is provided
The Board recognises the importance of continuously                                       in the Remuneration Report.
monitoring and improving its performance and that of its
                                                                                          The colleague remuneration framework was reviewed to
committees. Under their respective charters, the Board
                                                                                          ensure alignment to APRA Prudential Standard CPS 511
and committees are required to assess their performance
                                                                                          Remuneration requirements. As a result, modifications were
annually, which was undertaken during the year. An
                                                                                          made to the Group’s specialist incentive plans to provide
independent external performance evaluation of the Board
                                                                                          appropriate non-financial performance measures (being
and its committees is conducted every three years, or as
                                                                                          individual risk management and conduct assessments),
otherwise determined by the Board. An independent external
                                                                                          effective from 1 October 2023. As a result of the changes, all
performance evaluation was last undertaken in 2022.
                                                                                          of NAB's incentive plans comply with APRA Prudential Standard
The results of the internal assessments undertaken in 2023                                CPS 511 Remuneration and continue to support the Group’s
were that the Board and each of its committees continue to                                strategic objectives and risk appetite.
operate effectively. In the spirit of continuous improvement,
                                                                                          The Group successfully renegotiated the new Enterprise
the Board agreed actions to further improve its effectiveness,
                                                                                          Agreement (EA) in 2023. The new EA provides certainty about
which are focused in the following areas: improving oversight
                                                                                          pay and benefits, providing an average Fixed Reward increase
of execution of technology and digital strategies; continuing
                                                                                          of 4.5% to eligible colleagues in January 2024, and ongoing
to apply discipline to remain focused on the Board's priorities;
                                                                                          guaranteed increases in January 2025 and January 2026.
and supporting directors through a period of Board renewal.
                                                                                          Progress has also been made on other key colleague
Directors’ individual performance is also assessed annually.
                                                                                          initiatives including colleague learning and other
Each director participated in an individual performance
                                                                                          enhancements to the employee value proposition offered by
interview with the Chair in 2023.
                                                                                          NAB including the performance framework and other benefits
Responsible remuneration                                                                  available to colleagues.

The Board continues to monitor NAB’s executive and Group                                  Further detail about NAB’s executive and colleague
remuneration frameworks to ensure they reinforce our                                      remuneration frameworks, including NAB’s policies and
focus on customers, align with sustainable shareholder                                    practices regarding the remuneration of non-executive
value and are informed by risk, reputation, conduct and                                   directors, the Group CEO, Group Executives and other
values outcomes.                                                                          colleagues, is set out in the Remuneration Report.

A decision in 2023 to change the executive remuneration                                   Shareholder engagement
framework with effect from 1 October 2023 was approved by
                                                                                          NAB values open, timely and transparent communication
the Board. The change reflects the requirements under APRA
                                                                                          and engages with shareholders and investors in many
Prudential Standard CPS 511 Remuneration. The changes made
                                                                                          ways including:
were to:
                                                                                          •     Providing shareholders options on how they choose the
•    Incorporate materially weighted non-financial measures
                                                                                                receive communications (electronically or by post).
     (being individual risk management and conduct) into long-
     term variable reward to maintain a strong focus on                                   •     Sending electronic communications, such as open letters
     individual conduct and management of financial and non-                                    and publications from the Chair and the Group CEO on key
     financial risks.                                                                           developments and matters of interest.
•    Increase the deferral period applicable to long-term                                 •     Providing information about NAB on its website, including in
     variable reward to align Executives with the shareholder                                   relation to the Group’s policies and governance practices
     experience and encourage a focus on delivering                                             and media releases.
     sustainable long-term value.                                                         •     Directly responding to shareholder enquiries by email,
•    Review the risk management and conduct framework to                                        phone and post.
     enable the Board to apply adjustment mechanisms to                                   •     Periodic trading updates, financial results and reports, ASX
     ensure remuneration outcomes are commensurate with                                         announcements, investor presentations and briefings (all
     performance and risk outcomes over the long-term.                                          of which are available in the Shareholder Centre section at
The Board considers these changes provide an appropriate                                        nab.com.au/shareholder).
and fair remuneration framework to NAB's Executive                                        •     In situations when the Group hosts an analyst and
Leadership Team while supporting the Group’s purpose,                                           investor presentation including interim and end of

    (1) Tenure and gender statistics are for non-executive directors as at 30 September 2023.


76      National Australia Bank
Board composition, diversity and performance (cont.)




    financial year results, supporting materials are released     For further detail on the Board's continuing education in 2023,
    on the ASX Market Announcement Platform ahead of the          refer to the skills matrix on page 75.
    presentation commencing.
•   Webcasting of significant market briefings and meetings,      Directors' independence                                                   About
    including the AGM.                                            All NAB directors are expected to bring independent and
•   The Chair, Group CEO, Group CFO and other senior              unfettered judgement to Board deliberations.                           this report
    executives meet with domestic and offshore institutional      To qualify as independent, a director must be independent
    investors throughout the year.                                of management and free of any business, personal or other
NAB also engages directly with investment analysts, proxy         association that could materially interfere with (or reasonably
advisors and the Australian Shareholders’ Association.            be perceived to materially interfere with) the director’s

                                                                                                                                         Our business
                                                                  exercise of independent and unfettered judgement with
NAB’s 2023 AGM will be conducted as a hybrid meeting.             respect to issues before the Board, and to act in the best
Shareholders will have the opportunity to view presentations,     interests of NAB and its shareholders.

                                                                                                                                            in 2023
ask questions and submit votes at the physical meeting or
online during the AGM.                                            The Board conducts annual reviews of the independence of
                                                                  each of the directors. Directors are expected to provide
As in prior years, NAB will again invite shareholders to submit   information as and when changes occur, and each non-
questions in advance of the 2023 AGM, to help NAB understand      executive director is required to make an annual disclosure
and address areas of interest or concern.                         to the Board of all relevant information.




                                                                                                                                            Creating value
Each substantive resolution considered at the AGM will be         A register of directors’ material interests is maintained and
conducted by a poll. The Board considers that voting by a poll    periodically reviewed by each director.
is in the interests of shareholders as a whole and ensures
that the views of as many shareholders as possible are            If a director is involved with another company or firm that may
represented at the AGM. Shareholders unable to attend the         have dealings with NAB, those dealings must be at arm’s length
hybrid AGM are encouraged to vote in advance of the meeting.      and on normal commercial terms.

Shareholders can contact NAB or the NAB Share Registry            Director tenure is a factor considered by the Board in
at any time, by mail, telephone, email or via the                 assessing the independence of a director but is not
Computershare Investor Centre. More than half of NAB’s            determinative. As a guide, most directors would not stand for
shareholders have elected to communicate with NAB and             re-election after serving nine years on the Board, however,
                                                                                                                                         Corporate
                                                                  the Board may determine that a director continues to bring
                                                                                                                                        Governance
Computershare electronically.
                                                                  valuable expertise, independent judgement and the ability to
Colleague engagement                                              act in the best interests of NAB beyond that period. The
                                                                                                                                        Statement
                                                                  overall tenure profile of the Board is also a relevant factor.
In 2023, the Board participated in a number of events with NAB
colleagues, including:                                            In considering the independence of each director, the
                                                                  Board considers the factors outlined in the 4th edition
•   Meetings with specific teams to learn about their day-to-
                                                                  ASX Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations.
    day work and areas of subject matter expertise.

                                                                                                                                            Risk
                                                                  The Board has determined for 2023 that all non-
•   Meetings with senior leaders, which allowed directors to      executive directors identified on pages 64 to 68 are
    experience the culture and capability of leaders.             independent and that the Board consisted of a majority of

                                                                                                                                         management
•   Site visits and events with colleagues to listen to           independent directors.
    customers and support them with their needs.                  To further assist in ensuring that the Board operates
                                                                  independently of management, non-executive directors meet
Director induction and continuing education                       in the absence of management at most scheduled Board and
Three new directors were appointed to the Board in 2023.          committee meetings.
Each new director is provided with an orientation program

                                                                                                                                           Report of
that includes discussions with management, and briefings and      Conflicts of interest
workshops on NAB’s:                                               Under Australian law, directors have a duty to avoid conflicts

                                                                                                                                         the Directors
•   Major lines of business.                                      of interest.
•   Strategic and financial plans.                                The NAB Conflicts of Interest Policy and the NAB Constitution
•   Risk management strategy, frameworks, compliance              establish clear rules, controls and guidance regarding the
    programs and significant risk management matters,             management of actual, potential or perceived conflicts
    including cyber and financial crime risk management.          of interest.




                                                                                                                                            Financial report
•   Financial statements, including significant financial and     Directors are expected to avoid any action, position or
    accounting matters.                                           interest that conflicts or appears to conflict with an interest
                                                                  of NAB. This is a matter for ongoing and active consideration
•   NAB’s performance management structure.
                                                                  by all directors, and any director who has a material personal
•   Internal and external audit programs.                         interest in a matter relating to NAB’s affairs must notify
•   Purpose, values and Code of Conduct.                          the Board.
•   Key policies and external commitments, such as                If a potential conflict of interest arises, NAB’s corporate
    decarbonisation targets.                                      governance standards dictate that the director concerned
•   Directors’ rights, duties and responsibilities.               does not receive copies of the relevant Board papers and is

                                                                                                                                          Additional
                                                                  not present at meetings while such matters are considered.
Continuing education is provided for the Board through
                                                                  In this way, the director takes no part in discussions and
a combination of internal and external presentations,
                                                                                                                                         information
                                                                  exercises no influence over the other members of the Board.
workshops with management, site visits and study tours.
                                                                  If a significant conflict of interest with a director exists and
Directors are also expected to keep up to date on topical
issues in their own time.


                                                                                                             2023 Annual Report    77
Board composition, diversity and performance (cont.)




cannot be resolved, the director is expected to tender his or
her resignation.
For more information, please refer to the Corporate
Governance section of nab.com.au.

Access to management and independent
professional advice
The Board and its committees have free and unfettered
access to senior management, and any other relevant internal
or external party and information, and may make any enquiries
to fulfil their responsibilities.
The Board Charter and Board Committee Operating Rules
clearly state that the Board or its committees may
engage external consultants and experts as required, and
written guidelines entitle each director to seek independent
professional advice at NAB’s expense, with the prior approval
of the Chair. The Board can conduct or direct any investigation
to fulfil its responsibilities and can retain, at NAB’s expense,
any legal, accounting or other services that it considers
necessary from time to time to fulfil its duties.

Director and executive
shareholding requirements
To align with shareholders’ interests, the Board has adopted
a policy that within five years of appointment, non-executive
directors must hold ordinary shares equal in value of the
annual Chair fee for the Chair and base fee for all other non-
executive directors.
The value of a non-executive director’s shareholding is based
on the share price at the time shares were acquired.
Other than the three new directors, non-executive directors
have met their minimum shareholding requirement.
Newly appointed non-executive directors are expected to
acquire shares each year until the minimum requirement is
met by the end of year 5.
Minimum shareholding requirements for the Executive
Leadership Team are:
•    Group CEO: two times fixed remuneration.
•    Group Executives: one times fixed remuneration.
Newly appointed Executive Leadership Team members are
required to satisfy the minimum shareholding requirement
within a five-year period from the date of commencement in
their role.
The Group CEO and other Group Executives have met, or are on
track to meet their minimum shareholding requirement.
Details of non-executive director and Executive Leadership
Teams’ NAB shareholding requirements are set out in the
Remuneration Report.




78    National Australia Bank
Board committees
Nomination & Governance Committee
Committee purpose           2023 areas of focus                                                      Relevant information
Supports the Board          •   Board composition and skills: assessing the necessary and            •   Must have a minimum                           About
on composition and              desirable skills and competencies of the Board and Chair, and            of three independent non-
                                                                                                                                                    this report
governance matters.             of the committees and committee chairs, as well as making                executive directors.
                                recommendations on continuing education and development              •   The Chair of the Board is
                                for the Board and directors.                                             Committee Chair.
                            •   Nominations: with the assistance of an external recruitment          2023 Members:
                                consultant, identifying potential director candidates and
                                making recommendations to the Board on the selection and             •   Philip Chronican (Committee Chair)
                                re-election of directors.                                            •   Anne Loveridge

                                                                                                                                                    Our business
                            •   Governance: reviewing corporate governance principles                •   Simon McKeon
                                and policies.


Audit Committee                                                                                                                                        in 2023

Committee purpose           2023 areas of focus                                                      Relevant information
Supports the Board          •   Financial statements: overseeing the integrity of the Group’s        •   Must have a minimum
with overseeing                 accounting and financial statements, including compliance                of three independent non-




                                                                                                                                                       Creating value
the integrity of                with accounting standards and policies.                                  executive directors.
accounting and financial    •   Reporting: overseeing the integrity of the Group's financial,        •   Has a member who also sits on the
statements and the              regulatory and corporate reporting processes.                            Risk & Compliance Committee.
financial, regulatory and
corporate reporting         •   Audit results: reviewing key internal and external audit findings    •   Has members who are financially
processes of the                and insights.                                                            literate and at least one member
Group, the Internal         •   Auditor performance and independence: overseeing the                     with appropriate accounting or
Audit function, the             performance and independence of Internal Audit and the                   financial expertise.
external auditor, and           external auditor, including review of the adequacy of internal       2023 Members:
the Group Whistleblower         and external audit plans and resourcing.
                                                                                                     •   David Armstrong (Committee Chair)
Protection Policy               Whistleblower Program: overseeing the effectiveness of the
                                                                                                                                                    Corporate
                            •
and Program.                                                                                         •   Doug McKay
                                Group Whistleblower Protection Policy and Program including
                                material matters being investigated, key themes and trends.          •   Kathryn Fagg (until February 2023)
                                                                                                     •   Peeyush Gupta (from March 2023)           Governance
                                                                                                                                                   Statement
                                                                                                     •   Alison Kitchen (from
                                                                                                         September 2023)
                                                                                                     The Group Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                                     (CFO), Executive, Internal Audit
                                                                                                     and senior executives of the
                                                                                                     Group’s external auditor, EY,

                                                                                                                                                       Risk
                                                                                                     attended all eligible Committee
                                                                                                     meetings. The Group Deputy CFO
                                                                                                     attended the majority of eligible


                                                                                                                                                    management
                                                                                                     Committee meetings.


People & Remuneration Committee
Committee purpose           2023 areas of focus                                                      Relevant information
Supports the Board          •   Strategy execution: monitoring the impact from, and                  •   Must have a minimum

                                                                                                                                                      Report of
in discharging                  the embedding of, key elements of the Colleague                          of three independent non-
its responsibilities            Strategy, including leadership, talent development, succession           executive directors.
relating to people              and engagement.                                                      •   Has a member who also sits on the

                                                                                                                                                    the Directors
and remuneration            •   Remuneration governance: monitoring how remuneration                     Risk & Compliance Committee.
strategies, policies            and performance frameworks (including consequence
and practices of                                                                                     2023 Members:
                                management) are applied across the Group, particularly
the Group. The                  ensuring effective connections between risk management               •   Anne Loveridge (Committee Chair)
committee undertakes            and remuneration outcomes. Monitoring the implementation             •   Ann Sherry
these activities with the       of APRA Prudential Standard CPS 511 (Remuneration) and the
objective that they align                                                                            •   Peeyush Gupta (until February 2023)
                                finalisation of the new Enterprise Agreement, in particular, their




                                                                                                                                                       Financial report
with and enable the             impact on NAB's people and remuneration strategies, policies         •   Kathryn Fagg (from March 2023)
overall Group Strategy          and frameworks.                                                      The Board Chair, the Group CEO,
and support the
                            •   Executive performance: evaluating individual executive               and the Group Chief Risk Officer
Group’s purpose, values,
                                performance in the context of Group performance at least             (CRO) attended all eligible Committee
strategic objectives and
                                twice each reporting period, and recommending to the                 meetings. The Group Executive,
risk appetite (while not
                                Board the fixed remuneration and variable reward outcomes            People & Culture and the Executive,
rewarding conduct or
                                for the Group CEO, Group Executives and certain other                Internal Audit attended the majority
behaviours that are
                                senior executives. Information on the process for evaluating         of eligible Committee meetings.
contrary to these aims).
                                executive performance is set out in the Remuneration Report.
                            •   Group performance and variable reward: considering Group

                                                                                                                                                     Additional
                                performance for 2023 (with the assistance of other Board
                                committees) and making a Group Performance Indicator
                                (GPI) recommendation to the Board for the Group Variable

                                                                                                                                                    information
                                Reward Plan.




                                                                                                                       2023 Annual Report     79
Board committees (cont.)




Risk & Compliance Committee
 Committee purpose             2023 areas of focus                                                   Relevant information
 Supports the Board            •   Risk appetite: reviewing and overseeing the Group and NAB Risk    •   Must have a minimum
 with oversight of the             Appetite Statement and Risk Management Strategy, covering             of three independent non-
 Group’s risk profile, Risk        existing and emerging financial and non-financial risks.              executive directors.
 Management Framework          •   Risk management: reviewed the Board’s annual Risk                 •   Has members who also sit on
 (covering financial,              Management Declaration to APRA for the year ended                     the Audit Committee and People &
 non-financial and                 30 September 2022 and overseeing management’s progress in             Remuneration Committee.
 emerging risks), material         addressing matters identified in that Declaration.
 risks, risk mitigation                                                                              2023 Members:
 practices, adherence          •   Material risk updates: overseeing key material risk categories,
                                                                                                     •   Simon McKeon (Committee Chair)
 to Board approved                 including: Credit risk; Balance Sheet & Liquidity risk; Market
                                   risk; Operational risk; Compliance risk; Conduct risk; and        •   David Armstrong
 risk appetite and
 internal compliance and           Sustainability risk. The Board has retained direct oversight of   •   Kathryn Fagg
 control systems, while            Strategic risk.
                                                                                                     •   Peeyush Gupta
 guiding management’s          •   Compliance culture: continued focus on regulatory and
                                                                                                     •   Carolyn Kay (from July 2023)
 promotion and                     legislative requirements and the controls and compliance
 maintenance of a risk-            environment to monitor adherence and shortcomings.                The Group CRO, Group CFO, Executive,
 based culture.                                                                                      Internal Audit and senior executives
                               •   Controls environment: continued review of the health and
                                                                                                     of the Group’s external auditor,
                                   transformation of controls.
                                                                                                     EY, attended all eligible Committee
                               •   Audit matters: reviewing key internal audit findings and          meetings. The Board Chair and the
                                   insights, including monitoring management’s response to           Group CEO attended the majority
                                   matters raised.                                                   of meetings.
                               •   Technology: reviewing updates relating to the technology risk
                                   profile, technology resilience, technology currency debt, and
                                   cyber risks.
                               •   External environment: reviewing regular updates on credit,
                                   market and liquidity conditions and the impact of external
                                   conditions on certain portfolios.
                               •   Capital and liquidity: continued emphasis on monitoring and
                                   reviewing the level of capital and liquidity held by the Group.


Customer Committee
 Committee purpose             2023 areas of focus                                                   Relevant information
 Supports the Board            •   Customer outcomes: monitoring NAB’s response to scams and         •   Must have a minimum
 with overseeing the               support for customers experiencing vulnerability .                    of three independent non-
 importance given to           •   Product governance: monitoring NAB’s adherence to                     executive directors.
 the voice of the                  the ASIC Design & Distribution Obligations and product            2023 Members:
 customer and the focus            simplification progress.
 on customer outcomes                                                                                •   Ann Sherry (Committee Chair)
 at NAB.                       •   Customer complaints: monitoring NAB’s complaint capture,
                                                                                                     •   Doug McKay
                                   handling and themes.
                                                                                                     •   Anne Loveridge
                               •   Customer remediation: reviewing and evaluating management
                                   reports on both banking and wealth remediation programs.          •   Christine Fellowes (from June 2023)
                               •   Customer Advocates: reviewing reports from the Customer           The Group Executive, Legal and
                                   Advocate Banking on advocacy and insights to deliver              Commercial Services attended the
                                   fair outcomes for NAB customers that align with                   majority of the meetings.
                                   community expectations.


Subsidiary boards
NAB has a number of subsidiary companies. The activities of each subsidiary company in the Group are overseen by that
company’s own board of directors. The Board’s confidence in the activities of its controlled entities stems from the quality of
the directors on those subsidiary boards and their commitment to NAB’s objectives. NAB has one significant subsidiary, BNZ.
The Chair of the BNZ Board is Doug McKay who is also a NAB director. NAB directors have a standing invitation to attend board
meetings of BNZ to develop a broader understanding of its operations.
The Group's subsidiary governance framework sets out the corporate governance requirements for subsidiaries operating within
the Group environment including different roles and responsibilities of subsidiaries, their boards and management.




80   National Australia Bank
How We Work
Governance, conduct and culture
The Board approves NAB’s purpose, values and Code of Conduct to underpin the desired culture within NAB’s business

                                                                                                                                              About
and oversees the establishment by management of a culture that is focused on sound risk management and customer
outcomes. NAB's refreshed strategy, released in 2020, clearly stated why NAB is here: to serve customers well and help our

                                                                                                                                           this report
communities prosper.

NAB values and culture
NAB updated its company values in 2020 in conjunction with a refresh of its Strategy. These values, known as How We Work,
identify the core elements of behaviour expected of colleagues for NAB to deliver its strategy and clearly articulate its
target culture.


                                                                                                                                           Our business
The below articulation of “what we do” and “what we don’t do” provides guidance for all colleagues to understand the standards
expected at NAB. How We Work is the basis of NAB’s Code of Conduct and integrated into its performance management
framework. To strengthen NAB's commitment to service delivery and serving its customers well, the "excellence for customers"

                                                                                                                                              in 2023
value was updated in 2023.
How We Work has been approved by the Board and is summarised below.




                                                                                                                                              Creating value




                                                                                                                                           Corporate
                                                                                                                                          Governance
                                                                                                                                          Statement




                                                                                                                                              Risk


                                                                                                                                           management




                                                                                                                                             Report of
To achieve NAB's target culture, the Colleague Strategy was established to deliver the goal of having trusted professionals who
are proud to be a part of NAB. NAB's strategic aspirations include:
Talented professionals who shape the future of banking              Inclusive culture we can be proud of
NAB fosters diverse, market-leading banking professionals           NAB aims for an agile, progressive and accountable culture
                                                                                                                                           the Directors
and attracts, develops and retains top talent. NAB empowers         where colleagues role model How We Work and collaborate to
colleagues to learn and grow, build digital and data capabilities   accelerate decision-making and customer outcomes.
and pursue exciting career opportunities.                           NAB has a continued focus on improving its culture and




                                                                                                                                              Financial report
                                                                    risk culture, underpinned by its culture and risk culture
Distinctive leaders who inspire performance
                                                                    framework which is based on How We Work. NAB’s culture
NAB builds clear, capable and motivated leaders who drive           and risk culture framework has evolved in maturity over
positive change and connect colleagues to why NAB is here: to       time, with the goal of having an approach that is best in
serve customers well and help our communities prosper. NAB          class. Progress is reported to the Board twice yearly and
people leaders create a winning environment and celebrate           measurement uses data including colleague engagement
the successes and contributions of all.                             Heartbeat surveys, objective performance metrics, operating
                                                                    model effectiveness assessments and independent expert
Empowered colleagues who are motivated
                                                                    review. The varied data inputs provide a holistic and
NAB cares deeply about customers and is passionate                  integrated assessment and bring meaningful insights to

                                                                                                                                            Additional
about exceptional service and executional excellence. NAB           inform management action on culture and risk culture.
focuses on top priorities, works with flexibility and pace, and
                                                                    NAB's Inclusion and Diversity Policy is available in the Corporate

                                                                                                                                           information
colleagues are rewarded fairly for strong performance.
                                                                    Governance section of nab.com.au. Information about NAB's
                                                                    measurable objectives is located in the Inclusion and diversity
                                                                    section of this report.


                                                                                                                2023 Annual Report   81
How We Work (cont.)




Conduct                                                             The Group Whistleblower Program provides confidential
NAB has a suite of policies and practices to promote a              channels for colleagues (current and former colleagues,
culture of honesty and ethical behaviour. Policy compliance         officers, contractors and/or suppliers) to raise concerns,
is monitored and consequence management procedures                  including through FairCall, an independently monitored
exist for policy breaches. Senior leaders are accountable for       external hotline service operated by KPMG.
performance against risk and conduct measures.                      The Group Whistleblower Protection Policy provides
                                                                    information on the support and protection available to
NAB's Code of Conduct                                               whistleblowers, how matters will be investigated and
NAB’s Code of Conduct (the Code) was revised in 2020 and            reinforces NAB's zero tolerance for any act of reprisal against
approved by the Board.                                              those who speak up.
The Code outlines what is expected of directors, leaders,           The Program has been established as an independent
colleagues and contractors who perform services on                  function with direct escalation and reporting lines
NAB’s behalf.                                                       to the Board’s Audit Committee via NAB’s Group
The Code captures NAB’s legal obligations and an expectation        Whistleblower Committee.
to act ethically and responsibly towards customers,                 The Group Whistleblower Protection Policy is available in the
colleagues and communities. The Code emphasises How We              Corporate Governance section at nab.com.au
Work, and the key policies and guidelines which must be
followed to achieve expected outcomes. There is a strong            Anti-bribery and corruption policy
emphasis on speaking up about concerns and a guide to               The Group is committed to preventing financial crime and
ethical decision making.                                            takes a zero-tolerance approach to bribery and corruption.
The Code is supported by a renewed approach to conduct and          This is reflected in the Group’s Anti-Bribery and Corruption
consequence management. Each business and enabling unit             (ABC) Policy and Framework as well as the Group’s dedication
has established professional standards forums to review or          to acting:
note breaches of the Code at least quarterly, taking action to      •   Honestly, with integrity and upholding the highest ethical
set the tone and reinforce NAB’s standards of conduct and               standards in its global activities.
culture. Any material breaches or conduct that is materially        •   In compliance with all applicable anti-bribery and
inconsistent with the expected outcomes in the Code are                 corruption laws in all jurisdictions in which the
reported to the People & Remuneration Committee.                        Group operates.
NAB’s Code of Conduct is available in the Corporate                 The prohibition against bribery and corruption in the ABC
Governance section at nab.com.au/about-us/                          Policy applies to NAB’s entities, colleagues and all agents,
corporate governance.                                               contractors and other third parties acting for or on
                                                                    behalf of the Group. The Group strictly prohibits bribery
Banking Executive Accountability Regime (BEAR)
                                                                    in any form (including facilitation payments). The ABC
For the purposes of BEAR, NAB has registered certain                Policy includes additional requirements around gifts and
individuals (the directors, Group Executives, Executive Internal    entertainment involving government officials which require
Audit and Executive Group Money Laundering Reporting                approvals regardless of value. The ABC Policy is supplemented
Officer) as ‘Accountable Persons’ with APRA. NAB undertakes         by supporting procedures which define minimum standards for
appropriate checks before appointing executives or putting          compliance with the ABC Policy. Material breaches of the ABC
someone forward for election as a director.                         Policy are reported to the Board by the Group CRO. NAB is a
NAB’s implementation of BEAR continues to strengthen and            Cornerstone Member of Transparency International Australia,
clarify its accountability structures and practices. This helps     a member of the Bribery Prevention Network and is a signatory
to ensure clearer delegation and decision-making processes.         to the UN Global Compact, pledging to work against corruption
                                                                    in all its forms.
All NAB Accountable Persons have a letter of appointment
(in the case of directors) or written employment agreement          The Group’s ABC Policy is available in the Corporate
(in the case of executives), which governs the terms of             Governance section at nab.com.au.
their appointment, as well as a detailed BEAR Accountability
Statement which is lodged with APRA.                                Group disclosure and external communication policy

On 5th September, the Commonwealth Parliament passed the            The Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and the ASX Listing Rules
Financial Accountability Regime Bill (FAR). FAR will replace BEAR   require that, subject to certain exceptions, once NAB
and expands upon the obligations imposed on NAB and its             becomes aware of any information concerning it that
Accountable Persons under BEAR. FAR will come into force for        a reasonable person would expect to have a material
NAB on 15 March 2024.                                               effect on the price or value of NAB securities (‘market
                                                                    sensitive information’), NAB will immediately disclose that
Escalation and whistleblower protection                             information to the ASX and where applicable, to other relevant
                                                                    stock exchanges.
The Group Whistleblower Protection Policy and Whistleblower
Program reflects NAB’s ambition for an environment                  NAB manages compliance with its continuous disclosure
where colleagues feel safe and empowered to speak up                obligations through its Group Disclosure and External
about wrongdoing.                                                   Communications Policy and associated guidance notes. NAB’s
                                                                    Disclosure Committee, comprised of senior executives, has
NAB encourages colleagues to raise concerns about
                                                                    primary responsibility regarding NAB’s disclosure obligations.
wrongdoing including conduct that may be illegal,
                                                                    Potentially disclosable matters are promptly referred to the
unacceptable or improper.
                                                                    Disclosure Committee for assessment and determination. NAB
By speaking up, colleagues help to identify and address             operates a strict decision-making regime to enable it to
wrongdoing as early as possible ensuring NAB's focus is on          monitor compliance with its disclosure obligations.
getting the basics right and serving customers well.



82   National Australia Bank
How We Work (cont.)




All members of the ELT are responsible for ensuring their            material supply chain relationships; (ii) banker identification
teams adhere to the Policy and for liaising directly with            and reporting of potential modern slavery and human
the Group Executive, Legal and Commercial Services or the            trafficking concerns and Financial Crime team monitoring and
General Counsel Corporate on any potentially disclosable             investigation of human impact crimes; and (iii) consideration           About
matters. Routine administrative ASX announcements are made           of modern slavery and human trafficking risk in ESG risk
by the Group Company Secretary without reference to the              assessments conducted as part of customer credit risk                this report
Disclosure Committee.                                                assessment and due diligence processes, where applicable.
Where appropriate, the Board is consulted on disclosures of          The Group's Human Rights Policy is available in the Human
utmost significance and all announcements of major matters           rights approach section at nab.com.au/content/dam/nabrwd/
require consideration and approval by the Board.                     documents/policy/corporate/human-rights-policy.pdf.


                                                                                                                                          Our business
The Board receives copies of all material market                     The Group's Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking
announcements promptly after they have been made.                    Statement is available in the Sustainability performance
                                                                     and reporting section at nab.com.au/about-us/social-

                                                                                                                                             in 2023
The Group Disclosure and External Communications Policy is
available in the Corporate Governance section at nab.com.au/         impact/modern-slavery-statement.
about-us/corporate governance.

Restrictions on trading in NAB securities
NAB’s Group Securities Trading Policy and associated guidance




                                                                                                                                             Creating value
notes explain the law and the policy for its colleagues to
comply with when trading in NAB securities.
NAB has black-out periods prior to the release of the Group’s
financial results during which colleagues must not trade in NAB
securities. In addition, ad hoc restrictions may be imposed on
all, or individually identified, colleagues from time to time when
there is a heightened risk of those colleagues coming into
contact with market sensitive information.

                                                                                                                                          Corporate
All NAB colleagues are prohibited from using derivatives or
otherwise entering into hedging arrangements in relation to
elements of their remuneration that are unvested.                                                                                        Governance
                                                                                                                                         Statement
In addition, members of key management personnel and their
closely related parties are prohibited from using derivatives
or otherwise entering into hedging arrangements in relation
to elements of their remuneration that are unvested or which
have vested but remain subject to forfeiture conditions.


                                                                                                                                             Risk
For more detail, refer to the Remuneration Report.
The Group Securities Trading Policy is available in the


                                                                                                                                          management
Corporate Governance section at nab.com.au/about-us/
corporate governance.

Group political contributions policy
Since 2016, NAB has not made donations to any political party,
parliamentarian, elected official or candidate for political

                                                                                                                                            Report of
office. From time to time, NAB representatives may pay to
attend political events and business forums hosted by major
political parties. Any payments for event attendance received

                                                                                                                                          the Directors
by political parties will be included in the Australian Electoral
Commission register. For detail on NAB’s approach to engaging
on public policy, including further information on political
contributions, see the Stakeholder Engagement section on
page 23.




                                                                                                                                             Financial report
NAB considers its Group Political Contributions Policy every
two years. The Group Political Contributions Policy is available
in the Corporate Governance section at nab.com.au/about-
us/corporate governance.

Modern slavery and human trafficking statement
The Group provides an annual Modern Slavery and Human
Trafficking Statement. From 2020, this statement has been
pursuant to both the Modern Slavery Act 2015 (UK) and

                                                                                                                                           Additional
the Modern Slavery Act 2018 (Cth). Consideration of modern
slavery is incorporated into the Group Human Rights Policy and
relevant risk management practices and processes applicable
to the Group’s customer and third-party relationships. This
                                                                                                                                          information
includes: (i) management of sustainability risk (incorporating
modern slavery and human trafficking risk), within the Group's


                                                                                                               2023 Annual Report   83
Assurance and control
For the Board to determine that the Group's                       Periodic corporate reports
financial statements and disclosures are                          The Annual Report, Climate Report, Investor Presentations,
complete and accurate, it reviews information                     Quarterly Trading Updates, Full Year Results Management
provided by management. Independent and                           Discussion and Analysis and Pillar 3 Report form the suite of
                                                                  the Group’s periodic corporate reports.
objective assurance is provided by the
Group’s external auditor, EY, on the audited                      Each report is subject to the Group’s risk management
                                                                  and internal control systems. Assurance over risk
financial report.
                                                                  management and internal control systems is achieved
                                                                  through assessments of the effectiveness of controls.
External Audit
                                                                  The integrity of the Group’s periodic corporate reports is
Throughout 2023, NAB’s external auditor was EY. The Audit
                                                                  underpinned by structures and processes within the Group
Committee is responsible for the appointment, evaluation,
                                                                  functions that support areas of judgement, validation of
management and removal of the external auditor, and the
                                                                  information and the maintenance of proper records for
approval of the external auditor’s annual fees (subject to
                                                                  all information.
shareholder approval where required). The Audit Committee
oversees EY’s responsibilities and regularly meets with EY to     The Group’s reporting policies incorporate Australian
review the adequacy of the external audit arrangements with       and international regulatory, legislative and prudential
emphasis on effectiveness, performance and independence.          requirements. The Group's Enterprise Reporting Assurance
This includes an annual review of the external audit plan.        team verify and check information across the suite of the
                                                                  Group’s periodic corporate reports. Group Executives and
To foster open communication and to facilitate appropriate
                                                                  subject matter experts certify the information pertaining to
matters coming to the attention of the Audit Committee, the
                                                                  their area of responsibility is materially complete and not
Group CEO, Group CFO, Deputy Group CFO, Group CRO, Group
                                                                  materially misleading by statement or omission.
Executive Legal & Commercial Services, Executive General
Counsel Corporate, Executive Internal Audit, and the lead         The level of external assurance provided on the suite of
External Audit Partner all have direct and unfettered access      the Group’s periodic corporate reports is disclosed by the
to the Audit Committee.                                           external auditor in their reports presented in NAB’s 2023
                                                                  Annual Report and by KPMG in their reports available on NAB's
NAB does not employ or appoint to the Board, Group or any
                                                                  website over a selection of climate-related measures and
subsidiary board or management body, any current or former
                                                                  disclosures presented in NAB's 2023 Climate Report.
partner, principal, shareholder or professional employee of
the external auditor or their family members, if to do so would   Where there is no external assurance provided,
impair the auditor’s independence.                                management’s assurance procedures are considered
                                                                  adequate by the Audit Committee for ensuring the Group’s
The Audit Committee has adopted a Group External Auditor
                                                                  periodic corporate reports are materially accurate, balanced
Independence Policy that requires pre-approval of any
                                                                  and provide investors with appropriate information to make
services proposed to be provided by the external auditor to
                                                                  informed decisions.
ensure that independence is maintained. The Audit Committee
delegates authority to the Group CFO and Deputy Group CFO         Internal Audit
to approve those services where the expected cost of the
                                                                  The role of Internal Audit is to provide independent assurance
service is less than $200,000 (excluding local taxes). Services
                                                                  on the adequacy and effectiveness of NAB’s Risk Management
over $200,000 (excluding local taxes) require the approval by
                                                                  Framework. Internal Audit forms the third line of risk
the Chair of the Audit Committee as the Audit Committee
                                                                  accountability in NAB’s Risk Management Framework.
delegated authority. The exercise of any such delegation is
reported to the Audit Committee at least biannually.              The Executive, Internal Audit needs to be suitably qualified for
                                                                  the role.
The Group External Auditor Independence Policy defines audit-
related and taxation-related services and stipulates that         A recommendation on the appointment, performance and
certain services are entirely prohibited from being provided      dismissal of the Executive, Internal Audit is made by the Audit
by the external auditor to ensure the independence of             Committee to the Board. The Audit Committee monitors the
the external auditor is maintained. Non-audit services are        activities and performance of Internal Audit and assesses
permitted where the service meets auditor independence            whether it remains independent of management and is
requirements with the approval by the Chair of the                adequately resourced and funded.
Audit Committee.                                                  Internal Audit has a direct reporting line to the Chair of the
Unless the Audit Committee approves otherwise, fees paid for      Audit Committee and informal reporting lines to the Group CEO
the provision of audit-related, taxation-related and non-audit    and Group CFO.
services must not exceed fees paid for audit services in any      As well as reporting regularly to the Audit Committee, the
year. Details of the services provided by the external auditor    Executive, Internal Audit provides regular reports to the
to the Group and the fees paid or payable for such services       Board’s Risk & Compliance Committee on risk and control
are set out in the Note 34 Remuneration of external auditor in    matters and attends People & Remuneration Committee
the Financial Report.                                             meetings to provide insights on conduct and culture matters.
Legislation requires the rotation of the external audit senior    Both the External and Internal Audit functions have full and
personnel who are significantly involved in NAB’s audit after     unrestricted access to all colleagues, records and systems as
five successive years, including the Lead Partner.                necessary to undertake their activities.
The external auditor attends the AGM and is available to
answer shareholder questions regarding the conduct of the
audit and the content of the audit report.




84   National Australia Bank
Compliance with ASX corporate
governance recommendations
This statement has been approved by the Board of National Australia Bank Limited (Board) and is                                           About
current as at 30 September 2023.
                                                                                                                                       this report
NAB's Appendix 4G (a checklist that cross references the disclosures in this Statement to the ASX Corporate Governance
Principles and Recommendations) is available in the Corporate Governance section of nab.com.au.
Before publication of NAB's 2023 Annual Report, the Board received a joint declaration from the Group CEO and the Group
CFO that:

                                                                                                                                       Our business
•   In their opinion the financial records of NAB have been properly maintained in accordance with the Corporations Act
    2001 (Cth).

                                                                                                                                          in 2023
•   In their opinion the financial statements and notes comply with the appropriate accounting standards and give a true and fair
    view of the financial position and performance of the Group.
•   Their opinion was formed based on a sound system of risk management and internal control which is operating effectively.




                                                                                                                                          Creating value




                                                                                                                                       Corporate
                                                                                                                                      Governance
                                                                                                                                      Statement




                                                                                                                                          Risk


                                                                                                                                       management




                                                                                                                                         Report of


                                                                                                                                       the Directors




                                                                                                                                          Financial report




                                                                                                                                        Additional

                                                                                                                                       information




                                                                                                            2023 Annual Report   85
This page has been intentionally left blank.
                                               Corporate
   About      Our business                                    Risk        Report of                         Additional
                             Creating value   Governance                                Financial report
this report      in 2023                                   management   the Directors                      information
                                               Statement
                     Risk
                     management
Risk management overview
Risk is the potential for harm and is inherent in                                         Group’s strategic objectives and business plan, in accordance
NAB's business. The Group's ability to manage risk                                        with the requirements of APRA Prudential Standard CPS 220 Risk
                                                                                          Management. This RMD is currently being undertaken within the
effectively is critical to being a safe and secure
                                                                                          time frame permitted.
bank that can serve customers well and help our
communities prosper. This is achieved through                                             Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
the Risk Management Framework, documented in                                              Risk Management
the Risk Management Strategy.                                                             ESG risks are identified, measured, monitored, reported and
                                                                                          overseen in accordance with the Group’s RMS and RMF
Risk Management Framework                                                                 and reflected in the Group RAS and relevant supporting
                                                                                          divisional credit appetite strategies, ESG-related policies and
The Risk Management Framework (RMF) consists of systems,
                                                                                          management practices. Executive management’s Group Credit
structures, policies, processes and people within the Group
                                                                                          & Market Risk Committee oversees Sustainability risk, which
that manage material risks.
                                                                                          is defined as ESG risk and includes climate and human rights-
Material risks are those that could have a material impact,                               related risk, as a significant part of the Group's exposure to
both financial and/or non-financial, on the Group or on                                   these risks is through lending to customers.
the interests of customers. The Group's material risks are
                                                                                          The Group's climate change disclosures align with TCFD
categorised as: strategic risk, credit risk, market risk, balance
                                                                                          recommendations. In 2023, TCFD disclosures continue to be
sheet and liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance risk,
                                                                                          provided in a standalone Climate Report, alongside a summary
conduct risk and sustainability risk.
                                                                                          in this Report on page 37.
The Group applies a ‘Three Lines of Accountability’ operating
                                                                                          The Group's modern slavery statement is
model in relation to the management of risk. The overarching
                                                                                          available on nab.com.au/about-us/social-impact/modern-
principle of the model is that risk management capability must
                                                                                          slavery-statement.
be embedded within the business to be effective.
                                                                                          Updates on ESG risk are provided to the Executive Risk &
The role of each line is:
                                                                                          Compliance Committee, Board Risk & Compliance Committee
•    First Line – Businesses own risks and obligations, and the                           and Board as appropriate. Further information on the Group’s
     controls and mitigation strategies that help manage them.                            material exposures to ESG risks is set out in ‘Disclosure on
•    Second Line – A functionally segregated Risk function                                risk factors’. Further detail on how the Group manages risks
     develops risk management frameworks, defines risk                                    presented by climate change within its Risk Management
     boundaries, provides objective review and challenge                                  Framework can be found in the Group's 2023 Climate Report.
     regarding the effectiveness of risk management within
     the first line businesses, and executes specific risk
     management activities where a functional segregation of
     duties and/or specific risk capability is required.
•    Third Line – An independent Internal Audit function
     reporting to the Board monitors the end-to-end
     effectiveness of risk management and compliance with
     the RMF.
Risk governance refers to the formal structure used to
support risk-based decision-making and oversight across
the Group's operations. This consists of the Board, Board
committees and management committees, delegations of
authority for decision-making, management structures and
related reporting. The risk governance structure increases
transparency and the sharing of insights, guidance and
challenge to support each BEAR Accountable Person(1)
in their decision-making when discharging their individual
accountabilities. The Group CRO report highlights risk appetite
measures, along with commentary when triggers and limit
thresholds are exceeded. It is discussed at each scheduled
meeting of the Executive Risk & Compliance Committee, the
Board Risk & Compliance Committee and the Board. It is also
provided to those bodies between scheduled meetings when
it is timely or appropriate to do so.
The Risk Appetite Statement is a key component of our RMF
and sets out boundaries so that the Group operates within
acceptable levels of risk and in compliance with obligations
and commitments.
The updated Risk Management Strategy (RMS) and RAS were
approved by the Board in early October 2022 and submitted
to APRA. The Board also makes an annual Risk Management
Declaration (RMD) to APRA for NAB, confirming that NAB has
a RMF that is appropriate for the size, business mix and
complexity of the Group, and which is consistent with the
    (1) For the purposes of BEAR, NAB has registered certain individuals (the directors, Group Executives, Executive Internal Audit and Executive Group Money Laundering
        Reporting Officer) as ‘Accountable Persons’ with APRA.


88      National Australia Bank
Risk factors
Disclosure on risk factors                                             The Group faces a rapidly changing external environment.
                                                                       The Group operates in a dynamic macro-economic
Risks specific to the Group
                                                                                                                                                 About
                                                                       environment. The impact of slowing global and domestic
Set out below are the principal risks and uncertainties                economic growth, rising unemployment and interest rates,
associated with the Company and its controlled entities                and falling consumer confidence can reduce demand for
(Group). It is not possible to determine the likelihood of these       credit, adversely impacting Group revenue. In addition, Group          this report
risks occurring with any certainty.                                    expense plans may be at risk if inflation does not normalise in
However, the risk in each category that the Company                    line with expectations, particularly with respect to employee
considers most material is listed first, based on the                  remuneration and technology costs.
information available at the date of this Report and the               There is also substantial competition across the markets

                                                                                                                                              Our business
Company’s best assessment of the likelihood of each risk               in which the Group operates. The Group faces competition
occurring and the potential magnitude of the negative                  from established financial services providers and other
impact to the Group should such risk materialise. In the               parties, including foreign banks and non-bank competitors,

                                                                                                                                                 in 2023
event that one or more of these risks materialises, the                such as fintechs, Buy Now Pay Later (BNPL) providers, digital
Group’s reputation, strategy, business, operations, financial          platforms and large global technology companies, some of
condition, and future performance could be materially and              which have lower costs, or operating and business models,
adversely impacted.                                                    technology platforms or products that differ from or are more
The Group’s Risk Management Framework and internal controls            competitive than the Group’s and some of which are subject




                                                                                                                                                 Creating value
may not be adequate or effective in accurately identifying,            to less regulatory oversight. In particular, there are some
evaluating, or addressing risks faced by the Group. There              financial services providers focused on the business banking
may be other risks that are unknown or deemed immaterial,              segment with investment in improved customer experiences.
but which may subsequently become known or material.                   This poses a risk to the Group’s position in that segment.
These may individually, or in aggregate, adversely impact the          In addition, evolving industry trends, technology changes, and
Group. Accordingly, no assurances or guarantees of future              environmental factors have impacted, and may continue to
performance, profitability, distributions or returns of capital        impact customer needs and preferences and the Group may
are given by the Group.                                                not predict these changes accurately or quickly enough,
                                                                       or have the resources and flexibility to adapt in sufficient
Strategic risk                                                         time, to meet customer expectations and keep pace with                 Corporate
Strategic risk is the risk to earnings, capital, liquidity, funding,   competitors. These risks are heightened in the current
or reputation arising from an inadequate response to                   context in which technologies, including those that may               Governance
changes in the external environment and risk of failing to
                                                                                                                                              Statement
                                                                       impact the financial services industry, continue to evolve at
properly consider downstream impacts and achieve effective             a rapid pace.
outcomes when executing material change programs.
                                                                       Other trends and recent regulatory and legislative
Strategic initiatives may fail to be executed, may not                 developments that may impact the Group include, but are not
deliver all anticipated benefits, or may otherwise change              limited to:

                                                                                                                                                 Risk
the Group’s risk profile.                                              •   Increased focus on digital, data and analytics capabilities
The Group’s corporate strategy sets its purpose, ambition,                 with the objective of creating easy and seamless customer


                                                                                                                                              management
and objectives.                                                            experiences. The rapid development and deployment of
                                                                           artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities has emerged as a key
The Group prioritises and invests significant resources in                 strategic consideration. Inadequate or lack of adoption
the execution of initiatives that are aligned to its chosen                of AI within business processes could pose a strategic
strategy, including transformation and change programs.                    disadvantage to the Group relative to its competitors who
These programs primarily focus on customers, technology,                   deploy AI tools and could result in unwanted financial and
digital and data assets, infrastructure, business improvement,

                                                                                                                                                Report of
                                                                           non-financial consequences for the Group. AI regulation is
cultural transformation, regulatory compliance, and changes                developing globally and its impact on the Group’s business
to associated controls, and may have dependencies on                       is currently unknown.

                                                                                                                                              the Directors
external suppliers or partners. There is a risk that these
programs may not realise some or all of their anticipated              •   Increased demand for green or sustainability-related
benefits and outcomes. These programs may also increase                    products or increased lending to assist customers in
operational, compliance, and other risks, and new or existing              achieving their ESG-related performance objectives, for
risks may not be appropriately assessed or controlled.                     example, sustainability-linked loans, or, correspondingly,
                                                                           increased scrutiny of products or lending that are
The Group’s strategy includes Environmental, Social or




                                                                                                                                                 Financial report
                                                                           perceived to be inconsistent with the ESG-related
Governance (ESG) related initiatives, including a climate                  performance objectives of the Group or its stakeholders.
strategy and various obligations, targets and goals. Setting
                                                                       •   Continued competitive pressures in home lending,
and achieving the Group’s sector decarbonisation targets
                                                                           particularly as customers of the Group revert to variable
and managing risks including climate change related
                                                                           rate loans as fixed rate periods expire on loans entered
financial risks and ESG-related risks are influenced by
                                                                           into at historically low rates in recent years. This increases
the Group’s customers, policy makers, the emerging
                                                                           the risk that customers will refinance outside the Group.
ESG-related regulatory and disclosure environment and
other stakeholders.                                                    •   Increased competition for customer deposits in the
                                                                           context of an uncertain market and elevated interest rate
Any failure by the Group to deliver in accordance with its
                                                                                                                                               Additional
                                                                           environment, with the risk of further increases to the
strategy, or to deliver strategic programs effectively, may
                                                                           Group’s cost of funds relative to its competitors.
result in material losses to the Group, reputational damage, or

                                                                                                                                              information
a failure to achieve anticipated benefits, and ultimately, may         •   Ongoing growth of the broker market and the risk of
materially and adversely impact the Group’s operations and                 disintermediating customer relationships.
financial performance and position.


                                                                                                                   2023 Annual Report   89
Risk factors (cont.)




•    The continued implementation of the Consumer Data                   nascent, but emerging, across all markets in which the
     Right (CDR), known as ‘Open Banking’, in the Australian             Group operates, which may increase the Group’s costs,
     banking sector. The CDR seeks to increase competition               or require the Group to invest in resources to adapt its
     and innovation between service providers by mandating               products or systems to new technologies. The release
     and standardising the sharing of certain consumer and               of Basel Committee’s final Prudential Treatment of Crypto-
     business customer data and data relating to their products          asset Exposures in December 2022 is expected to provide
     and services. In response to the 2022 Statutory Review              the basis for the development by the Australian Prudential
     of the CDR recommendations proposed by the Australian               Regulation Authority (APRA) of its prudential standard in this
     Treasury, the Australian Government committed funding in            area. APRA has announced it will consult on the prudential
     its 2023-24 budget over the next two years to support               treatment for crypto-assets in 2024, which is expected to
     the CDR to maturity in banking and energy, progress its             come into effect in 2025.
     expansion to non-bank lending, progress the design of           •   The commencement of a market study into competition
     action initiation, deliver cyber security enhancements, and         for personal banking services in NZ by the NZ Commerce
     develop a trust brand strategy that will support consumer           Commission. The NZ Commerce Commission’s final report,
     confidence in the CDR. Where large global technology                which will set out its findings on factors that may
     companies choose to participate in the CDR, there is                affect competition in personal banking, including bank
     potential for these companies to access more data which             profitability, and any recommendations, is due to be
     may increase their competitiveness including in other               released in August 2024.
     sectors, such as financial services.
                                                                     Competition for customers, which remains heightened in the
•    The New Zealand (NZ) Government’s decision to establish a       current interest rate environment, can lead to compression in
     CDR in NZ and for banking to be the first sector designated     profit margins and loss of market share. Intense competition
     under the legislation. An exposure draft of the Customer        increases the risk of additional price pressure, especially in
     and Product Data Bill was released in June 2023 for industry    commoditised lines of business, such as mortgages, where
     feedback. The adoption of Open Banking in NZ is designed        the providers with the lowest unit cost may gain market
     to increase competition in the NZ banking industry, and may     share and industry profit pools may be eroded. Such factors
     increase compliance costs for established institutions,         may ultimately impact the Group’s financial performance and
     including Bank of New Zealand (BNZ) and may limit BNZ’s         position, profitability and returns to investors.
     ability to charge for access to payments or data.
•    The evolving and increasingly complex payments                  Risks may arise from pursuing acquisitions and divestments.
     landscape, including increasing use of digital payments,        The Group regularly considers a range of corporate
     new payments infrastructures and emerging technology,           opportunities, including acquisitions, divestments, joint
     and shift away from traditional payment methods. To this        ventures, and investments.
     end, the Australian Government is consulting on proposed
                                                                     Pursuit of corporate opportunities inherently involves
     changes to the Payments Systems (Regulation) Act 1998 to
                                                                     transaction risks, including the risk that the Group over-
     address new payments-related risks following the release
                                                                     values an acquisition or investment, or under-values a
     of its Strategic Plan for Australia’s Payments System in
                                                                     divestment, as well as exposure to reputational damage or
     June 2023.
                                                                     regulatory intervention. The Group may encounter difficulties
•    The Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) proposes to enhance         in integrating or separating businesses, including failure to
     the competitiveness, efficiency and safety of Australia’s       realise expected synergies, disruption to operations, diversion
     debit card market, including expectations for tokenisation      of management resources, or higher than expected costs.
     of payment cards and storage of primary account                 These risks and difficulties may ultimately have an adverse
     numbers in the Australian market. AusPayNet is working          impact on the Group’s financial performance and position.
     with the industry to meet the RBA’s expectations
                                                                     The Group may incur unexpected financial losses following
     including developing more specific tokenisation standards,
                                                                     an acquisition, joint venture, or investment if the business
     if required. Standardisation of tokenised dual network
                                                                     it invests in does not perform as planned or causes
     debit cards will improve portability for both scheme and
                                                                     unanticipated changes to the Group’s risk profile. Additionally,
     proprietary tokens to reduce the friction for merchants
                                                                     there can be no assurance that customers, employees,
     that wish to switch payment service providers.
                                                                     suppliers, counterparties, and other relevant stakeholders will
•    The continued consumer and institutional adoption of            remain with an acquired business following the transaction,
     cryptocurrencies and other digital assets. The rate of          and any failure to retain such stakeholders may have an
     digital asset adoption, digital asset product creation (for     adverse impact on the Group’s overall financial performance
     example, stable coins and decentralised finance) and            and position.
     government responses are expected to influence the
                                                                     Risks related to the Company’s acquisition of Citigroup’s
     future of the sector and its impact on the Group. The
                                                                     Australian consumer business which completed on 1 June 2022
     RBA has completed a research project exploring central
                                                                     continue to exist.
     bank digital currency (CBDC) use cases and identified legal,
     regulatory, technical and operational issues warranting         The Company continues to rely on Citigroup’s regional shared
     further consideration in future research. The RBA’s review      technology infrastructure for transitional services (and will
     of these matters remains ongoing. As part of its multi-         do so through the transition period), as well as Citigroup’s
     stage reform agenda, the Australian Government recently         support for data migration activities after the development of
     completed consultations on token mapping and on the             technology systems within the Group. There is a risk that as
     licensing of payment service providers to help formulate        the integration project and the development of technology
     an appropriate regulatory framework for the crypto and          systems within the Group continues, costs may be higher
     digital assets ecosystem in Australia. A draft Digital Assets   than anticipated, more internal resourcing is required than
     (Market Regulation) Bill 2023 was referred to the Senate        anticipated, or that key employees, customers, suppliers, or
     Economics Legislation Committee which recommended               other stakeholders required for a successful transition, will
     the bill not be passed. Regulation of digital assets is         not be retained. Additionally, there is a risk that the timeline


90     National Australia Bank
Risk factors (cont.)




for the integration is extended, which may result in further       Elevated interest rates to combat persistent inflation may
costs being incurred by the Company.                               result in deterioration in the Group's credit risk profile in the
                                                                   short term through increases in defaulted loans.
                                                                                                                                             About
Citigroup has provided the Company with indemnities relating
to certain matters which may have occurred pre-completion,         Globally, central banks (including in Australia and NZ) have
                                                                   rapidly increased policy rates in response to elevated levels
                                                                                                                                          this report
as well as covenants and warranties in favour of the Company.
There is a risk that these protections may be insufficient         of inflation.
to fully cover liabilities relating to these matters, which may    Inflation remains high and above the targets of many central
have an adverse impact on the Group’s financial performance        banks, including those in the locations in which the Group
and position.                                                      operates. This may increase the risks arising from further rate
The Group may also have ongoing exposures to divested              rises in 2023 and beyond, or from elevated rates, relative to

                                                                                                                                          Our business
businesses, including through a residual shareholding, the         recent historical levels, persisting.
provision of continued services and infrastructure, or an          Elevated interest rates, coupled with existing inflationary
agreement to retain certain liabilities of the divested

                                                                                                                                             in 2023
                                                                   pressures, may increase household and business financial
businesses through warranties and indemnities. These               stress across Australia and NZ, particularly for underprepared
ongoing exposures may have an adverse impact on the                customers. Higher rates typically lead to reduced disposable
Group’s business and financial performance and position. The       income for households leaving sectors exposed to changes
Group may also enter into non-compete arrangements as              in household discretionary spending (including retail trade,
part of divestments, which may limit the future operations of      tourism, hospitality, and personal services) vulnerable to




                                                                                                                                             Creating value
the Group.                                                         significant financial stress in the event of changes to
The Company completed the sale of its advice, platforms,           consumer spending behaviour. This includes a heightened
superannuation and investments and asset management                risk of corporate and business bankruptcies, job losses and
businesses to IOOF Holdings in May 2021, now named Insignia        higher unemployment, particularly in the event of an economic
Financial (MLC Wealth Transaction). As part of the MLC             slowdown. The increased credit risk in affected sectors and
Wealth Transaction, the Company provided Insignia Financial        elevated levels of household and business financial stress
with indemnities relating to certain pre-completion matters,       may result in an increase in losses if customers default
including a remediation program relating to workplace              on their loan obligations and/or higher capital requirements
superannuation matters, breaches of anti-money laundering          through an increase in the probability of default.
laws and regulations, regulatory fines and penalties, and                                                                                 Corporate
certain litigation and regulatory investigations. The Company      A decline in property market valuations may give rise to
also provided covenants and warranties in favour of Insignia       higher losses on defaulting loans.                                    Governance
                                                                                                                                          Statement
Financial. A breach or triggering of these contractual             Lending activities account for most of the Group’s credit risk
protections may result in the Company being liable to              exposure. The Group’s lending portfolio is largely based in
Insignia Financial.                                                Australia and NZ. Residential housing loans and commercial
As part of the MLC Wealth Transaction, the Company retained        real estate loans constitute a material component of the
the companies that operated the advice businesses, such            Group’s total gross loans and acceptances.


                                                                                                                                             Risk
that the Group has retained all liabilities associated with        The Group may have higher credit risk, or experience higher
the conduct of these businesses pre-completion. From               credit losses, to the extent its loans are concentrated by
completion, the Company has agreed to provide Insignia             loan type, industry segment, borrower type, or location of the

                                                                                                                                          management
Financial with certain transitional services and continuing        borrower or collateral. For example, the Group’s credit risk
access to records, as well as support for data migration           and credit losses can increase if borrowers who engage in
activities. The Company may be liable to Insignia Financial if     similar activities are uniquely or disproportionately affected
it fails to perform its obligations. There is a risk that costs    by extreme weather events, economic or market conditions,
associated with separation activities and the costs incurred       or by regulation, such as regulation related to climate
by the Company in satisfying its obligations may be higher         change. Deterioration in economic conditions or real estate

                                                                                                                                            Report of
than anticipated. If so, or if the Company fails to perform its    values in Australia and NZ, where the Group has relatively
obligations, there may be an adverse impact on the Group’s         larger concentrations of lending, including for residential or


                                                                                                                                          the Directors
financial performance and position.                                commercial real estate, could result in higher credit losses
On 17 November 2022, the Company announced its intention           and costs.
to exit its custody business, NAB Asset Servicing. The exit is     Residential and commercial property prices in Australia and
expected to be effected through the transfer of all of NAB         NZ increased for some years up until 2021, but experienced
Asset Servicing’s clients to alternative custody providers over    decline in 2022 following the central banks’ moves to increase




                                                                                                                                             Financial report
a period of approximately three years. The transfer of all         policy rates. House prices have stabilised to date in 2023,
clients over a relatively short period is a complex exercise       with some markets recording price increases, however the
that is subject to operational/transitional risks that will need   recovery has not covered the declines experienced in
to be managed carefully. There is a risk that this does not        2022. Any declines in the value of residential or commercial
occur to plan, and that there may be a potential adverse           property used as collateral (including in business lending)
impact on the Group if not managed appropriately.                  may give rise to greater losses to the Group resulting from
                                                                   customer defaults. This may, in turn, impact the Group’s
Credit risk                                                        financial performance and position, profitability and returns to
Credit risk is the risk that a customer will fail to meet their    investors. The most significant impact, in the event of default,
obligations to the Group in accordance with agreed terms.          is likely to come through residential mortgage customers in

                                                                                                                                           Additional
Credit risk arises from both the Group’s lending activities and    high loan-to-value-ratio brackets.
markets and trading activities.

                                                                                                                                          information




                                                                                                              2023 Annual Report    91
Risk factors (cont.)




Adverse business conditions in Australia and New Zealand,           factors, such as: economic growth rates, environmental and
particularly in the agricultural sector, may give rise to           social issues (including emerging issues such as modern
increasing customer defaults.                                       slavery and nature-related risks), cost and availability of
The Group has a large market share among lenders to the             capital, central bank intervention, inflation and deflation rates,
Australian and NZ agricultural sectors. These sectors may be        level of interest rates, yield curves, market volatility, and
negatively impacted by several factors, including:                  uncertainty. Deterioration in any of these factors may lead to
                                                                    the following negative impacts on the Group:
•    Vulnerability to labour constraints.
                                                                    •   Deterioration in the value and liquidity of assets
•    Trade restrictions and tariffs.
                                                                        (including collateral).
•    Volatility in commodity prices (particularly agricultural
                                                                    •   The inability to price certain assets.
     product prices).
                                                                    •   Environmental conditions and social and governance
•    Foreign exchange rate movements.
                                                                        issues impacting the risk and return profile and/or value of
•    Changes in consumer preference.                                    customers’ security or business operations.
•    Disease and introduction of pathogens and pests (for           •   An increase in customer or counterparty default and
     example the threat of a local foot and mouth disease               credit losses.
     outbreak and spread in Australia of the varroa mite –
                                                                    •   Higher provisions for credit impairment.
     impacting European honey bees).
                                                                    •   Mark-to-market losses in equity and trading positions,
•    Export and quarantine restrictions.
                                                                        including the Company's high-quality liquid asset
•    Supply chain constraints.                                          (HQLA) portfolios.
•    Extreme weather events (including substantial rainfall         •   A lack of available or suitable derivative instruments for
     or drought).                                                       hedging purposes.
•    Increasing weather volatility.                                 •   Increased cost of insurance, lack of available or suitable
•    Longer-term changes in climatic conditions.                        insurance, or failure of the insurance underwriter.
Some customers are facing significant challenges from               Economic conditions may also be negatively impacted by
extreme weather events such as the floods in NZ in 2023,            climate change and major shock events, such as natural
Australian bushfires in 2019/20 and floods in New South Wales       disasters, epidemics and pandemics, war and terrorism,
(NSW) and Queensland (2022 and 2023), which caused stock,           cyber-attacks, political and social unrest, banking instability
crop and plant and equipment loss and damage. These events,         and sovereign debt restructuring and defaults.
combined with changes to future insurance affordability and         The following macro-economic and financial market
availability, may result in increased losses to the Group from      conditions are, as of the date of this Report, of most
customer defaults, and ultimately may have an adverse impact        relevance to the credit risk facing the Group and may affect
on the Group’s financial performance and position. More             revenue growth and/or customer balance sheets:
broadly, physical and transition risks associated with climate
                                                                    •   Global economic growth has slowed to date in calendar
change may also increase current levels of customer defaults
                                                                        year 2023, consistent with expectations of below average
in other sectors.
                                                                        growth in both calendar years 2023 and 2024. Weaker
Adverse business conditions (including supply chain                     economic conditions reflect the impact of tightening
disruptions, labour constraints and rising input costs, including       monetary policy and lending standards, particularly in
from volatile commodity and energy prices and the impact of             advanced economies, along with energy disruptions in
rapid technological change) may also lead to stress in certain          Europe and weak growth rates in China. The risk of
other sectors such as construction, wholesale trade and                 recessions in one or more major economies in calendar
manufacturing. Rising household financial pressures (including          year 2024 remains.
inflationary pressures) also pose a risk to sectors that are
                                                                    •   Inflationary pressures emerged at the start of calendar
reliant on household expenditure.
                                                                        year 2021 and have continued through calendar year 2023,
Market declines and increased volatility may result in the              increasing the cost of living and reducing disposable
Group incurring losses.                                                 income for consumers. The lift in inflation reflected a broad
                                                                        range of factors, including the impact of fiscal stimulus
Some of the Group’s assets and liabilities comprise financial
                                                                        in a range of countries, disruptions to global supply
instruments that are carried at fair value, with changes
                                                                        chains, shortages of key inputs, commodities, and labour
in fair value recognised in the Group’s income statement.
                                                                        in various locations and the impact of the Russia-Ukraine
Movements in interest rates can affect prepayment
                                                                        conflict. The conflict in Israel-Palestine will also likely
assumptions and thus fair value. Market declines and
                                                                        impact inflation, particularly through the impact on global
increased volatility could negatively impact the value of such
                                                                        commodity prices, most notably oil. Although inflation has
financial instruments and cause the Group to incur losses.
                                                                        slowed in calendar year 2023 to date, it remains above the
Other macro-economic, geopolitical, climate, other nature-              targets set by most major central banks.
related or social risks may adversely affect the Group and          •   Persistent inflation and fears that households’ inflation
pose a credit risk.                                                     expectations could become unanchored from central bank
The majority of the Group's businesses operate in Australia             targets (driving increased wage demands) drove global
and NZ, with additional operations located in Asia, the United          central banks (including in Australia and NZ) to rapidly lift
Kingdom, France and the US. Levels of borrowing are heavily             policy rates starting in early 2022 and this trend continued
dependent on customer confidence, employment trends,                    in 2023. Market pricing suggests most major central banks
market interest rates, and other economic and financial                 are either at or near the peak of the rate cycle, although
market conditions and forecasts.                                        forward guidance from these banks indicates that they still
                                                                        have a tightening bias (indicating that policy rates could
Domestic and international economic conditions and                      rise further should the current slowing in inflation falter).
forecasts are influenced by a number of macro-economic


92     National Australia Bank
Risk factors (cont.)




•   A sustained period of increased policy rates, and/or                  and commodity prices. Prices may remain elevated for
    further increases in rates, accompanied by tighter lending            an extended period, which would negatively impact most
    standards in many countries, may expose imbalances or                 businesses and households, and may lead to increased
    weaknesses in balance sheets, including those of financial            credit losses for the Group.                                            About
    institutions, and asset markets that have built up over           •   Other geopolitical risks continue to present uncertainty
    time. This may increase pressure on borrowers, particularly           to the global economic outlook, with negative impacts on             this report
    those that are highly geared and/or face reduced income               consumption and business investment. Tensions between
    due to weaker economic activity. Where concerns over                  the US and China, including in relation to Taiwan, the Russia-
    the viability of financial institutions arise, it can trigger         Ukraine conflict and China’s trade and technology policies,
    contagion fears, potentially destabilising global markets             continue to persist, which could impact global economic
    and, in turn, negatively affecting economic activity. More            growth and global supply chains. Similarly, geopolitical
                                                                                                                                               Our business
    generally, higher policy rates may adversely affect the               tensions in the Asia-Pacific region could increase as a
    Group’s cost of funds, trading income, margins and the                result of the AUKUS pact or other similar agreements.

                                                                                                                                                  in 2023
    value of the Group’s lending and investments.                         The possibility of the war between Israel and Hamas
•   Risk of contagion due to financial system instability                 expanding to become a wider regional conflict in the
    remains an ongoing concern for the Group due to the                   Middle East, poses a fresh threat to the global economy
    interdependency of financial market participants. Where               including potential implications for energy prices, inflation
    concerns over the viability of financial institutions arise, it       and confidence levels.
    can trigger contagion fears, potentially destabilising global




                                                                                                                                                  Creating value
    markets and, in turn, negatively affecting economic activity      Market risk
    and adversely affecting the Group’s results.                      The Group may suffer losses as a result of a change in
•   China is a major trading partner for Australia and NZ,            the value of the Group’s positions in financial instruments,
    with export incomes and business investment exposed to            bank assets and liabilities, or their hedges due to adverse
    changes in China’s economic growth and trade policies.            movements in market prices. Adverse price movements
    China’s economic growth slowed in the June quarter of             impacting the Group may occur in credit spreads, interest
    2023, pointing to the loss of momentum in China’s post-           rates, foreign exchange rates, and commodity and equity
    zero-COVID recovery – with domestic demand remaining              prices, particularly during periods of heightened market
    subdued. There remains considerable uncertainty around            volatility or reduced liquidity. Market volatility has increased
    household consumption and the property sector in China            in response to increased geopolitical risk, rising inflation and         Corporate
                                                                                                                                              Governance
    (including as a result of defaults by major property              central banks lifting interest rates.
    developers), which could negatively impact the global             The occurrence of any event giving rise to material market risk
    economy generally, and the Australian and NZ economy              losses may have a negative impact on the Group’s financial               Statement
    in particular (including by reducing demand for Australian        performance and position.
    and NZ exports). A range of medium to longer-term risks
    also continue to be present, including high corporate             The Group is exposed to credit spread risk.
    debt levels and demographic pressures from China’s                Credit spread risk is the risk that the Group may suffer

                                                                                                                                                  Risk
    ageing population. Although diplomatic tensions between           losses from adverse movements in credit spreads. This is a
    the Chinese and Australian governments appear to have             significant risk in the Group’s trading and banking books.


                                                                                                                                               management
    eased since mid-calendar year 2022, the risk of trade
                                                                      The Group’s trading book is exposed to credit risk movements
    restrictions being imposed on Australian exports remains.
                                                                      in the value of securities and derivatives as a result of
    Such restrictions could have a negative impact on the
                                                                      changes in the perceived credit quality of the underlying
    Group’s customers and may give rise to increasing levels
                                                                      company or issuer. Credit spread risk accumulates in the
    of customer defaults.
                                                                      Group’s trading book when it provides risk transfer services
•   As commodity exporting economies, Australia and NZ are            to customers seeking to buy or sell fixed income securities

                                                                                                                                                 Report of
    exposed to shifts in global commodity prices that can             (such as corporate bonds). The Group may also be exposed
    be sudden, sizeable, and difficult to predict. Fluctuations       to credit spread risk when holding an inventory of fixed
    in commodity markets can affect key economic variables            income securities in anticipation of customer demand or

                                                                                                                                               the Directors
    like national income tax receipts and exchange rates.             undertaking market-making activity (i.e., quoting buy and
    Commodity price volatility remains substantial and, given         sell prices to customers) in fixed income securities. The
    the Group’s sizeable exposures to commodity producing             Group’s trading book is also exposed to credit spread risk
    and trading businesses, this volatility poses a credit risk to    through credit valuation adjustments. A widening of credit
    the Group.                                                        spreads could negatively impact the value of the credit




                                                                                                                                                  Financial report
•   Ongoing geopolitical instability, such as that caused by          valuation adjustments.
    the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, has              The Group’s banking book houses the Group’s liquidity
    negatively impacted, and could in the future negatively           portfolio. While the Group hedges the interest rate risk on this
    impact, the global and Australian economies, including            portfolio, it is subject to credit spread risk through changes
    by causing supply chain disruptions, rising prices for oil        in spreads on its holdings of semi-government bonds. These
    and other commodities, volatility in capital markets and          positions form part of the required holdings of HQLAs used
    foreign currency exchange rates, rising interest rates and        in managing the Group’s liquidity risk and can give rise to
    heightened cybersecurity risks. In response to the Russia-        material profit and loss volatility within the Group’s Treasury
    Ukraine conflict, several countries (including Australia and      portfolio during periods of adverse credit spread movements.

                                                                                                                                                Additional
    NZ) imposed wide ranging economic sanctions and export            Positions in Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities that
    controls on individuals and firms closely connected to the        arise through the Group’s warehousing, underwriting, and
    Russian Government or conducting economic activity in
                                                                                                                                               information
                                                                      syndication operations also form part of the banking book and
    certain regions of Ukraine. These sanctions, as well as           are exposed to changes in credit spreads.
    responsive measures, continue to impact the European
    and global economy, including through volatile energy


                                                                                                                  2023 Annual Report     93
Risk factors (cont.)




The Group is exposed to interest rate risk.                          the repayment of deposits on demand or at their contractual
The Group's financial performance and capital position are           maturity, the repayment of wholesale borrowings and loan
impacted by changes in interest rates.                               capital as they mature, the payment of interest on borrowings
                                                                     and the payment of operational expenses and taxes. The
The Group’s trading book is exposed to changes in the
                                                                     Group must also comply with prudential and regulatory liquidity
value of securities and derivatives as a result of changes
                                                                     obligations across the jurisdictions in which it operates.
in interest rates. The Group’s trading book accumulates
                                                                     Any significant deterioration in the Group’s liquidity position
interest rate risk when the Group provides interest rate
                                                                     may lead to an increase in the Group’s funding costs,
hedging solutions for customers, holds interest rate risk in
                                                                     constrain the volume of new lending or cause the Group to
anticipation of customer requirements, or undertakes market-
                                                                     breach its prudential or regulatory liquidity obligations. This
making activity in fixed income securities or interest rate
                                                                     may adversely impact the Group’s reputation and financial
derivatives. The level of volatility in interest rate markets has
                                                                     performance and position
increased in the post-pandemic period after a broadening
of inflationary pressures saw major central banks unwind             Funding risk is the risk that the Group is unable to raise short
stimulus and rapidly tighten monetary policy. Market volatility      and long-term funding to support its ongoing operations,
has increased in response to increased geopolitical risk, rising     regulatory requirements, strategic plans, and objectives. The
and sustained inflation, central banks lifting interest rates and    Group accesses domestic and global capital markets to help
other macroeconomic risks.                                           fund its business, along with using customer deposits. The
                                                                     final maturity dates of the additional and Supplementary
Balance sheet and off-balance sheet items can create an
                                                                     Allowance of the drawn Term Funding Facility (TFF) (a three-
interest rate risk exposure within the Group. As interest rates
                                                                     year facility established by the RBA to support lending to
and yield curves change over time, the Group may be exposed
                                                                     the Group’s customers) are concentrated during 2024 for
to a loss in earnings and economic value due to the interest
                                                                     all participating Authorised Deposit-taking Institutions (ADIs)
rate profile of its balance sheet. Such exposure may arise
                                                                     including the Group (the Initial Allowance matured in 2023).
from a mismatch between the maturity profile of the Group’s
                                                                     The Group relies on offshore wholesale funding to support its
lending portfolio compared to its deposit portfolio (and other
                                                                     funding and liquidity position. Periods of heightened market
funding sources), as well as the extent to which lending
                                                                     volatility may limit the Group’s access to this funding source.
and deposit products can be repriced should interest rates
                                                                     Disruption in global capital markets, reduced investor interest
change, thereby impacting the Group’s net interest margin.
                                                                     in the Group’s securities and/or reduced customer deposits,
                                                                     may adversely affect the Group’s funding and liquidity position.
The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk.
                                                                     This may increase the cost of obtaining funds, reduce the
Foreign exchange risks are evident in the Group’s trading and        tenor of available funds or impose unfavourable terms on the
banking books.                                                       Group’s access to funds, constrain the volume of new lending,
Foreign exchange and translation risks arise from the impact         or adversely affect the Group’s capital position.
of currency movements on the value of the Group’s positions
in financial instruments, profits and losses, and assets and         The Group’s capital position may be constrained by
liabilities due to participation in global financial markets and     prudential requirements.
international operations.                                            Capital risk is the risk that the Group does not hold sufficient
The Group’s ownership structure includes investment in               capital and reserves to cover exposures and to protect
overseas subsidiaries and associates which gives rise to             against unexpected losses. Capital is the cornerstone of the
foreign currency exposures, including through the repatriation       Group’s financial strength. It supports the Group’s operations
of capital and dividends. The Group’s businesses may                 by providing a buffer to absorb unanticipated losses from
therefore be affected by a change in currency exchange               its activities.
rates, and movements in the mark-to-market valuation of              The Group must comply with prudential requirements in
derivatives and hedging contracts.                                   relation to capital across the jurisdictions in which it operates.
The Group’s financial statements are prepared and presented          Compliance with these requirements, and any further changes
in Australian dollars unless otherwise stated, and any adverse       to these requirements may:
fluctuations in the Australian dollar against other currencies       •   Limit the Group’s ability to manage capital across the
in which the Group invests or transacts, and generates                   entities within the Group.
profits (or incurs losses), may adversely impact its financial       •   Limit payment of dividends or distributions on shares and
performance and position.                                                hybrid instruments.
The Group is exposed to market risk should it be unable to           •   Require the Group to raise more capital (in an absolute
sell down its underwriting risk.                                         sense) or raise more capital of higher quality.
As financial intermediaries, members of the Group underwrite         •   Restrict balance sheet growth.
or guarantee different types of transactions, risks and              Current regulatory changes that could present a risk to the
outcomes, including the placement of listed and unlisted debt,       Group’s capital position include loss-absorbing requirements
equity-linked and equity securities. The underwriting obligation     for Domestic Systemically Important Banks (D-SIBs), which
or guarantee may be over the pricing and placement of                include the Group. These changes require an increase to total
these securities, and the Group may therefore be exposed             capital by 4.5% of risk weighted assets (RWA) by 1 January 2026,
to potential losses, which may be significant, if it fails to sell   with an interim increase by 3% of RWA by 1 January 2024. These
down some or all of this risk to other market participants.          requirements are expected to be satisfied primarily through
                                                                     the issue of additional Tier 2 Capital which will further increase
Capital, funding and liquidity risk                                  the Group’s funding costs due to the higher cost of Tier 2
                                                                     Capital issuance relative to senior debt.
The Group is exposed to funding and liquidity risk.
                                                                     On 21 September 2023, APRA released a Discussion Paper,
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is unable to meet its
                                                                     outlining potential options for, and seeking feedback from
financial obligations as they fall due. These obligations include
                                                                     stakeholders on, improving the effectiveness of Additional


94   National Australia Bank
Risk factors (cont.)




Tier 1 (AT1) capital in Australia. APRA intends to follow           loss of customer data, loss of market share, loss of property
this process with a formal consultation in 2024 on any              or information, or may adversely impact the Group’s speed
proposed amendments to prudential standards. Changes to             and agility in the delivery of change and innovation.
the requirements for AT1 capital may impact the Group’s             In addition, any such disruption may adversely affect the trust          About
capital position.
                                                                                                                                          this report
                                                                    that internal and external stakeholders have in the Group’s
In addition, revisions to the Reserve Bank of New Zealand           ability to protect key information (such as customer and
capital requirements (to be phased in by 2028) will require the     employee records) and infrastructure. This may in turn affect
Group to hold more capital in NZ.                                   the Group’s reputation, which may result in loss of customers,
If the information or the assumptions upon which the Group’s        a reduction in share price, ratings downgrades and regulatory
capital requirements are assessed prove to be inaccurate,           censure or penalties.


                                                                                                                                          Our business
this may adversely impact the Group’s operations, financial
                                                                    Privacy, information security and data breaches may
performance and financial position.
                                                                    adversely impact the Group’s reputation and operations.

                                                                                                                                             in 2023
A downgrade in the Group’s credit ratings or outlook                The Group collects, processes, stores and transmits large
may adversely impact its cost of funds and capital                  amounts of personal and confidential information through its
market access.                                                      people, technology systems and networks and the technology
Credit ratings are an assessment of a borrower’s                    systems and networks of its external service providers.
creditworthiness and may be used by market participants             Threats to information security are constantly evolving and
                                                                    techniques used to perpetrate cyber-attacks are increasingly




                                                                                                                                             Creating value
in evaluating the Group and its products, services, and
securities. Credit rating agencies conduct ongoing review           sophisticated. In addition, the number, nature and resources
activities, which can result in changes to credit rating settings   of adverse actors that could pose a cyber threat to the Group
and outlooks for the Group, or credit ratings of sovereign          is growing, including individual cybercriminals, criminal or
jurisdictions where the Group conducts business. Credit             terrorist syndicate networks and large sophisticated foreign
ratings may be affected by operational and other market             governments with significant resources and capabilities.
factors (e.g. ESG-related), or changes in a credit rating           There is a risk that the Group’s efforts to improve its
agency’s rating methodologies.                                      technology systems and networks and its information security
A downgrade in the credit ratings or outlook of the Group,          policies, procedures and controls may not be adequate to
                                                                                                                                          Corporate
the Group’s securities, or the sovereign rating of one or           address these threats. While the Group participates in internal
more of the countries in which the Group operates, may              and external reviews and testing and is subject to regulatory
increase the Group’s cost of funds or limit its access to           oversight, which collectively helps to identify weaknesses           Governance
                                                                    and areas for improvement, remediation of weaknesses
                                                                                                                                          Statement
capital markets. This may also cause a deterioration of
the Group’s liquidity position and trigger additional collateral    is sometimes difficult to complete in a timely manner
requirements in derivative contracts and other secured              due to the complex technology environment (including
funding arrangements. A downgrade to the Group’s credit             third party involvement) and the rapidly evolving nature of
ratings relative to its peers may also adversely impact             the threats, which leads to the continuing emergence of
                                                                    new vulnerabilities.

                                                                                                                                             Risk
the Group’s competitive position and financial performance
and position.                                                       As cyber threats continue to evolve, the Group may
                                                                    be required to expend significant additional resources

                                                                                                                                          management
Operational risk                                                    to continue to modify or enhance its layers of
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate      defence or to investigate and remediate any information
or failed internal processes, people and systems or external        security vulnerabilities.
events. This includes legal risk but excludes strategic risk.       The Group may also not always be able to anticipate a security
                                                                    threat, or be able to implement effective information security
Disruption to technology may adversely impact the Group’s
                                                                    policies, procedures, and controls to prevent or minimise

                                                                                                                                            Report of
reputation and operations.
                                                                    the resulting damage. The Group may also inadvertently
Most of the Group’s operations depend on technology                 retain information which is not specifically required or is

                                                                                                                                          the Directors
and therefore the reliability, resilience, and security of the      not permitted by legislation, thus increasing the impact of a
Group’s (and its third- party vendors’) information technology      potential data breach or non-compliance. A successful cyber-
systems and infrastructure are essential to the effective           attack could persist for an extended period before being
operation of the Group’s business and consequently to its           detected and, following detection, it could take considerable
financial performance and position. The reliability, security and   time for the Group to obtain full and reliable information about
resilience of the Group’s technology may be impacted by the         the cybersecurity incident and the extent, amount and type of




                                                                                                                                             Financial report
complex technology environment, failure to keep technology          information compromised. During an investigation, the Group
systems up-to-date, an inability to restore or recover systems      may not necessarily know the full effects of the incident or
and data in acceptable timeframes, or a physical or cyber-          how to remediate it, and actions and decisions that are taken
attack against the Group or its external providers including        or made in an effort to mitigate risk may further increase
suppliers of cloud services to the Group.                           the costs and other negative consequences of the incident.
The rapid evolution of technology in the financial services         Moreover, the Group may be required to disclose information
industry and the increased expectations of customers for            about a cybersecurity event before it has been resolved
internet and mobile services on demand expose the Group to          or fully investigated. Additionally, the Group uses select
changing operational scenarios.                                     external providers (in Australia and overseas) to process

                                                                                                                                           Additional
                                                                    and store confidential data and to develop and provide its
Any disruption to the Group’s technology (including disruption
                                                                    technology services, including the increasing use of cloud
to the technology systems of the Group’s external providers)

                                                                                                                                          information
                                                                    infrastructure. While the Group negotiates comprehensive
may be wholly or partially beyond the Group’s control and
                                                                    risk-based controls with its service providers, it is limited in
may result in operational disruption, regulatory enforcement
                                                                    its ability to monitor and control the security protocols that
actions, customer redress, litigation, financial losses, theft or
                                                                    service providers implement on a day-to-day basis. The Group


                                                                                                              2023 Annual Report    95
Risk factors (cont.)




may also submit confidential information to its key regulators     The materialisation of any of these risks could lead to direct
under a legal obligation and as part of regulatory reporting.      financial loss, loss of customer, employee or commercially
A breach of security at any of these external providers,           sensitive data, regulatory penalties, and reputational damage.
regulators or within the Group may result in operational
                                                                   The Group may not be able to attract and retain
disruption, theft or loss of customer or employee data, a
                                                                   suitable talent.
breach of privacy laws, regulatory enforcement actions, civil
penalties, customer or employee redress, litigation, financial     The Group is dependent on its ability to attract and retain
losses, or loss of market share, property, or information.         key executives, employees, and Board members with a deep
This may be wholly or partially beyond the control of the          understanding of banking and technology, who are qualified
Group and may adversely impact its financial performance           to execute the Group’s strategy, including the technology
and position. For example, some large Australian organisations     transformation the Group is undertaking to meet the changing
have experienced significant cyber-attacks in recent years         needs of its customers. Potential weaknesses in employment
leading to intense public reactions and increased political and    practices, including diversity, anti-discrimination, workplace
regulatory focus.                                                  flexibility, payroll compliance, workplace health and safety
                                                                   and employee wellbeing, together with a competitive labour
In addition, any such event may give rise to increased
                                                                   market for critical skills, are sources of operational risk that
regulatory scrutiny or adversely affect the view of ratings
                                                                   can impact the Group’s ability to attract and retain qualified
agencies. Social media commentary, and the Group’s
                                                                   personnel with the requisite knowledge, skills and capability.
responses to the relevant event, may exacerbate the impact
                                                                   The effective management of psychosocial risk (including
on the Group’s reputation.
                                                                   relating to workplace factors such as customer aggression,
The threat environment has also seen a new vector appear in        workload issues or poor change management) is an area of
the form of generative AI, the threat of which is uncertain, but   focus within the Group to support colleague wellbeing and
which is a step-change in AI. While generative AI has potential    retain talent. It is also an area of increasing regulatory scrutiny
to support significant service advances for customers, it          and reputational risk.
also has potential to assist and enable and enhance existing
                                                                   The Group’s capacity to attract and retain key talent, in
methods for criminals to perpetrate fraud, scams, and cyber
                                                                   addition to providing attractive career opportunities, also
threats against the Company and its customers.
                                                                   depends on its ability to design and implement effective
Complexity of infrastructure, processes and models, gives          remuneration and talent structures. This may be constrained
rise to a significant risk to the Group’s operations.              by several factors, including by regulatory requirements
                                                                   (particularly in the highly regulated financial services sector).
The Group’s business involves the execution of many
processes and transactions with varying degrees of                 The unexpected loss of key resources or the inability to
complexity. The Group is reliant on its policies, processes,       attract personnel with suitable experience may adversely
controls, and supporting infrastructure functioning as             impact the Group’s ability to operate effectively and
designed, and on third parties appropriately managing their        efficiently, or to meet the Group’s strategic objectives. This
own operational risk and delivering services to the Group          risk may also impact third party vendors (including offshore
as required. A failure in the design or operation of these         vendors) engaged by the Group, who may be experiencing
policies, processes, controls, and infrastructure, failure of      similar personnel related challenges.
the Group to manage external service providers, or the
                                                                   External events may adversely impact the
disablement of a supporting system, all pose a significant
                                                                   Group’s operations.
risk to the Group’s operations and consequently its financial
performance, reputation and the timeliness and accuracy of         Operational risk can arise from external events such
its statutory and prudential reporting.                            as biological hazards, climate change, natural disasters,
                                                                   widespread disease or pandemics, or acts of terrorism and
Models are used extensively in the conduct of the Group’s
                                                                   geopolitical conflict.
business, for example, in calculating capital requirements
or customer compensation payments, and in measuring                The Group has branches across Australia in locations that are
and stressing exposures. If the models used prove to               prone to seasonal natural disasters. Recent examples are
be inadequate, or are based on incorrect or invalid                the bushfires over the 2019/2020 summer period in NSW and
assumptions, judgements or inputs, this may adversely affect       Victoria, and severe flooding events in Eastern Australia in 2021
the Group’s customers and the Group’s financial performance        and 2022 and North-Eastern Australia in 2023. In addition, the
and position.                                                      Group has branches and office buildings in NZ, which is prone
                                                                   to extreme weather events and has experienced significant
The Group is exposed to the risk of human error.                   flooding and earthquakes in recent years, as well as a severe
The Group’s business, including the internal processes             and damaging tropical cyclone in February 2023, and which
and systems that support business decisions, relies on             may be exposed to the risk of future extreme weather events
appropriate actions and inputs from its employees, agents,         and earthquakes.
and external providers. The Group is exposed to operational        Given the Group’s physical presence in major cities in
risk due to process or human error, including incorrect            Australia, NZ and other countries where it has, or is intending
or incomplete data capture and records maintenance,                to establish, offshore operations, it may also be exposed to
incorrect or incomplete documentation to support activities,       the risk of a terrorist attack.
or inadequate design of processes or controls. The Group           The Group has operations in India and Vietnam conducting a
uses select external providers (in Australia and overseas) to      range of essential business functions and processes including
provide services to the Group and is exposed to similar risks      transaction processing and technology development.
arising from such failures in the operating environment of its     Disruption to these centres may have a material impact on
external providers.                                                the Group’s operations.
                                                                   Geopolitical risks continue to present uncertainty to the
                                                                   Group’s operations. Tensions between the US and China,


96   National Australia Bank
Risk factors (cont.)




including in relation to Taiwan, the Russia-Ukraine and              customers. Furthermore, management of transition risk is
Israel-Gaza conflicts and China’s trade and technology               more challenging given the presence of social risks such as
policies, continue to persist, which could impact the Group’s        modern slavery in relevant supply chains e.g., input materials
operations adversely, for example through disruption to global       and equipment required to support the low carbon transition.              About
supply chains and availability of talent.
                                                                                                                                            this report
                                                                     NZ also faces geological risk associated with major
External events, such as extreme weather, natural disasters,         earthquakes and certain areas of Australia have also more
biological hazards, and acts of terrorism may cause property         recently experienced some earthquake-related damage.
damage and business disruption, which may adversely impact           Nature-related risks (caused by impacts and dependencies
the Group’s financial performance. In addition, if the Group is      on nature), such as deforestation and illegal land clearing,
unable to manage the impacts of such external events, it may         and biodiversity loss and ecosystem degradation, may

                                                                                                                                            Our business
compromise the Group’s ability to provide a safe workplace           disrupt business activities and supply chains, and may cause
for its personnel and/or lead to reputational damage. The            business impacts including contributing to raw material
environment the Group is operating in has become more                and/or commodity price volatility, stranded assets, changes in

                                                                                                                                               in 2023
complex and more uncertain and could create operational              customer demand and changes in the regulatory environment.
risks that are yet to be identified.                                 Examples include: the decline of bee populations which
                                                                     provide pollination services to agriculture, the collapse of
Sustainability risk
                                                                     fishing or agricultural yields, and a decrease in air or
Sustainability risk is the risk that ESG-related events              water quality.
or conditions arise that could negatively impact the




                                                                                                                                               Creating value
                                                                     These risks may increase expected and actual levels
sustainability, resilience, risk and return profile, value, or
                                                                     of customer defaults, thereby increasing the credit risk
reputation of the Group or its customers and suppliers.
                                                                     facing the Group and adversely impacting the Group’s
Inadequate management of ESG risks by the Group or its
                                                                     financial performance and position, profitability and returns
customers may expose the Group to other potential risks
                                                                     to investors.
across risk categories such as strategic, credit, compliance,
conduct, operational risk and capital, funding and liquidity risk.   The Group, its customers, or its suppliers may fail to comply
                                                                     with legal, regulatory or voluntary standards or broader
Physical and transition risks arising from climate change,
                                                                     shareholder, community and stakeholder expectations
other environmental impacts and nature-related risks may
                                                                                                                                            Corporate
                                                                     concerning ESG risk performance.
lead to increasing customer defaults and decrease the
value of collateral.                                                 ESG issues have been subject to increasing legal,
                                                                     regulatory, voluntary, and prudential standards and increasing        Governance
Extreme weather, increasing weather volatility, and longer-
                                                                                                                                            Statement
                                                                     (and sometimes differing) community and stakeholder
term changes in climatic conditions, as well as environmental
                                                                     expectations. These include:
impacts such as land contamination and other nature-related
risks such as deforestation, biodiversity loss and ecosystem         •   Environmental issues – such as climate change,
degradation, may affect water security, property and asset               deforestation and illegal land clearing, biodiversity loss,
values or cause customer losses due to damage, crop losses,              ecosystem degradation, and pollution. Supervisory and

                                                                                                                                               Risk
existing land use ceasing to be viable, and/or interruptions to,         regulatory guidance and requirements for banks are
or impacts on, business operations and supply chains.                    increasingly focusing on ESG risks, as regulators seek
                                                                         to understand and manage system- wide impacts such

                                                                                                                                            management
Globally, an increasing number of countries are prone to, and
                                                                         as those arising from climate-related risks. This focus is
have experienced, acute physical climate events. In Australia
                                                                         quickly evolving to broader environmental issues, such
and NZ these have included drought conditions, bushfires over
                                                                         as nature-related risks, as the links between nature and
summer periods, and severe floods, particularly in Eastern
                                                                         economic prosperity and societal wellbeing are becoming
Australia over the past three years including in 2023. NZ
                                                                         better understood. This has been a particular focus of the
also experienced a severe and damaging tropical cyclone
                                                                         Task Force on Nature-related Financial Disclosures, whose

                                                                                                                                              Report of
in February 2023. Extreme weather events are expected to
                                                                         recommendations were released in September 2023, and
increase globally and locally in frequency and severity, which
                                                                         the development of which has been supported by the
may have adverse macroeconomic impacts. The impact of

                                                                                                                                            the Directors
                                                                         Australian and United Kingdom governments.
extreme weather events can take time to be fully realised and
be widespread, extending beyond residents, businesses, and           •   Social issues – such as human rights (including modern
primary producers in highly impacted areas, to supply chains             slavery), compliance with recognised labour standards
in other cities and towns relying on agricultural and other              and fair working conditions, unfair and inequitable
products from within these areas. The impact of these losses             treatment of people including discrimination, product




                                                                                                                                               Financial report
on the Group may be exacerbated by a decline in the value                responsibility, appropriate remuneration, and indigenous
and liquidity of assets held as collateral and the extent to             land rights and cultural heritage including any such
which these assets are insured or insurable, which may impact            potential impacts on these matters from a customer’s
the Group’s ability to recover its funds when loans default.             operations and/or projects.
Climate-related transition risks are increasing as economies,        •   Governance issues – such as bribery and corruption, tax
governments, and companies seek to transition to low-carbon              avoidance, greenwashing and other false or misleading
alternatives and adapt to climate change. Certain customer               environmental or sustainability claims, poor governance,
segments may be adversely impacted as the economy                        lack of transparency, and not fulfilling accountabilities.
transitions to renewable and low-emissions technology.               As certain issues become better understood and the

                                                                                                                                             Additional
Decreasing investor appetite and customer demand for                 associated risks can be more accurately quantified,
carbon intensive products and services, increasing climate-          corporate ESG commitments, and performance against those
related litigation, and changing regulations and government
                                                                                                                                            information
                                                                     commitments, are being more closely monitored by external
policies designed to mitigate climate change, may negatively         stakeholders. Globally, and particularly in Australia, regulators
impact revenue and access to capital for some businesses,            have strengthened their policy guidance in relation to
and/or the Group’s products or services that serve those             sustainability-related disclosures and governance practices,


                                                                                                                2023 Annual Report    97
Risk factors (cont.)




with particular emphasis on greenwashing. Consumer and fair-      Certain products, services or industries may become subject
trading issues in relation to environmental and sustainability    to heightened public scrutiny, either generally or following
claims are a 2023-24 compliance and enforcement priority          a specific adverse event, or because of activism by
of the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission             shareholders, investors or special interest groups. This could
(ACCC), aimed at improving the integrity of environmental         result in a sudden and significant decrease in demand for
and sustainability claims and to protect consumers from           these products or services and a negative impact on revenue
greenwashing. Effective regulatory frameworks underpinning        and access to capital for some businesses and increasing
sustainable finance continues to be a key theme and               litigation risk. Reputational damage to impacted suppliers,
strategic priority of the Australian Securities and Investments   customers or customer sectors may give rise to associated
Commission (ASIC) in 2023. In 2022, Australian regulators (in     reputational damage to the Group. In addition, levels of
particular, ASIC) increased enforcement activity in relation      customer defaults in an impacted sector may increase,
to sustainability-related disclosures and that trend has          adversely impacting the Group’s financial performance and
continued in 2023.                                                position, profitability and returns to investors.
ESG due diligence requirements may become mandatory
                                                                  Conduct risk
in some jurisdictions in which the Group operates, placing
increasing demands on the Group’s processes and capability        Conduct risk is the risk that any action (or inaction) of the
to manage, monitor and address ESG risks.                         Group, or those acting on behalf of the Group, will result in
                                                                  unfair outcomes for any of the Group’s customers.
The impacts associated with climate change-related
legislative and regulatory initiatives, customer requirements     The Group is reliant on its employees, contractors and
and the transition to a low carbon economy, including meeting     external suppliers acting in an appropriate and ethical way.
new regulatory expectations, retrofitting of assets, energy
                                                                  Organisational culture can greatly influence individual and
efficient and low carbon investments, purchasing carbon
                                                                  group behaviours. Poor culture can expose an organisation
credits or paying carbon taxes, may result in operational
                                                                  and lead to customer harm, financial loss and detriment.
changes and additional expenditures that could adversely
                                                                  The behaviours that could expose the Group to conduct
affect the Group and/or its customers.
                                                                  risk include:
The Group’s reputation and business prospects may also
                                                                  •   Failure to design products and services that are
be damaged if it does not, or is perceived not to,
                                                                      transparent, accessible, and easy for the Group’s
effectively prepare for the potential business and operational
                                                                      customers to understand.
opportunities and risks associated with climate change,
including through the development and marketing of effective      •   Unmanaged conflicts of interest that could influence
and competitive products and services designed to address             behaviour that is not in the customer’s best interest.
clients’ climate risk-related needs. These risks include          •   Non-adherence to applicable learning and competency
negative market perception, reduced market share and                  training requirements.
regulatory and litigation consequences associated with            •   Selling, providing, or unduly influencing customers to
greenwashing claims or driven by association with clients,            purchase or receive products or services that may not
industries or products that may be inconsistent with the              meet their existing needs or that place the customer at
Group’s stated positions on climate change issues.                    risk of future hardship.
Failure by the Group to:                                          •   Use of Artificial Intelligence (AI) that is inappropriate or
•    Comply with ESG-related regulatory requirements or               inconsistent with community and customer expectations,
     standards, including emerging ESG-related disclosure             or the overreliance on algorithmic outcomes without
     requirements arising globally and following the release          adequate human supervision.
     of the International Sustainability Standards Board’s        •   Making representations to customers about products or
     Sustainability and Climate disclosure standards, the             services of the Group which are inaccurate, misleading
     proposed introduction of climate-related disclosure              or deceptive, including representations which may mislead
     requirements by the Australian Accounting Standards              customers on the extent to which the Group’s practices
     Board, and recently introduced disclosure requirements in        are environmentally friendly, sustainable or ethical.
     NZ, related to the recommendations of the Task Force on
                                                                  •   Being a party to fraud.
     Climate-related Financial Disclosures.
                                                                  •   Failure to protect customers from fraud or scams when
•    Meet ESG-related commitments, goals and targets set by
                                                                      banking through digital channels or failure to respond
     the Group, or Group ESG-related policies.
                                                                      adequately to customers impacted by external fraud
•    Meet community and stakeholder expectations in relation          or scams.
     to ESG.
                                                                  •   Non-adherence to applicable requirements or providing
•    Apply appropriate ESG standards to its customers, or to          financial advice which is not appropriate or in a
     entities in the Group’s supply chain.                            customer’s interests.
•    Appropriately make representations about its ESG-related     •   Delays in appropriately escalating regulatory and
     products and performance.                                        compliance issues.
may adversely impact the Group’s reputation, and                  •   Failure to resolve issues and remediate customers
shareholder, customer and employee sentiment towards                  in a timely manner and in accordance with
the Group, may increase the risk of ESG-related litigation            community expectations.
against the Group, or may result in regulatory fines or
                                                                  •   Failure to deliver on product and service commitments.
penalties, including litigation or regulatory action related
to green washing. Risk also exists due to well-funded and         •   Failure to remediate ineffective business processes and
strategic private litigants actively seeking opportunities to         stop re-occurrence of issues in a timely manner.
take litigation action in Australia.                              •   Failure to act in accordance with the Group’s Code of
                                                                      Conduct or Financial Markets Conduct Policy.


98     National Australia Bank
Risk factors (cont.)




If the Group’s conduct related controls were to fail                  to AUSTRAC or equivalent foreign regulators, and additional
significantly, be designed inappropriately, or not meet legal or      enhancements of the Group’s systems and processes may
regulatory requirements or community expectations, then the           be required.
Group may be exposed to, among other things:                          A negative outcome to any investigation or remediation                  About

                                                                                                                                           this report
•   Increased costs of compliance, fines, additional                  process, or a failure to comply with the EU, may adversely
    capital requirements, public censure, loss of customer            impact the Group’s reputation, business operations, financial
    confidence, class actions and other litigation, settlements,      position, and results.
    and restitution to customers or communities.                      As a bank engaged in global finance and trade, the
•   Increased supervision, oversight, or enforcement by               Group faces risks relating to compliance with AML/CTF, ABC
    regulators or other stakeholders.                                 and financial sanctions laws across multiple jurisdictions.

                                                                                                                                           Our business
•   Unenforceability of contracts such as loans, guarantees,          Undetected failure of internal controls, or the ineffective
    and other security documents.                                     remediation of compliance issues could lead to breaches
                                                                      of AML/CTF and/or ABC obligations or sanctions violations,

                                                                                                                                              in 2023
•   Enforced suspension of operations, amendments to
                                                                      resulting in potentially significant monetary and regulatory
    licence conditions, or loss of licence to operate all or part
                                                                      penalties, which, in turn, may adversely impact the Group’s
    of the Group’s businesses.
                                                                      reputation, financial performance, and position.
•   Other enforcement or administrative action or agreements,
                                                                      The risks of sanctions violations are increased in the context
    including legal proceedings.
                                                                      of additional, wide ranging economic sanctions and export




                                                                                                                                              Creating value
A failure of the Group’s conduct-related controls to                  controls imposed in 2022 and 2023 as a result of the
accurately reflect relevant legal, regulatory or community            Russia-Ukraine conflict and the continued attempts by those
expectations may adversely impact the Group’s reputation,             subject to sanctions to evade and circumvent their impact.
financial performance and position, profitability, operations         NAB’s sanctions compliance function continues to monitor
and returns to investors and can result in customer harm,             the sanctions issued as a result of rising tensions in the
financial loss and detriment.                                         Middle East. NAB’s sanctions controls remain well equipped
                                                                      to support compliance with new and anticipated sanctions
Compliance risk                                                       measures imposed by regulators. Refer to ‘Notes to the
Compliance risk is the risk of failing to understand and comply       Consolidated Financial Statements’ Note 31 Commitments and
with relevant laws, regulations, licence conditions, supervisory      Contingent liabilities, on page 233 in the Group’s 2023 Annual       Corporate
requirements, self-regulatory industry codes of conduct and           Report, ‘Regulatory activity, compliance investigations and
voluntary initiatives, as well as the internal policies, standards,   associated proceedings – AML and CTF program uplift and             Governance
procedures, and frameworks that support fair and equitable
                                                                                                                                           Statement
                                                                      compliance issues’ for more information.
treatment of customers.
                                                                      The Group may fail to comply with applicable laws and
The Group may be involved in a breach or alleged breach of            regulations which may expose the Group to significant
laws governing bribery, corruption and financial crime.               compliance and remediation costs, regulatory enforcement
                                                                      action or litigation, including class actions.

                                                                                                                                              Risk
Supervision and regulation of financial crime and enforcement
of anti- bribery and corruption (ABC), anti-money laundering          The Group is highly regulated and subject to various regulatory
and counter-terrorism financing (AML/CTF) laws have                   regimes which differ across the jurisdictions in which it

                                                                                                                                           management
increased in recent years.                                            operates, trades, and raises funds.
On 29 April 2022, the Company entered into an enforceable             Ensuring compliance with all applicable laws is complex. There
undertaking (EU) with the Australian Transaction Reports and          is a risk the Group will be unable to implement the processes
Analysis Centre (AUSTRAC) to address AUSTRAC’s concerns               and controls required by relevant laws and regulations in
with the Group’s compliance with certain AML and CTF                  a timely manner, or that the Group’s internal controls will
requirements. Under the terms of the EU, the Company and              prove to be inadequate or ineffective in ensuring compliance.

                                                                                                                                             Report of
the relevant members of the Group are required to:                    There is also a potential risk of misinterpreting new or
•   Complete a Remedial Action Plan (RAP) approved                    existing regulations.

                                                                                                                                           the Directors
    by AUSTRAC.                                                       There is significant cost associated with the systems,
•   Address, to AUSTRAC’s satisfaction, any deficiencies or           processes, controls, and personnel required to comply with
    concerns with activities in the RAP identified by AUSTRAC.        applicable laws and regulations. Such costs may negatively
                                                                      impact the Group’s financial performance and position. Any
In May 2022, the Company appointed an external auditor (as
                                                                      failure to comply with relevant laws and regulations may have
required under the EU). The Company obtains interim reports




                                                                                                                                              Financial report
                                                                      a negative impact on the Group’s reputation and financial
from the external auditor on a quarterly basis and an annual
                                                                      performance and position and may give rise to class actions,
basis. The external auditor will provide a final report to the
                                                                      litigation, or regulatory enforcement, which may in turn result
Company for the period up to 31 March 2025.
                                                                      in the imposition of civil or criminal penalties, or additional
The Company has completed approximately three-quarters                regulatory capital requirements, on the Group.
of its required activities under the RAP. A number of these
                                                                      Entities within the Group have been, and may continue to
activities require review by the External Auditor, and some
                                                                      be, involved from time to time in regulatory enforcement
of the more complex activities under the RAP have longer
                                                                      and other legal proceedings arising from the conduct of
timeframes for completion. The Company continues to
                                                                      their business. There is inherent uncertainty regarding the
oversee delivery of the RAP commitments through dedicated

                                                                                                                                            Additional
                                                                      possible outcome of any legal or regulatory proceedings
EU Governance forums.
                                                                      involving the Group. It is also possible that further class
The Group continues to investigate and remediate a number             actions, regulatory investigations, compliance reviews, civil
                                                                                                                                           information
of known AML/CTF compliance issues and weaknesses,                    or criminal proceedings, or the imposition of new licence
including in accordance with the EU. As this work progresses,         conditions or regulatory capital requirements could arise in
further compliance issues may be identified and reported              relation to known matters or other matters of which the Group


                                                                                                                2023 Annual Report   99
Risk factors (cont.)




is not yet aware. The aggregate potential liability and costs     institutions to provide suitable products and services to First
associated with legal proceedings cannot be estimated with        Nations peoples).
any certainty.                                                    Since coming into power in May 2022, the Australian
A negative outcome to regulatory investigations or litigation     Government has released its inaugural Strategic Plan for
involving the Group may impact the Group’s reputation,            the Payments System, an initial Data and Digital Government
divert management time from operations, and affect the            Strategy and a proposed 2023-2030 Australian Cyber Security
Group’s financial performance and position, profitability, and    Strategy. It is also progressing discussions with the RBA on
returns to investors. Refer to ‘Notes to the Consolidated         recommendations from the Review of the Reserve Bank of
Financial Statements’ Note 31 Commitments and Contingent          Australia which may have implications for the Group and
liabilities on pages 233 to 237 in the Group’s 2023 Annual        for the Australian economy. The Group will be subject to
Report for details in relation to certain current legal and       significant regulatory and process changes as the Australian
regulatory proceedings, compliance reviews and associated         Government finalises and implements its strategic policy
remediation, and other contingent liabilities which may impact    priorities and digitalisation agenda in the period ahead.
the Group.                                                        Ongoing and proposed regulatory changes, reviews and
                                                                  inquiries relevant to the Group include operational resilience
Extensive regulatory change poses a significant risk to
                                                                  (including cyber security), market risk capital reform, liquidity
the Group.
                                                                  reforms, CDR reforms (expansion to non-bank lenders, action
Globally, the financial services and banking industries are       initiation, and consent), crypto assets (prudential treatment,
subject to significant and increasing levels of regulatory        licensing and custody), governance, vulnerability (including
change, reviews and political scrutiny, including in Australia,   hardship, domestic violence, accessible and inclusive
NZ and other countries where the Group has, or is intending to    banking and regional branch closures), financial claims
establish, offshore operations.                                   scheme, personal property securities framework reform,
Examples of regulatory change in other jurisdictions that may     financial advice reforms, market abuse or conduct-related
directly or indirectly impact the Group’s Australian operations   regulations, changes to financial benchmarks, derivatives
include changes relating to the Group of 20 (G20) over-the-       reform, modification of legislation applicable to deposit
counter derivative products, potential updates to the Foreign     takers in NZ, payments, data quality, protection and privacy
Exchange Global Code, U.K. and European market abuse              law reforms, competition inquiries (ACCC Retail Deposits
regulations, European Union directives relating to Corporate      Inquiry, Treasury Review of Competition Policy Settings),
Sustainability Reporting and Corporate Sustainability Due         financial crime legislation (including de-banking), accounting,
Diligence and the French Duty of Vigilance legislation. The       disclosure and reporting requirements (financial, sustainability
pace, volume, and complexity of change may also expose            and climate risk, reportable situations, complaints and
the Group to the increased risk of failure to adequately          remuneration), bankruptcy and personal and corporate
identify all applicable regulatory changes. Changes to laws       insolvency, human rights, modern slavery, tax reform and the
and regulations or their interpretation and application can       Australian Securities Exchange CHESS replacement.
be unpredictable, are beyond the Group’s control, and may         Current consumer-centric regulatory changes due to take
not be harmonised across the jurisdictions in which the           effect in the coming months include enhancements to the
Group operates.                                                   Unfair Contract Terms (UCT) regime for consumers and small
Regulatory change may result in significant capital and           businesses and the Banking Code of Practice. The changes
compliance costs, changes to the Group’s corporate                to UCT will allow Courts to impose substantial penalties on
structure, and increasing demands on management,                  businesses and individuals who include unfair terms in their
colleagues and information technology systems. This may           standard form contracts. Regulatory priorities may also direct
also impact the competitiveness of the Group in certain of        or influence the manner in which the Group is currently
its businesses, the viability of the Group’s participation in     meeting its obligations to customers.
certain markets or require the divestment of a part of the        With increasing evidence of consumers experiencing financial
Group’s business.                                                 distress and difficulty due to cost-of-living pressures, ASIC
Operationalising large volumes of regulatory change presents      expects lenders to work constructively with their customers
ongoing risks for the Group. Extensive work is done to assess     to find a sustainable solution in the period ahead. In addition,
proposed design solutions and to test design effectiveness        ASIC’s strategic priority to take action to address poor
of controls for each regulatory change before the effective       product design and distribution and poor consumer outcomes
date, however, the operating effectiveness of some controls       is expected to drive both issuers’ and distributors’ focus
cannot be fully tested until the go-live date for the relevant    on the application of the ‘reasonable steps’ obligations to
regulatory change has occurred. There are also inherent risks     ensure financial products are appropriately distributed to
associated with the dependency on third parties for the           their respective target markets.
effectiveness of some controls.                                   Further inquiries and regulatory reviews impacting the
The Group is in the process of implementing key regulatory        financial services industry may be commissioned by the
changes that have yet to take effect. These include               Australian and NZ governments, which, depending on their
the Financial Accountability Regime Act 2023, Operational         scope, findings and recommendations, may adversely impact
Risk Management (CPS 230), Public Disclosure (APS 330)            the Group.
and Recovery and Exit Planning (CPS 190). Other notable           Examples of specific reviews and regulatory reforms currently
changes which have taken effect recently include the              relevant to the Group, and which present a potential material
Compensation Scheme of Last Resort (which facilitates             regulatory risk include those set out below.
payment of compensation for eligible consumers who have
                                                                  •   The Financial Markets (Conduct of Institutions) Amendment
received a determination from the Australian Financial Claims
                                                                      Act 2022 (CoFI Act) will create an oversight and licensing
Authority that remains unpaid) and ASIC’s Indigenous Financial
                                                                      regime for regulating conduct in the banking, non-bank
Services Framework (which aims to encourage financial
                                                                      deposit taking and insurance sectors in NZ. The CoFI Act
                                                                      is expected to come into force in early 2025.


100   National Australia Bank
Risk factors (cont.)




•   Legislation was introduced into Parliament in November                requirements for disclosure of climate-related financial
    2022 to enable ‘write access’ or ‘action initiation’ within           risks and opportunities in Australia.
    the CDR regime which may present additional cyber and
                                                                                                                                              About
                                                                       – Changes to international accounting standards on
    fraud risks in the CDR ecosystem, if passed. Governance              disclosure of sustainability and climate-related financial
    mechanisms including accountabilities, controls, and                 information published by the International Sustainability
    frameworks are still evolving and, under the Open Banking            Standards Board in 2023 and amendments to Australian              this report
    regime, customer data may be shared with, and received               Accounting Standards proposed by the Australian
    from, a broader range of stakeholders. Significant Group             Accounting Standards Board (AASB) to introduce three
    resources and management time have been, and will                    Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards.
    continue to be, utilised to implement and progress Open
                                                                       – The final recommendations of the Taskforce on Nature-
    Banking (including supporting the CDR to mature in the

                                                                                                                                           Our business
                                                                         related Financial Disclosures which were published in
    banking sector).
                                                                         September 2023.
•   At the direction of the Treasurer in February 2023, the ACCC
                                                                       – Expansion of modern slavery and sustainability due
                                                                                                                                              in 2023
    is conducting an inquiry into the market for the supply of
                                                                         diligence requirements in Australia, New Zealand and the
    retail deposit products to ensure that there is competition
                                                                         European Union.
    between Australian banks in relation to the pricing and
    features of retail deposit products offered to customers.        The full scope, timeline and impact of current and potential
    The inquiry will look at matters including the interest rates    inquiries and regulatory reforms such as those mentioned
    paid by ADIs for retail deposits, how the interest rates are     above, or how they will be implemented (if at all in some




                                                                                                                                              Creating value
    set between retail deposit products and lending products         cases), is not known.
    (including home loans), decisions made in light of changes       Depending on the specific nature of the regulatory change
    to the RBA target cash rate, the extent of competition in        requirements and how and when they are implemented or
    the market for retail deposit products and how deposit           enforced, they may have an adverse impact on the Group’s
    products are a source of funding for the supply of credit.       business, operations, structure, compliance costs or capital
    The ACCC is to provide its report by 1 December 2023.            requirements, and ultimately its competitiveness, reputation,
•   Globally, regulators increasingly expect that the financial      financial performance, or financial position.
    services industry, including banks, will play a more
    substantive role in protecting customers from scams and          The Group may be exposed to losses if critical accounting
    other fraudulent activity. While recognising the potential       judgements and estimates are subsequently found to                    Corporate
                                                                     be incorrect.
    for regulatory change to address the impact of scams,                                                                                 Governance
    the Group continues to proactively educate its customers         Preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires
    about scams and further enhance its systems and                  management to make estimates and assumptions and to                   Statement
    processes to detect and protect customers and the                exercise judgement in applying relevant accounting policies,
    Group from scams and fraud. In this way, the Group seeks         each of which may directly impact the reported amounts of
    to mitigate the risk to customers from scam or fraud             assets, liabilities, income, and expenses. A higher degree of
    activity that may be difficult for the Group to anticipate       judgement is required for the recognition and estimates used

                                                                                                                                              Risk
    or control. Although no government policy or position in         in the measurement of provisions (including for customer-
    relation to a contingent reimbursement scheme has been           related remediation and other regulatory matters), the


                                                                                                                                           management
    promulgated in Australia, the Group’s strategic planning and     determination of income tax, the valuation of financial assets
    enhancement of systems and processes will also prepare           and liabilities (including fair value and credit impairment of
    it for expected regulatory change in this regard. Given          loans and advances), and the valuation of goodwill and
    the considerable growth in industry and customer losses          intangible assets arising from business acquisitions.
    from scams and fraud, the potential costs associated with        If the judgements, estimates, and assumptions used by the
    control failures and transferal of risk from the customer        Group in preparing the financial statements are subsequently

                                                                                                                                             Report of
    may be significant.                                              found to be incorrect, there could be a significant loss
•   New Base Erosion and Profit Shifting rules (Pillar Two           to the Group beyond that anticipated or provided for,
    model rules) have been released by the OECD that are             which may adversely impact the Group’s reputation, financial

                                                                                                                                           the Directors
    designed to ensure that multinational enterprises pay            performance and financial position.
    a minimum tax of 15% tax on income arising in each
    jurisdiction. The rules will come into effect for NAB globally
    commencing 2025. The rules are complex and will require
    global implementation resulting in increased compliance




                                                                                                                                              Financial report
    costs. Substantial changes will be required to existing tax
    operations with a focus on an increase in global data
    analytics capabilities.
•   Proposed ESG-related regulatory regimes, including
    increasing obligations relating to modern slavery, human
    rights, sustainable finance, climate, and other sustainability
    risk-related prudential guidance, and regulatory and
    disclosure requirements. These include:
    – The climate-related disclosures regime under the

                                                                                                                                            Additional
        Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 in NZ, which requires
        mandatory climate-related reporting from early 2024,
        and the expected introduction of similar requirements
                                                                                                                                           information
        in Australia in 2024/2025 following the consultations
        by Australian Treasury in 2023 on the design and
        implementation of standardised, internationally-aligned


                                                                                                               2023 Annual Report   101
This page has been intentionally left blank.
                                                          About

                                                       this report




                                                       Our business


Report                                                    in 2023



of the
                                                          Creating value
Directors

                                                       Corporate
                                                      Governance
                                                       Statement




                                                          Risk


The directors of National Australia Bank Limited       management
(NAB or the Company) present their report, together
with the financial report of the Group, being NAB
and its controlled entities, for the year ended 30

                                                         Report of
September 2023. The following information forms
part of the Report of the Directors:


                                                       the Directors
• Our business (page 12)
• Operating environment (pages 18 to 19)
• Information on directors, company secretaries,
  and board meetings (pages 64 to 68 and 73)




                                                          Financial report
• Risk factors (pages 89 to 101)
• Climate change and environment (pages 37 to 42)




                                                        Additional

                                                       information
Operating and financial review
Principal activities                                                  Environmental, Social and
The principal activities of the Group during the year were            Governance disclosure
banking services, credit and access card facilities, leasing,         Environmental regulation and climate-related disclosures
housing and general finance, international, investment and
                                                                      The Group’s operations are not subject to any site-specific
private banking and wealth management services, funds
                                                                      environmental licences or permits which would be considered
management and custodian, trustee and nominee services.
                                                                      particular or significant under the laws of the Commonwealth
For further details on Our business refer to page 12.                 of Australia or of an Australian state or territory.
                                                                      As a lender, the Group may incur environmental liabilities in
Significant change in the state of affairs                            circumstances where it takes possession of a borrower’s
•   On 28 February 2023, the Group completed the $2.5 billion         assets and those assets have associated environmental risks.
    on-market buy-back announced on 24 March 2022. On                 The Group has developed and implemented credit policies
    15 August 2023, the Group announced its intention to buy          that aim to ensure that these risks are minimised and
    back up to $1.5 billion of NAB ordinary shares on-market          managed appropriately.
    to progressively manage its CET1 capital ratio towards its
                                                                      The Group’s operations are subject to the National
    target range. Including the previous buy-back, the Group
                                                                      Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007 (Cth) (NGER Act)
    has bought back and cancelled 29,832,512 ordinary shares
                                                                      in Australia. While this legislation is not particular to the
    ($0.9 billion) in the full year ended 30 September 2023
                                                                      Group or significant in its impact, the Group complied with its
    including $0.3 billion (0.07% of CET1 capital) in the half year
                                                                      requirements. The NGER Act requires the Group to report on
    ended 30 September 2023.
                                                                      the period from 1 July to 30 June (the environmental reporting
•   Changes to the composition of the Executive Leadership            year), therefore, all of the Group's energy and GHG emissions
    Team have occurred or were announced during 2023 and up           reporting is aligned to this reporting period. Further details on
    until the date of this report, namely:                            the Group’s GHG reporting subject to the NGER Act is provided
    – On 21 March 2023, NAB announced Group Chief Financial           in the Climate change and environment section of this Report
       Officer Gary Lennon would retire from NAB effective            on pages 37 to 40.
       1 October 2023. Group Executive Strategy & Innovation
       Nathan Goonan was appointed Group Chief Financial              The Group’s United Kingdom-based operations are subject to
       Officer in an expanded role, effective 1 July 2023.            the Energy Savings Opportunities Scheme (ESOS), introduced
                                                                      by the United Kingdom ESOS Regulations 2014 which came
    – On 4 July 2023, NAB announced Group Executive People            into force in July 2014. The ESOS requires mandatory energy
      and Culture Susan Ferrier would retire from NAB effective       assessments (audits) of an organisation's buildings and
      31 October 2023. On 3 August 2023 Sarah White,                  transport to be conducted every four years. The Group fulfilled
      previously Chief of Staff to the NAB Group CEO, was             its most recent ESOS obligation in December 2019 and will
      appointed Group Executive People & Culture, effective           resubmit as required in June 2024.
      18 August 2023.
                                                                      The Group is voluntarily reporting data required for the
    – On 5 October 2023, NAB announced Group Chief Digital,
                                                                      Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR) requirements
      Data & Analytics Officer Angela Mentis would retire
                                                                      which are implemented through the Companies (Directors’
      from NAB. Group Chief Operating Officer Les Matheson
                                                                      Report) and Limited Liability Partnerships (Energy and Carbon
      was appointed Group Executive Digital, Data and Chief
                                                                      Report) Regulations 2018 (United Kingdom) as part of the
      Operating Officer in an expanded role. Both changes
                                                                      legislative response to climate change in the United Kingdom.
      were effective 1 November 2023.
                                                                      This information is now provided in the Group’s 2023
    – No other changes to the composition of the Executive            Climate Report.
      Leadership Team occurred during 2023 and up until the
                                                                      Further details of the Group’s environmental performance are
      date of this report.
                                                                      provided in the Creating value section of our Annual Report,
•   Changes to the Board occurred or were announced during            more specifically, a summary of the Group’s approach to
    2023 and up until the date of this report, namely:                climate change governance, strategy, risk management and
    – Christine Fellowes was appointed as an independent              metrics and targets consistent with the recommendations of
       non-executive director, effective 5 June 2023.                 the TCFD is provided on pages 37 to 40 titled Climate change
    – Carolyn Kay was appointed as an independent non-                and environment.
      executive director, effective 31 July 2023.                     Further detailed information on the Group’s approach to
    – Alison Kitchen was appointed as an independent non-             climate change is provided in the Group’s 2023 Climate
      executive director, effective 27 September 2023.                Report, which is aligned to the TCFD requirements, and
    – Two current non-executive directors, David Armstrong            includes methodological information related to the Group's
      and Peeyush Gupta, will stand down following the                GHG-related reporting, which was previously published in
      Company’s 2023 AGM in December, having served three             separate documents.
      terms of three years on the Board.                              The Group's 2023 Climate Report is available as part of the
    – No other changes to the composition of the Board have           Group’s annual reporting suite at nab.com.au/annualreports. A
      occurred during 2023 and up until the date of this report.      detailed breakdown of the Group’s Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions
                                                                      is provided in the 2023 Sustainability Data pack.
There were no other significant changes in the state of affairs
of the Group that occurred during the financial year under
review that are not otherwise disclosed in this report.




104   National Australia Bank
Operating and financial review (cont.)




Modern slavery                                                      Information about cash earnings
The Group is subject to modern slavery legislation in Australia     Cash earnings is a non-IFRS key financial performance

                                                                                                                                             About
and the United Kingdom. The Group has prepared a Modern             measure used by the Group and the investment community.
Slavery Act statement which sets out actions taken by the           The Group also uses cash earnings for its internal

                                                                                                                                          this report
Group during 2023 to ensure that its business operations, and       management reporting as it better reflects what is considered
its supply chain, are free from slavery and human trafficking.      to be the underlying performance of the Group. Cash earnings
This statement is made available online at nab.com.au/              is calculated by adjusting statutory net profit from continuing
modernslaverystatement in accordance with both the UK               operations for certain non-cash earnings items. Non-cash
Modern Slavery Act and the Modern Slavery Act 2018 (Cth).           earnings items are those items which are considered
                                                                    separately when assessing performance and analysing the
Litigation and disputes
                                                                                                                                          Our business
                                                                    underlying trends in the business. These include items such as
From time to time entities within the Group may be involved         hedging and fair value volatility, the amortisation of acquired
in disputes or legal proceedings arising from the conduct           intangible assets and gains or losses and certain other items

                                                                                                                                             in 2023
of their business. The outcomes and total costs associated          associated with acquisitions, disposals and business closures.
with such ongoing disputes and proceedings are typically            Cash earnings does not purport to represent the cash flows,
uncertain. Any material legal proceedings may adversely             funding or liquidity position of the Group, nor any amount
impact the Group's reputation and financial performance             represented on a statement of cash flows. It is not a statutory
and position.                                                       financial measure and is not presented in accordance




                                                                                                                                             Creating value
Refer to Note 31 Commitments and contingent liabilities of the      with Australian Accounting Standards and is not audited or
notes to the financial statements for details of the Group's        reviewed in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.
material legal proceedings and contingent liabilities.              Cash earnings for the year ended 30 September 2023 has been
                                                                    adjusted for the following:
Financial performance summary
                                                                    •   hedging and fair value volatility
The following financial discussion and analysis is based on
statutory information unless otherwise stated. The statutory        •   amortisation of acquired intangible assets
information is presented in accordance with the Corporations        •   acquisitions, disposals and business closures.
Act 2001 (Cth) and Australian Accounting Standards and is
audited by the Group's auditors in accordance with Australian       Information about net interest margin                                 Corporate
Auditing Standards.                                                 Net interest margin is a non-IFRS key financial performance
                                                                    measure that is calculated as cash net interest income               Governance
Non-IFRS key financial performance measures used by
the Group
                                                                    (Cash NII) expressed as a percentage of average interest              Statement
                                                                    earning assets.
Certain financial measures detailed in the Report of
the Directors are not accounting measures within the                Information about average balances
scope of International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).        Average balances, including average equity (adjusted), total

                                                                                                                                             Risk
Management use these financial metrics to evaluate the              average assets and average interest earning assets are
Group’s overall financial performance and position and believe      based on daily statutory average balances.
the presentation of these financial measures provide useful

                                                                                                                                          management
                                                                    This methodology produces numbers that NAB believes
information to analysts and investors regarding the results
                                                                    more accurately reflect seasonality, timing of accruals and
of the Group's operations. These financial performance
                                                                    restructures (including discontinued operations), which would
measures include:
                                                                    otherwise not be reflected in a simple average.
•   cash earnings
                                                                    Refer to page 106 for a five-year summary of the Group’s
•   statutory return on equity                                      average equity (adjusted), total average assets and average

                                                                                                                                            Report of
•   cash return on equity                                           interest earning assets.
•   net interest margin
                                                                    Rounding of amounts

                                                                                                                                          the Directors
•   average equity (adjusted)
                                                                    In accordance with ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial /
•   average interest earning assets                                 Directors' Reports) Instrument 2016/191, all amounts have
•   total average assets.                                           been rounded to the nearest million dollars, except where
                                                                    indicated. Any discrepancies between total and sums of
The Group regularly reviews the non-IFRS measures included
                                                                    components in tables contained in this report are due
in the Report of the Directors to ensure that only relevant




                                                                                                                                             Financial report
                                                                    to rounding.
financial measures are incorporated. Certain other financial
performance measures detailed in the Report of the Directors
are derived from IFRS measures and are similarly used by
analysts and investors to assess the Group’s performance.
These measures are defined in the Glossary.
Any non-IFRS measures included in this document are not a
substitute for IFRS measures and readers should consider the
IFRS measures as well. The non-IFRS measures referred to
above have not been presented in accordance with Australian
                                                                                                                                           Additional
Accounting Standards, nor audited or reviewed in accordance
with Australian Auditing Standards unless they are included in

                                                                                                                                          information
the financial statements.
Further detail in relation to these financial measures is set out
below and in the Glossary.


                                                                                                              2023 Annual Report   105
Operating and financial review (cont.)




5 Year Financial Performance Summary
                                                                                                                              Group
                                                                                                    2023            2022           2021            2020           2019
                                                                                                      $m              $m             $m              $m             $m
 Net interest income                                                                              16,807          14,840          13,793         13,877          13,555
 Other income                                                                                      3,841           3,730           2,936           3,259          3,980
 Operating expenses                                                                               (9,382)          (8,702)        (7,863)         (9,221)        (8,263)
 Credit Impairment (charge) / write-back                                                            (816)            (124)           202          (2,752)          (927)
 Profit before income tax                                                                         10,450           9,744           9,068           5,163          8,345
 Income tax expense                                                                               (2,980)          (2,684)        (2,597)         (1,665)        (2,440)
 Net profit for the year from continuing operations                                                7,470           7,060           6,471           3,498          5,905
 Net loss after tax for the year from discontinued operations                                         (51)           (169)          (104)           (935)        (1,104)
 Net profit for the year                                                                           7,419           6,891           6,367           2,563          4,801
 Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                        5              -               3              4               3
 Net profit attributable to owners of the Company                                                  7,414           6,891           6,364           2,559          4,798




5 Year Key Performance Indicators
                                                                                                                              Group
                                                                                                    2023            2022           2021            2020           2019
 Key indicators
 Statutory earnings per share (cents) - basic                                                      236.4            214.1          193.0            82.1          168.6
 Statutory earnings per share (cents) - diluted                                                    228.7            205.6          185.2            80.5          164.4
 Statutory return on equity                                                                        12.3%           11.3%           10.4%            4.4%           9.1%
 Cash return on equity(1)                                                                          12.9%           11.7%           10.7%            6.5%          11.4%
 Profitability, performance and efficiency measures
 Dividend per share (cents)                                                                           167            151             127              60            166
 Net interest margin                                                                               1.74%           1.65%           1.71%          1.77%           1.78%
 Total Group capital
 Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio                                                        12.22%          11.51%          13.00%         11.47%          10.38%
 Tier 1 capital ratio                                                                             14.19%          13.14%          14.64%         13.20%          12.36%
 Total capital ratio                                                                              19.88%          18.17%          18.91%         16.62%          14.68%
 Risk-weighted assets ($bn)                                                                        435.0            449.9          417.2           425.1          415.8
 Volumes ($bn)
 Gross loans and acceptances (GLAs)(2)                                                             708.5            687.7          629.1           594.1          601.4
 Average interest earning assets                                                                   966.7            900.3          805.0           781.7          758.8
 Total average assets                                                                            1,065.1            991.5          889.6           877.0          835.9
 Total customer deposits                                                                           587.4            566.7          500.3           468.2          424.6
 Average equity (adjusted)(3)                                                                        60.1            60.8           61.2            56.7           51.6
 Asset quality
 90+ days past due and gross impaired assets to GLAs                                               0.75%           0.66%           0.94%          1.03%           0.93%
 Full-time equivalent employees (FTE)(4)
 FTE (spot)                                                                                       38,516          35,558          33,275         34,944          34,370
 FTE (average)                                                                                    37,290          34,022          34,217         34,841          33,950
 (1) Full detail on how cash earnings is defined, a discussion of non-cash earnings items and a full reconciliation of statutory net profit attributable to owners of the
     Company is set out in Note 2 Segment information of the Financial Report on page 169. Statutory return on equity and statutory earnings per share (EPS) are presented
     on page 106.
 (2) Including loans and advances at fair value.
 (3) Average equity on a cash and statutory basis are equal.
 (4) Excluding discontinued operations, FTE (spot) is 38,128 (2022: 35,128) and FTE (average) is 36,895 (2022: 33,530).




106   National Australia Bank
Operating and financial review (cont.)




Financial performance

                                                                                                                                             About
                                                                                                                  Group
                                                                                                           2023               2022

                                                                                                                                          this report
                                                                                                             $m                   $m
 Net interest income                                                                                      16,807            14,840
 Other income                                                                                              3,841              3,730
 Net operating income                                                                                     20,648            18,570
 Operating expenses                                                                                       (9,382)            (8,702)


                                                                                                                                          Our business
 Credit Impairment charge                                                                                   (816)             (124)
 Profit before income tax                                                                                 10,450              9,744


                                                                                                                                             in 2023
 Income tax expense                                                                                       (2,980)            (2,684)
 Net profit for the year from continuing operations                                                        7,470              7,060
 Net loss after tax for the year from discontinued operations                                                (51)             (169)
 Net profit for the year                                                                                   7,419              6,891
 Profit / (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests                                                        5                -




                                                                                                                                             Creating value
 Net profit attributable to owners of the Company                                                          7,414              6,891


September 2023 v September 2022                                   Income tax expense increased by $296 million or 11.0% largely
Net profit attributable to owners of the Company (statutory       due to a higher profit before tax.
net profit) increased by $523 million or 7.6%.                    Discontinued operations are excluded from the individual
Net interest income increased by $1,967 million or 13.3%.         account lines of the Group's results and are reported
Excluding the Citi consumer business, net interest income         as a single net loss after tax line item. The results of
increased by $1,776 million or 12.1%. This includes a decrease    discontinued operations primarily relate to costs associated
                                                                                                                                          Corporate
of $318 million due to movements in economic hedges, offset       with managing the run-off of the MLC Wealth retained
in other operating income. Excluding these movements, the         entities, combined with a re-assessment of the provisions for
underlying increase of $2,094 million or 14.3% was primarily      customer-related remediation.                                          Governance
                                                                                                                                          Statement
due to higher earnings on deposits and capital driven by the
rising interest rate environment and higher average interest      Review of group and divisional results
earning assets. These movements were partially offset by
                                                                  September 2023 v September 2022
lower housing lending margins, deposit mix impact due to
growth in term deposits and higher wholesale funding costs.       Group

                                                                                                                                             Risk
Other income increased by $111 million or 3.0%. Excluding the     Net profit increased by $523 million or 7.6%.
Citi consumer business, other operating income increased by
$53 million or 1.4%. This includes an increase of $318 million    Business and Private Banking

                                                                                                                                          management
due to movements in economic hedges, offset in net interest       Net profit increased by $298 million or 9.9%, driven by higher
income. Excluding these movements, the underlying decrease        revenue as a result of volume growth and higher net interest
of $265 million or 7.1% was primarily due to lower volumes        margin. This was partially offset by increased operating
of realised gains on bond sales in Treasury (high-quality         expenses and credit impairment charges.
liquids portfolio), and the impact of one-off gain on the
disposal of BNZ Life not repeated in the September 2023           Personal Banking

                                                                                                                                            Report of
full year. These were partially offset by higher NAB risk
                                                                  Net profit decreased by $170 million or 10.7%, driven by higher
management income in Markets, combined with a positive
                                                                  credit impairment charges and operating expenses, partially

                                                                                                                                          the Directors
derivative valuation adjustment.
                                                                  offset by an increase in revenue.
Operating expenses increased by $680 million or 7.8%.
Excluding the Citi consumer business, operating expenses          Corporate and Institutional Banking
increased by $440 million or 5.2%. This includes an increase      Net profit increased by $57 million or 3.3%, driven by higher
of $40 million for a provision in respect of a one-off levy for   revenue partially offset by higher expenses and credit




                                                                                                                                             Financial report
the Compensation Scheme of Last Resort (CSLR). Excluding          impairment charges.
these movements, the underlying increase of $400 million
or 4.7% was primarily driven by higher personnel expenses         New Zealand Banking
due to an increase in average FTE and salary and related          Net profit increased by $61 million or 4.6%, driven by higher
costs, together with continued investment in technology and       revenue, partially offset by higher operating expenses and
compliance capabilities including fraud and cyber security.       credit impairment charges.
This was partially offset by productivity benefits achieved
through continued process improvements and simplification         Corporate Functions and Other
of the Group’s operations, lower costs associated with            Net loss decreased by $277 million or 36.3%, driven by lower
the acquisition, disposals and closure of Group businesses,       credit impairment charges and higher NAB risk management
                                                                                                                                           Additional
combined with lower remediation charges.                          income in Treasury, partially offset by higher operating
Credit impairment charge increased by $692 million driven by      expenses combined with the impact of the one-off gain on

                                                                                                                                          information
a higher level of collective credit impairment charges across     the disposal of BNZ Life not repeated in the September 2023
the Group's lending portfolio, combined with a higher level of    full year.
specific credit impairment charges off a low base.


                                                                                                              2023 Annual Report   107
Operating and financial review (cont.)




Group balance sheet review                                                          •   All other assets increased by $2,331 million or 13.3% primarily
                                                                                        due to an increase in accrued interest receivable and
                                                               Group                    outstanding settlements for securities sold.
                                                           2023             2022    Liabilities
                                                             $m              $m
                                                                                    Total liabilities increased by $1,486 million or 0.1%. The key
    Assets                                                                          movements are as follows:
    Cash and liquid assets                               24,699           56,451    •   Due to other banks decreased by $35,163 million or 47.1%
    Due from other banks                               117,306           141,861        predominantly due to the commencement of measuring
    Collateral placed                                    11,286           13,115        certain repurchase agreements at fair value through profit
    Trading assets                                     101,168            40,573
                                                                                        or loss which are now presented within Other financial
                                                                                        liabilities, and a reduction in TFF owing to the RBA.
    Debt instruments                                     46,357           42,080
                                                                                    •   Collateral received decreased by $6,573 million or 38.1% due
    Other financial assets                                1,430            2,061
                                                                                        to a decrease in derivative assets.
    Derivative assets                                    34,269           61,016
                                                                                    •   Other financial liabilities increased by $43,066 million due
    Loans and advances                                 702,702           680,434        to the commencement of measuring certain repurchase
    All other assets                                     19,866           17,535        agreements at fair value through profit or loss.
    Total assets                                     1,059,083          1,055,126   •   Derivative liabilities decreased by $21,853 million or 38.0%
    Liabilities                                                                         predominantly driven by foreign exchange and interest rate
    Due to other banks                                   39,516           74,679        movements during the period.
    Collateral received                                  10,672           17,245    •   Deposits and other borrowings decreased by $1,406 million
                                                                                        or 0.2% primarily due to the commencement of measuring
    Other financial liabilities                          66,352           23,286
                                                                                        certain repurchase agreements at fair value through profit
    Derivative liabilities                               35,633           57,486
                                                                                        or loss which are now presented within Other financial
    Deposits and other borrowings                      682,120           683,526        liabilities, partly offset by growth in customer deposits.
    Bonds, notes and subordinated debt                 135,645           119,283    •   Bonds, notes and subordinated debt increased by
    Debt issues                                           8,561            7,318        $16,362 million or 13.7% primarily driven by net new issuances
    All other liabilities                                19,081           13,271        in line with the Group's funding requirements.
    Total liabilities                                  997,580           996,094    •   All other liabilities increased by $5,810 million or 43.8%
                                                                                        primarily due to an increase in accrued interest payable
    Total equity                                         61,503           59,032
                                                                                        and payables for securities purchased.
    Total liabilities and equity                     1,059,083          1,055,126
                                                                                    Equity
September 2023 v September 2022                                                     Total equity increased by $2,471 million or 4.2%. The key
                                                                                    movements are as follows:
Assets
                                                                                    •   Contributed equity decreased by $853 million or 2.2%
Total assets increased by $3,957 million or 0.4%. The key
                                                                                        primarily driven by share buy-backs during the period.
movements are as follows:
                                                                                    •   Reserves increased by $647 million primarily due to
•    Cash and liquid assets decreased by $31,752 million or 56.2%
                                                                                        movements in the foreign currency translation reserve.
     predominantly due to the commencement of measuring
     certain reverse repurchase agreements at fair value                            •   Retained profits increased by $2,328 million or 10.8%
     through profit or loss which are now presented within                              reflecting current period statutory profits, partially offset
     Trading assets.                                                                    by dividends paid.
•    Due from other banks decreased by $24,555 million
     or 17.3% primarily due to a decrease in the Exchange
                                                                                    Strategic highlights(1)
     Settlement Account (ESA) balance with the RBA and the                          The close of 2023 marks the third full year under the Group’s
     commencement of measuring certain reverse repurchase                           refreshed long-term strategy. This strategy is centred on
     agreements at fair value through profit or loss which are                      delivering better outcomes for customers and colleagues
     now presented within Trading assets, partly offset by an                       while keeping the bank safe. It is supported by disciplined
     increase in deposits with overseas central banks.                              execution and persistent investment to create a simpler,
                                                                                    more streamlined business, which is more productive, resilient
•    Collateral placed decreased by $1,829 million or 13.9% as a
                                                                                    and efficient. Good progress has been made towards the
     result of a decrease in derivative liabilities.
                                                                                    Group's strategic objectives over the past three years with
•    Trading assets increased by $60,595 million driven by the                      more to do. The Group remains focused on executing its
     commencement of measuring certain reverse repurchase                           strategy and building on the progress made in recent years.
     agreements at fair value through profit or loss.
                                                                                    The Group exists to serve customers well and help our
•    Debt instruments increased by $4,277 million or 10.2%                          communities prosper. To achieve this, the Group is focused
     due to an increase in semi-government bonds, notes                             on key priorities that it believes will make a real difference to
     and securities.                                                                its customers and colleagues, and support over time its aim to
•    Derivative assets decreased by $26,747 million or 43.8%                        be known for being:
     predominantly driven by foreign exchange and interest rate                     •   Relationship-led; building on market leading expertise, data
     movements during the period.                                                       and insights.
•    Loans and advances increased by $22,268 million or 3.3%                        •   Easy; a simpler, more seamless and digitally enabled bank
     primarily due to growth in housing lending.                                        that gets things done faster.
    (1) Amounts presented in this section are based on cash earnings.


108     National Australia Bank
Operating and financial review (cont.)




•     Safe; protect customers and colleagues through financial                              pressures, the Group adopted a disciplined approach to
      and operational resilience.                                                           originating new home loans, which saw its share of system
                                                                                            growth(3) reduce from 1.1x in 2022 to 0.7x in 2023.
                                                                                                                                                                                       About
•     Long-term; deliver sustainable outcomes for stakeholders.
Executing the Group’s strategy is expected to deliver better                                The Group remains excited about growth in unsecured

                                                                                                                                                                                    this report
customer outcomes, more engaged colleagues and improved                                     lending and ubank where it is leveraging capability from
shareholder value. The Group will measure the success of its                                recent acquisitions to deliver better, more targeted customer
strategy and execution according to four key ambitions:                                     propositions and diversify its portfolio. Over 2023, the Group's
                                                                                            credit card balances and market share increased. Over the
•     Colleague Engagement – top quartile.
                                                                                            same period ubank recorded continued strong new customer
•     Customer NPS – strategic NPS(1) positive and ranked first                             acquisition with the addition of approximately 175,000 net new
      among Australian banks

                                                                                                                                                                                    Our business
                                                                                            customers in 2023, weighted towards its target segment of 18
•     Cash EPS growth(2) – delivered through a focus on market                              to 35 year-olds.
      share growth in target segments while managing risk and                               Corporate and Institutional Banking delivered improved returns

                                                                                                                                                                                       in 2023
      pricing disciplines, and a disciplined approach to managing                           and continued strong customer outcomes despite lower
      costs and investment.                                                                 lending balances. In a difficult market, New Zealand Banking
•     Return on Equity (ROE)(2) – targeting double digit cash ROE.                          achieved good growth in home lending and deposits, while
                                                                                            business lending was more subdued reflecting weak system
Execution of the Group's strategy over the past three years
                                                                                            growth and disciplined portfolio management.
has positioned it well with strong, safe balance sheet settings




                                                                                                                                                                                       Creating value
and attractive growth options. This has allowed the Group to                                Having a strong customer franchise and engaged colleagues
continue to grow in 2023, in a selective and targeted manner,                               are key to the Group's ability to grow sustainably, and is
despite a more challenging operating environment.                                           supported by a consistent focus on improving customer and
                                                                                            colleague experiences. The Group's most recent colleague
In Business and Private Banking, where the Group has the
                                                                                            engagement score of 78 at July 2023 is up two points since
leading SME business lending market share, it is continuing to
                                                                                            August 2022 and one point higher than the top quartile
leverage growth opportunities across its franchise through
                                                                                            benchmark(4) which is consistent with its ambition. Customer
a relationship-led approach increasingly enabled by digital,
                                                                                            outcomes in key segments in 2023 have remained first or
data and analytics. Following a strong growth year in 2022,
                                                                                            second ranked versus major Australian bank peers. But there
business lending balances rose 8% over 2023 including 24%
growth in small business lending, benefiting from simplified
                                                                                            is more to do to achieve the Group's objective of being                                 Corporate
                                                                                            number one of the major Australian banks with positive NPS
                                                                                                                                                                                   Governance
origination, enhanced digital capability and specialist local
                                                                                            scores. Over the 12 months to September 2023, Business
small business bankers. Heightened focus and increasing
                                                                                                                                                                                    Statement
                                                                                            NPS improved from -5 to 5 with NAB continuing to rank
simplification and digitisation of the account opening process
                                                                                            second among major Australian banks while Consumer NPS
is also supporting strong growth in SME deposits. New
                                                                                            declined from 0 to -2 with NAB ranking first among major
business transaction account openings grew 50% over the
                                                                                            Australian banks. Customer outcomes for 2023 in Corporate
three years to September 2023, including an 11% increase
                                                                                            and Institutional Banking include Institutional NPS(5) declining
over the September 2023 financial year. Delivering better

                                                                                                                                                                                       Risk
                                                                                            five points to 36 and Relationship Strength Index (RSI)(6)
payments experiences remains a key priority and 2023 has
                                                                                            declining 29 points to 593, in both cases reducing the Group's
seen the rollout of nextgen terminals for healthcare providers
                                                                                            ranking versus major Australian banks from first to second,
and SMEs, increased self service functionality via the Group's

                                                                                                                                                                                    management
                                                                                            although pleasingly RSI continues to rank first across a range
new payment portal and continued launch of innovative
                                                                                            of specialist focus areas including Transactional Banking(7) and
solutions such as NAB Flex-Flow Lending which gives merchant
                                                                                            Debt Capital Markets(8).
customers fast access to unsecured lending.
                                                                                            A key focus of the Group's investment over recent years has
In Personal Banking, the Group remains focused on providing
                                                                                            been on simplifying, automating and digitising its business and
simpler, more digital banking experiences to drive quicker,
                                                                                            increasing the use of data and analytics. These initiatives

                                                                                                                                                                                      Report of
better outcomes for customers and colleagues. Simple
                                                                                            are delivering better outcomes for customers and colleagues
everyday banking products opened digitally increased to 74% in
                                                                                            by allowing bankers to spend more time with customers and
2023 from 71% in 2022 and 62% in 2020. Australian home lending

                                                                                                                                                                                    the Directors
                                                                                            provide more insights and quicker responses, while at the
remains a key market, and the Group is continuing to invest
                                                                                            same time letting customers increasingly self serve when
to deliver better customer experiences including further
                                                                                            they want to. They are also making the Group more efficient,
progressing its simple and digital home loan initiative with
                                                                                            helping it manage costs while investing to grow. In 2023 the
rollout to brokers and Business and Private Banking underway
                                                                                            Group achieved productivity benefits of $398 million. During
in 2023. However, given a number of sector headwinds in
                                                                                            a period of elevated inflationary pressures, this allowed




                                                                                                                                                                                       Financial report
2023 including heightened refinancing activity and competitive
                                                                                            the Group to limit growth in cash costs in 2023 to 5.6%(9)
    (1) Net Promoter® and NPS® are registered trademarks and Net Promoter Score and Net Promoter Systems are trademarks of Bain & Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc.,
        and Fred Reichheld. Sourced from DBM Business and Consumer Atlas (part of RFI Global), measured on 6 month rolling average to September 2023. Business NPS is
        based on equal (25:25:25:25) combined weighting of NAB turnover segments: Micro (Up to $100k turnover), Small ($100k - $5m turnover), Medium ($5m - $50m turnover),
        Large ($50m+). Consumer NPS excludes consumers with Personal income of $260k+ and/or investible assets $1m+. Ranking based on absolute scores, not statistically
        significant differences.
    (2) Full detail on how cash earnings is defined, a discussion of non-cash earnings items and a full reconciliation of statutory net profit attributable to owners of the
        Company is set out in Note 2 Segment information of the Financial Report on page 169. Statutory return on equity and statutory EPS are presented on page 106.
    (3) APRA Monthly Authorised Deposit-taking Institution statistics. Latest data as at September 2023 (adjusted for reclassification of the Citi consumer business). 2022
        multiple of system growth excludes impact of Citi consumer business balances acquired by NAB Group on 1 June 2022.


                                                                                                                                                                                     Additional
    (4) Engagement scores refer to Glint ‘Heartbeat’ outcomes. Top quartile comparison is based upon Glint’s client group (domestic and global, from all industries).
    (5) Peter Lee Associates Australia - Corporate and Institutional Relationship Banking Survey 2023. Ranking against the four major domestic banks. Net Promoter® and NPS®
        are registered trademarks and Net Promoter Score and Net Promoter System are trademarks of Bain & Company, Satmetrix Systems and Fred Reichheld.


                                                                                                                                                                                    information
    (6) Peter Lee Associates Australia - Corporate and Institutional Relationship Banking Survey 2023. Ranking against all banks included in survey. Relationship Strength Index
        (RSI) is based on the results of key qualitative measures.
    (7) Peter Lee Associates Australia - Transaction Banking Survey 2023. Ranking against the four major domestic banks.
    (8) Peter Lee Associates Australia - Debt Capital Markets Survey 2023. Ranking against the four major domestic banks.
    (9) On a cash earnings basis. On a statutory basis, expenses in 2023 increased by 7.8% compared with 2022.


                                                                                                                                                     2023 Annual Report      109
Operating and financial review (cont.)




(excluding Citi consumer business costs and a provision of                             Capital management and funding review
$40 million in respect of a one-off levy for the Compensation
Scheme of Last Resort), while maintaining investment spend                             Balance sheet management overview
at approximately $1.4 billion. Looking to 2024, the Group                              The Group has a strong capital and liquidity position,
expects to continue its balanced approach of maintaining                               consistent with its commitment to balance sheet strength.
cost discipline while investing for sustainable growth, and
is targeting investment spend remaining at approximately                               Regulatory reform
$1.4 billion and further productivity savings of approximately                         The Group remains focused on areas of regulatory change.
$400 million.                                                                          Key reforms that may affect the Group's capital and
Safety is a key pillar of the Group's long term strategy and                           funding include:
keeping customers safe remains an important focus. Over
2023 the Group accelerated efforts to protect customers                                Revisions to the capital framework
against the rapid rise in fraud and scams. This includes                               •   APRA prudential standards for the revised capital
investment in customer awareness and education, 24/7                                       framework came into effect on 1 January 2023. From
account monitoring, security alerts and proactive payment                                  31 March 2023, capital ratios presented in this report are
prompts, along with additional resourcing and working                                      in accordance with the revised framework. APRA’s revisions
with telecommunication providers to help limit NAB-related                                 to the framework include:
spoofing calls and messages. More can and will be done at                                  – Improving flexibility via increasing regulatory
a customer, bank, industry, government and community level                                     capital buffers.
to deter criminals. The Group also recognises the current                                  – Implementing more risk-sensitive risk-weights.
environment is more challenging for its customers including
                                                                                           – Introducing a capital floor for internal ratings-based
the impact of cost of living pressures. To support those
                                                                                             (IRB) ADIs.
customers needing help, the Group has increased resourcing
in its customer assistance and hardship teams during 2023.                                 – Improving transparency and comparability through the
                                                                                             disclosure of risk-weighted assets (RWA) under the
Safety also requires that the Group maintain prudent balance
                                                                                             standardised approach.
sheet settings and manage risk with discipline to ensure it
can grow sustainably. At September 2023 collective provisions                          •   The Group has applied APS 115 Capital Adequacy:
as a ratio of credit risk weighted assets were 1.47% and                                   Standardised Measurement Approach to Operational Risk
the share of lending funded by deposits was above 80% -                                    from 1 January 2022.
both materially stronger than pre COVID-19 levels. Liquidity                           •   APRA’s revised leverage ratio exposure measurement
increased over 2023 and remains well above regulatory                                      methodology came into effect on 1 January 2023, as did the
minimums and the Group continued to access term wholesale                                  minimum leverage ratio requirement of 3.5% for IRB ADIs. The
funding across a range of products, currencies and tenors,                                 30 September 2023 leverage ratio of 5.2% is in accordance
issuing $40 billion(1) in 2023. The Group continues to target                              with the revised methodology.
a CET1 capital ratio of 11-11.5% reflecting a balance between
                                                                                       •   APRA has announced that revisions to APS 117 Capital
maintaining a strong balance sheet through the cycle while
                                                                                           Adequacy: Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book will be
improving shareholder returns. Over 2023, Group CET1 ratio
                                                                                           released for consultation in late 2023 with an expected
increased 71 basis points to 12.22% at September 2023. This
                                                                                           effective date in 2025.
includes a 47 basis point benefit from implementation of
APRA's revised capital framework at 1 January 2023, partly                             •   Following the APS 117 finalisation, APRA plans to consult
offset by a reduction of 20 basis points from share buy-backs                              on revisions to the market risk capital standards over
during the period. Adjusting for the remaining $1.2 billion share                          2024. The process will implement the Basel Committee on
buy-back outstanding at September 2023, proforma Group                                     Banking Supervision’s fundamental review of the trading
CET1 is approximately 11.94%(2).                                                           book, effective from 2026.

Despite retaining strong balance sheet settings over 2023,                             •   APRA has also deferred the implementation date for Basel
the Group has delivered improved returns for shareholders                                  III reforms to APS 180 Capital Adequacy: Counterparty Credit
consistent with its strategic ambition. These outcomes reflect                             Risk to 2026.
the ongoing execution of the Group's strategy combined with
                                                                                       Increased loss-absorbing capacity for ADIs
benefits from the higher interest rate environment. Cash EPS(3)
increased 26% compared with 2022 and cash ROE(3) increased                             In December 2021, APRA released its finalised requirements
to 12.9% compared with 11.7% in 2022. The final 2023 dividend                          for the Australian loss-absorbing capacity framework. The
has been set at 84 cents per share, bringing total dividends                           final requirements represent a further increase in the amount
for the year ended 30 September 2023 to 167 cents per share                            of Total capital required by domestic systemically important
which is 10.6% higher than 2022. This represents a 2023 cash                           banks (D-SIBs) equal to 1.5% of RWA, with a total increase of
earnings payout ratio of 67.7%, consistent with the Group's                            4.5% of RWA required by January 2026. The interim requirement
target dividend payout ratio which is guided by a range of 65% –                       of an increase in the Total capital requirement of 3% of RWA by
75% of cash earnings(4), subject to Board determination based                          1 January 2024 remains in place. Based on the Group’s RWA and
on circumstances at the relevant time.                                                 Total capital position as at 30 September 2023, NAB has met
                                                                                       the interim requirement.



 (1) Includes RBNZ’s Funding for Lending Programme (FLP) of $1.3 billion.
 (2) On 28 February 2023 the Group completed its $2.5 billion on-market share buy-back announced in March 2022. This includes $0.6 billion (19,270,329 ordinary shares)
     bought back and cancelled in the March 2023 half year. On 15 August 2023 the Group announced its intention to acquire up to $1.5 billion ordinary shares via an
     on-market buyback. This buy-back is expected to be undertaken over approximately 12 months, with approximately $0.3 billion (10,562,183 ordinary shares) acquired as
     at 30 September 2023.
 (3) Full detail on how cash earnings is defined, a discussion of non-cash earnings items and a full reconciliation of statutory net profit attributable to owners of the
     Company is set out in Note 2 Segment information of the Financial Report on page 169. Statutory return on equity and statutory EPS are presented on page 106.
 (4) Statutory dividend payout ratio is 70.6%.


110   National Australia Bank
Operating and financial review (cont.)




RBNZ capital review                                                   Tier 2 capital initiatives
In December 2019, the RBNZ finalised its review of the                The Group’s Tier 2 capital initiatives during the September 2023

                                                                                                                                                 About
capital adequacy framework. The RBNZ amendments to the                full year included the following:
amount of regulatory capital required of locally incorporated         •   On 12 January 2023, NAB issued US$1.25 billion of
banks include:
                                                                                                                                              this report
                                                                          Subordinated Notes.
•   An increase in credit RWA for banks that use the RBNZ's           •   On 9 March 2023, NAB issued $1.25 billion of
    internal ratings-based approach due to:                               Subordinated Notes.
    – The use of the standardised approach for bank
                                                                      •   On 19 May 2023, NAB redeemed SGD450 million of
       and sovereign exposures, and the introduction of an
                                                                          Subordinated Notes.
       overall minimum standardised floor, implemented on

                                                                                                                                              Our business
       1 January 2022.                                                •   On 6 June 2023, NAB issued HKD640 million of
                                                                          Subordinated Notes.
    – An increase in the RWA scalar, implemented on
                                                                      •   On 20 September 2023, NAB redeemed $943,210,100 of

                                                                                                                                                 in 2023
      1 October 2022.
                                                                          NAB Subordinated Notes 2 issued on 20 March 2017,
•   An increase in the Tier 1 capital requirement to 16% of RWA,
                                                                          in accordance with the redemption notice issued on
    and an increase in the Total capital requirement to 18% of
                                                                          11 July 2023.
    RWA, to be phased in by 2028.
•   As at 30 September 2023, BNZ Tier 1 and Total capital ratios      BNZ capital initiatives
    were 14.6% and 15.7%.




                                                                                                                                                 Creating value
                                                                      On 14 June 2023, BNZ issued NZD375 million of Perpetual
                                                                      Preference Shares (PPS), which qualify as AT1 capital under
Additional Tier 1 capital discussion paper
                                                                      RBNZ rules. With RBNZ’s prior approval, BNZ may elect to
In September 2023, APRA released a discussion paper outlining         redeem the PPS on the first optional redemption date
potential options for, and seeking feedback from stakeholders         (14 June 2029) and each subsequent distribution payment
on, improving the effectiveness of Additional Tier 1 (AT1)            date, provided certain conditions are met.
capital in Australia. APRA intends to follow this process with
a formal consultation in 2024 on any proposed amendments to           Funding and liquidity
prudential standards.                                                 The Group monitors the composition and stability of funding
Liquidity requirements
                                                                      and liquidity through the Board approved risk appetite which            Corporate
                                                                      includes compliance with the regulatory requirements of
APRA expects to conduct a comprehensive review of APS 210             APRA's Liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) and Net Stable Funding           Governance
Liquidity in 2024, with an expected effective date in 2026.           Ratio (NSFR).
                                                                                                                                              Statement
Capital management                                                    Funding
The Group’s capital management strategy is focused on                 The Group employs a range of metrics to set its risk appetite
adequacy, efficiency and flexibility. The capital adequacy            and measure balance sheet strength. The NSFR measures the
objective seeks to ensure sufficient capital is held in excess        extent to which assets are funded with stable sources of

                                                                                                                                                 Risk
of regulatory requirements and is within the Group’s balance          funding to mitigate the risk of future funding stress.
sheet risk appetite. This approach is consistent across the
                                                                      As at 30 September 2023, the Group’s NSFR was 116% down 3%

                                                                                                                                              management
Group’s subsidiaries.
                                                                      compared to 30 September 2022, with the movement primarily
The Group’s capital ratio operating targets are regularly             driven by impacts associated with the maturity of the Initial
reviewed in the context of the external economic and                  Allowance of the Term Funding Facility (TFF) and the 2024
regulatory outlook with the objective of maintaining balance          maturities of the Additional and Supplementary Allowances of
sheet strength. From 1 January 2023, the Group’s CET1 target          the TFF.
range moved to 11.00-11.50% to align with the new calculation

                                                                                                                                                Report of
                                                                      Another key structural measure for balance sheet strength
methodology under APRA’s revised capital framework.
                                                                      is the Stable Funding Index (SFI), which is comprised of the
On 28 February 2023, the Group completed the $2.5 billion on-         Customer Funding Index (CFI) and the Term Funding Index

                                                                                                                                              the Directors
market buy-back announced on 24 March 2022.                           (TFI). The CFI represents the proportion of the Group’s core
On 15 August 2023, the Group announced its intention to buy           assets that is funded by customer deposits. Similarly, the
back up to $1.5 billion of NAB ordinary shares on-market to           TFI represents the proportion of the Group’s core assets
progressively manage its CET1 capital ratio towards its target        that is funded by term wholesale funding with a remaining
range. NAB commenced the further buy-back on 29 August                term to maturity of greater than 12 months, including TFF,




                                                                                                                                                 Financial report
2023. Including the previous buy-back, NAB has bought back            Term Lending Facility (TLF) and Funding for Lending Programme
and cancelled 29,832,512 ordinary shares ($0.9 billion) in the full   (FLP) drawdowns.
year ended 30 September 2023 including $0.3 billion (0.07% of         For the 30 September 2023 full year, the SFI remained at 102%
CET1 capital) in the half year ended 30 September 2023.               as term wholesale funding and remaining TFF moving within 12
                                                                      months to maturity was met with a similar increase in new term
Additional Tier 1 capital initiatives                                 wholesale funding. The increase in lending growth was largely
On 14 September 2023, the Group issued $1,250 million of              funded by deposit inflows.
NAB Capital Notes 7, which will mandatorily convert into NAB
ordinary shares on 17 June 2033, provided certain conditions          Term wholesale funding
are met.                                                              The Group maintains a well-diversified term wholesale funding
With APRA’s prior written approval, NAB may elect to convert,         profile across issuance type, currency, investor location                Additional
redeem or resell these NAB Capital Notes 7 on 17 September            and tenor.

                                                                                                                                              information
2030, 17 December 2030, 17 March 2031, 17 June 2031, or on the        In March 2023 global term wholesale funding markets were
occurrence of particular events, provided certain conditions          impacted by the events surrounding Credit Suisse and the US
are met.                                                              regional bank failures. More recently term wholesale funding


                                                                                                                  2023 Annual Report   111
Operating and financial review (cont.)




markets have been driven by global monetary policy and                                   .
increased interest rate volatility.
The Group raised $40.2 billion(1) of term wholesale funding
during the September 2023 full year. NAB raised $35.1 billion
of term wholesale funding, including $3.2 billion of Tier
2 subordinated debt and BNZ raised $3.9 billion of term
wholesale funding.
The weighted average maturity of term wholesale funding
issued by the Group in the September 2023 full year was 4.3(2)
years. The weighted average remaining maturity of the Group’s
term wholesale funding portfolio is 3.5(2) years.
Term wholesale funding markets continue to be influenced by
the economic environment, investor sentiment and impacts of
monetary and fiscal policy settings.

Short-term wholesale funding
For the September 2023 full year, the Group accessed
international and domestic short-term funding through
wholesale markets. In addition, the Group has accessed
secured short-term funding in the form of repurchase
agreements primarily to support markets and trading
activities. Repurchase agreements entered into, excluding
those associated with the TFF, TLF and FLP, are materially
offset by reverse repurchase agreements with similar tenors.

Liquidity Coverage Ratio
The LCR measures the adequacy of High-quality liquid assets
(HQLA) available to meet net cash outflows over a 30-day
period during a severe liquidity stress scenario. HQLA consists
of cash, central bank reserves and highly rated government
securities. In addition to HQLA, Alternative liquid assets (ALA)
can also contribute to regulatory liquidity. ALA has previously
included the Committed Liquidity Facility (CLF) which was in
effect pre 1 January 2023, and currently includes certain RBNZ
repo-eligible securities.
The Group maintains a well-diversified liquid asset portfolio
to support regulatory and internal requirements in the
regions in which it operates. The average value of regulatory
liquid assets held through the September 2023 quarter was
$210 billion which was comprised of $209 billion of HQLA and
$1 billion of RBNZ repo-eligible securities.
The Group's LCR averaged 140% during the September quarter,
an increase of 9% compared to September 2022.
A detailed breakdown of quarterly average net cash outflows
is provided in the September 2023 Pillar 3 Report.

Dividend and Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP)
The final dividend in respect of the year ended 30 September
2023 has been increased to 84 cents, 100% franked, payable on
15 December 2023.
The extent to which future dividends on ordinary shares
and distributions on frankable hybrids will be franked is
not guaranteed and will depend on a number of factors,
including capital management activities and the level of
profits generated by the Group that will be subject to tax
in Australia.
The Group periodically adjusts its DRP to reflect its capital
position and outlook. The DRP discount for the 2023 final
dividend is nil. Eligible shareholders have the ability to
participate in the DRP for the 2023 final dividend for up
to 5 million NAB ordinary shares per participant. The Group
expects to satisfy the DRP in full by an on-market purchase
of shares.

 (1) Includes FLP.
 (2) Excludes AT1 capital, Residential Mortgage Backed Securities (RMBS), TFF and FLP.


112   National Australia Bank
Directors’ information
For information on the directors, company secretaries and board meetings refer to pages 64 to 68 and 73.

Directors' and officers' indemnity
                                                                                                                                                About
NAB’s constitution
To the maximum extent permitted by law and without limiting the Company’s power, the Company may indemnify any current or
                                                                                                                                             this report
former officer out of the property of the Company against:
•   Any liability incurred by the person in the capacity as an officer (except a liability for legal costs).
•   Legal costs incurred in defending or resisting (or otherwise in connection with) proceedings, whether civil or criminal or of an
    administrative or investigatory nature, in which the officer becomes involved because of that capacity.

                                                                                                                                             Our business
•   Legal costs incurred in connection with any investigation or inquiry of any nature (including, without limitation, a royal
    commission) in which the officer becomes involved (including, without limitation, appearing as a witness or producing
    documents) because of that capacity.
•   Legal costs incurred in good faith in obtaining legal advice on issues relevant to the performance of their functions and                   in 2023
    discharge of their duties as an officer, if that expenditure has been approved in accordance with the terms of any applicable
    deed or agreement entered into pursuant to article 20.3 or any applicable policy of the Company, except to the extent that:
    – The Company is forbidden by law to indemnify the person against the liability or legal costs, or
    – An indemnity by the Company of the person against the liability or legal costs, if given, would be made void by law.




                                                                                                                                                Creating value
Under Article 20.2, the Company may pay or agree to pay, whether directly or through an interposed entity, a premium for a
contract insuring a person who is or has been an officer against liability incurred by the person in that capacity, including a
liability for legal costs, unless:
•   The Company is forbidden by law to pay or agree to pay the premium, or
•   The contract would, if the Company paid the premium, be made void by law.
The Company may enter into an agreement with a person referred to in Articles 20.1 and 20.2 with respect to the subject matter
of those Articles. Such an agreement may include provisions relating to rights of access to the books of the Company . In

                                                                                                                                             Corporate
the context of Article 20, ‘officer’ means a director, secretary or senior manager of NAB or of a related body corporate of
the Company.
The Company has executed deeds of indemnity in favour of each director of NAB and certain directors of related bodies                       Governance
                                                                                                                                             Statement
corporate of the Company. Some companies within the Group have extended equivalent deeds of indemnity in favour of
directors of those companies.

Directors' and officers' insurance
During the year, the Company, pursuant to Article 20, paid a premium for a contract insuring all directors, secretaries, executive


                                                                                                                                                Risk
officers and officers of the Company and of each related body corporate of the Company. The contract does not provide
cover for the independent auditors of the Company or of a related body corporate of the Company. In accordance with usual
commercial practice, the insurance contract prohibits disclosure of the premium payable, the policy limits and the nature of the

                                                                                                                                             management
liabilities covered.

Directors' and executives' interests
Particulars of shares, rights and other relevant interests held directly and indirectly by directors and Group Executives are set
out in the Remuneration Report.


                                                                                                                                               Report of


                                                                                                                                             the Directors




                                                                                                                                                Financial report




                                                                                                                                              Additional

                                                                                                                                             information




                                                                                                                 2023 Annual Report   113
Other matters
Rights
As at the date of this report, there are 3,635,434 rights outstanding in relation to NAB fully paid ordinary shares. No exercise price
is payable for rights. The latest dates for exercise of the rights range between 15 November 2023 and 15 November 2030. Persons
holding rights are not entitled to participate in capital actions by NAB (such as rights issues or bonus issues).
For the period from 1 October 2023 to the date of this report, no NAB fully paid ordinary shares were issued as a result of the
exercise of a right.
For further details on rights refer to Note 35 Equity-based plans of the notes to the financial statements and Section 7.4 of the
Remuneration Report.

Future developments
In the opinion of the directors, discussion or disclosure of any further future developments including the Group’s business
strategies and its prospects for future financial years would be likely to result in unreasonable prejudice to the interests of
the Group.

Proceedings on behalf of NAB
There are no proceedings brought or intervened in, or applications to bring or intervene in proceedings, on behalf of NAB by a
member or other person entitled to do so under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).

Events subsequent to reporting date
There are no items, transactions or events of a material or unusual nature that have arisen in the period between 30 September
2023 and the date of this report that, in the opinion of the directors, have significantly affected or may significantly affect the
operations of the Group, the results of those operations or the state of affairs of the Group in future years.

Integrity of reporting
The directors of NAB have a responsibility with respect to the integrity of external reporting. This involves reviewing and
monitoring, with the assistance of the Board Audit Committee and management, the processes, controls and procedures which
are in place to maintain the integrity of the Group’s financial statements.
Further details on the role of the Board and its committees can be found in NAB's 2023 Corporate Governance Statement in the
Corporate Governance Statement section of this report and is available online at nab.com.au/about-us/corporate-governance.

External auditor
EY were appointed as the Group external auditor on 31 January 2005 and have provided the audit opinion on the Financial Report
for 19 years. Mr Tim Dring was appointed on 16 December 2022 as the Group's Lead Partner succeeding Ms Sarah Lowe on the
completion of her five-year tenure. The Audit Committee conducts an annual review of the adequacy of the external audit with
emphasis on effectiveness, performance and independence of the external auditor. The Audit Committee resolved EY should
continue as the Group's external auditor.
There is no person who has acted as an officer of the Group during the 2023 financial year who has previously been a partner at
EY when that firm conducted the Group's audit.

Non-audit services, audit-related, taxation-related services
The remuneration of the external auditor is set out in Note 34 Remuneration of external auditor of the notes to the financial
statements and includes details of the fees paid or due and payable for audit-related, taxation-related and non-audit services
provided by EY to the Group during 2023.
In accordance with advice received from the Board Audit Committee, the directors are satisfied that the provision of audit-
related, taxation-related and non-audit services during the year to 30 September 2023 by EY is compatible with the general
standard of independence for auditors imposed by the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). The directors are satisfied because the
Board Audit Committee or its delegate has assessed each service, having regard to auditor independence requirements of
applicable laws, rules and regulations, and concluded that the provision of each service or type of service would not impair the
independence of EY.
A description of the Board Audit Committee’s pre-approval policies and procedures is set out in the Assurance and Control
section on page 84. A copy of EY’s independence declaration is set out on page 156.




114   National Australia Bank
Remuneration Report
Letter from the People & Remuneration                                                     Remuneration for the Group CEO and Group
Committee Chair, Anne Loveridge                                                           Executives in 2023

                                                                                                                                                                                   About
Dear Fellow Shareholders,                                                                 The Group CEO and Group Executives delivered another year
                                                                                          of strong results and progress on the Group strategy in 2023.
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the
                                                                                          The Board demonstrated discipline in determining executive
                                                                                                                                                                                this report
2023 Remuneration Report. Our results reflect the continued
                                                                                          remuneration outcomes and is focused on maintaining
disciplined execution of the Group's long-term strategy to
                                                                                          responsible levels of executive remuneration.
serve customers well and help our communities prosper. The
Group CEO and Group Executives performed well in challenging                              Key remuneration outcomes in 2023 were:
conditions to deliver the Group's business plan.                                          •    Group Performance Indicators (GPI) achieved at 90% of
                                                                                               target driven by strong cash earnings, good progress on

                                                                                                                                                                                Our business
Performance in 2023                                                                            colleague initiatives and safe growth, partially offset by
In 2023, the Group CEO and Group Executives were supported                                     some non-financial performance measures.


                                                                                                                                                                                   in 2023
by our 38,000 colleagues to deliver safe, sustainable growth                              •    The Group CEO's Annual Variable Reward (VR) outcome
and better outcomes for customers and colleagues. Key                                          was 108% of his target opportunity (72% of maximum),
outcomes in 2023 include:                                                                      recognising his leadership in delivering the Group strategy
•    Strong financial performance with cash earnings of                                        and engaging with customers.
     $7.73 billion(1). This resulted in improved shareholder returns                      •    Annual VR outcomes for Group Executives were 81% to 117%
     through a total dividend paid of 161 cents per share, fully                               of target (54% to 78% of maximum opportunity).




                                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value
     franked for the year ended 30 September 2023.
                                                                                          •    No long-term VR vested in 2023 as the Group did not grant
•    Reasonable market share growth in key categories                                          any long-term VR awards in 2018.
     including Australia business deposits (excluding Financial
                                                                                          •    The FR for three Group Executives will be increased in
     Institutions and Government), New Zealand home lending
                                                                                               FY24 to reflect their increased accountabilities following
     and New Zealand household deposits(2). Market share
                                                                                               changes in their portfolios and, for two individuals,
     growth in Australia lending to Small & Medium Enterprises
                                                                                               realignment to external market positioning. No change was
     was below plan.
                                                                                               made to the FR for the Group CEO.
•    Net Promoter Score (NPS)(3) results were mixed. While NAB
                                                                                          Further detail on the remuneration outcomes is in section 2.1.
     remained #1 among the major Australian banks in one
                                                                                                                                                                                Corporate
     segment, the Board recognises there is more work to be                               Changes to the Group's remuneration frameworks
     done in this area. Further detail is in section 4.2.                                                                                                                      Governance
                                                                                          A decision in 2023 to change the executive remuneration
•    Colleague average engagement improved by 1% to                                       framework with effect from 1 October 2023 was approved by                             Statement
     77%. This is pleasing and reflects our focus on the                                  the Board. The changes address the requirements of APRA's
     colleague experience.                                                                Prudential Standard CPS 511 Remuneration (CPS 511). For the
•    Automation and digitisation of our business driven by                                Group CEO and Group Executives the changes were:
     investment in new technologies, artificial intelligence and                          •    The redesign of the Long Term Incentive (LTI) to give

                                                                                                                                                                                   Risk
     resources. This contributed to productivity benefits of                                   material weight to non-financial measures. The LTI is
     $398 million.                                                                             comprised of two equally weighted components being


                                                                                                                                                                                management
•    Action to keep the bank and customers safe through                                        the Long Term Equity Award (LTEA) component (which is
     disciplined risk management, AUSTRAC compliance,                                          subject to a non-financial measure) and the Long Term
     continued investment in protection against financial crime                                Variable Reward (LTVR) component (which is subject to a
     and strong balance sheet settings.                                                        financial measure);
•    Investment in environmental initiatives including                                    •    Longer deferral periods for the Group CEO and Group
     business loans for customers investing in emission-                                       Executives to ensure long-term focus; and

                                                                                                                                                                                  Report of
     reducing technologies.                                                               •    Strengthening of risk and conduct assessments aligned to
Additional detail about Group performance is in section 4.                                     our Group Risk Framework.


                                                                                                                                                                                the Directors
                                                                                          As a result of the changes the maximum remuneration
Remuneration for colleagues excluding the Group
                                                                                          opportunity for the Group CEO and Group Executives was
CEO and Group Executives in 2023
                                                                                          reduced by 11%. Further detail is provided in section 5.
Colleagues received an average Fixed Remuneration (FR)
                                                                                          To address the requirements of CPS 511, the colleague
increase of 4.6% effective January 2023. Progress was
                                                                                          remuneration framework was also reviewed, and modifications
made towards gender equality with an improvement of the




                                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
                                                                                          were made to the Group's specialist incentive plans to
gender pay gap to 15.8%. Progress continues to be made
                                                                                          introduce materially weighted non-financial measures.
to addressing gender representation across the Group.
The Group successfully renegotiated the new Enterprise                                    On behalf of the Board, I invite you to read this Remuneration
Agreement (EA) in 2023, with 85% of colleagues who voted                                  Report which will be presented for adoption at the 2023 AGM.
voting in favour of the new EA. The new EA provides certainty
about pay and benefits, providing an average guaranteed FR
increase of 4.5% to eligible colleagues in January 2024 and
ongoing guaranteed increases in January 2025 and January
2026. Additional information about colleague benefits and                                     Anne Loveridge
                                                                                              People & Remuneration Committee Chair

                                                                                                                                                                                 Additional
progress of key initiatives is provided in section 1.3.                                       9 November 2023



                                                                                                                                                                                information
    (1) Full detail on how cash earnings is defined, a discussion of non-cash earnings items and a full reconciliation of statutory net profit attributable to owners of the
        Company is set out in the Financial Report on page 169.
    (2) Further detail is provided in section 4.
    (3) Net Promoter® and NPS® are registered trademarks and Net Promoter Score and Net Promoter Systems are trademarks of Bain & Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc., and
        Fred Reichheld.


                                                                                                                                                 2023 Annual Report      115
Remuneration Report (cont.)




  Contents
  Section 1 -       Our remuneration framework                117
  Section 2 -       Key executive remuneration                121
                    2023 outcomes
  Section 3 -       Our 2023 executive variable               124
                    remuneration plans
  Section 4 -       Remuneration outcomes                     127
  Section 5 -       Executive remuneration in 2024            134
  Section 6 -       Governance, risk and consequence          137
  Section 7 -       Group CEO and Group Executive statutory   141
                    remuneration disclosures
  Section 8 -       Non-executive director remuneration       150
  Section 9 -       Loans, other transactions and             153
                    other interests




116   National Australia Bank
Remuneration Report (cont.)




Section 1 - Our remuneration framework
1.1 Strategic context for remuneration at NAB
                                                                                                                                                About
Our Group strategy and remuneration principles
Our remuneration frameworks are informed by the Group strategy which focuses on customers and colleagues. Our                                this report
remuneration principles support the delivery of our strategic priorities as outlined below. The Group operates an executive
remuneration framework for the Group CEO and Group Executives, and a broader colleague remuneration framework. Our Group
strategy and remuneration principles are outlined below.



                                                                                                                                             Our business
                                                        NAB Group Strategy



                                                                                                                                                in 2023
     Target                                Group Scorecard                                          Individual Scorecard
   Opportunity            Group Performance Indicators + Qualitative Assessment          )$1$0' -!*-() ۳ )$1$0'*$޲ -

         FR                     4޲))$')                  $.&*$޲ -              Individual                     Risk
          x                )*)Җ޲))$'( .0- .                 Quality of              performance               Employee Conduct
 Annual VR target %            to deliver the                    performance               measures                   How We Work




                                                                                                                                                Creating value
                              -*0+ҍ../-/ "4




                                                                                                                                             Corporate
                                                                                                                                            Governance
                                                                                                                                             Statement




                                                                                                                                                Risk


                                                                                                                                             management




                                                                                                                                               Report of


                                                                                                                                             the Directors
                                               NAB Group remuneration principles

Through six underpinning principles, we seek to demonstrate how we approach remuneration to all stakeholders, including
our customers, regulators, communities and colleagues. We intend to be fair, appropriate, simple and transparent. The new
executive remuneration framework outlined in section 5 is governed by the Group strategy and Group remuneration principles.




                                                                                                                                                Financial report
TheseCustomers
      principles inform ourColleagues
                            Group remuneration   framework,
                                               Shareholders
                                              NAB           remuneration policy and remuneration
                                                                   Transparent
                                                    Group remuneration principles             Safestructures. Long-term

    Reinforce our           $-)           Align reward           Simple and easy       ޳ /-$.&҂           Drive delivery
    commitment            appropriate         with sustainable          to understand       reputation,             of long-term
    to customers       reward to attract      shareholder value                            conduct and              performance
                         and retain the                                                  values outcomes
     Customers            Colleagues
                          best people           Shareholders             Transparent           Safe                  Long-term

    Reinforce our           $-)           Align reward           Simple and easy       ޳ /-$.&҂           Drive delivery

                                                                                                                                              Additional
    commitment            appropriate         with sustainable          to understand       reputation,             of long-term
    to customers       reward to attract      shareholder value                            conduct and              performance
                         and retain the                                                  values outcomes
                          best people                                                                                                        information




                                                                                                                2023 Annual Report    117
Remuneration Report (cont.)




1.2 Executive remuneration framework in 2023

The Group remuneration principles inform the remuneration framework for the Group CEO and Group Executives. The framework
reinforces our commitment to customers, aligns with sustainable shareholder value creation and reflects risk, reputation,
conduct, sustainability and values (How We Work) outcomes. The framework supports the Group CEO and Group Executives
to drive both short and long term performance. The requirement to hold a minimum shareholding enhances the alignment
between the interests of shareholders and the Group CEO and Group Executives. The diagram below illustrates the executive
remuneration framework that applied to the Group CEO and Group Executives in 2023.


          Fixed Remuneration (FR)                          Annual Variable Reward (VR)                                 Long-Term Variable Reward (LTVR)

                                                           Earned for delivery of annual goals                         Align remuneration with long-term
 WH Y     Set to attract and retain
                                                           that drive the Group’s strategy                             shareholder outcomes

          • FR was comprised of base salary                • 50% cash                                                  • 100% performance rights
            and superannuation                             • 50% deferred rights (12.5% scheduled                      • Subject to four year performance hurdle
          • Paid regularly during the                        to vest at the end of year 1, year 2, year                • No dividend equivalent payments made
 WH AT      financial year                                   3 and year 4)                                               for any vested performance rights
                                                           • Dividend equivalent payment for any
                                                             vested deferred rights at the end of
                                                             each deferral period

          • Set at a market competitive level              • Quantum ranges (% of FR):                                 • Maximum award value (% of FR)(2)
            for their role and experience
          • Reviewed annually against the                   0% – 150%                  0% – 112.5%                                         130%
            ASX20 and other relevant national              for Group CEO and               for Group Chief                           for Group CEO and
            and international financial                    Group Executives                  Risk Officer                            Group Executives
 HOW        services companies
                                                           • Outcomes vary depending on Group(1)                       • Eligibility and award value determined
                                                             and individual performance (balanced                        by the Board
                                                             scorecard including risk goals), values                   • Subject to NAB’s Total Shareholder Return
                                                             and behaviours                                              (TSR) result against a financial services
                                                                                                                         peer group(3)


                       Fixed Remuneration                        Annual VR (cash)       Annual VR (deferred rights)                  Long-Term Variable Reward

                              Performance Year (2023)                                            2024-2027                                        2026



                                                                Board discretion applies for qualitative matters including risk, reputation, conduct
                                                                and values to ensure sustainable performance (including for malus and clawback)

                                                                                                                   At Risk


  Minimum shareholding requirement

  No change was made to the executive minimum shareholding requirement in 2023.
  To align with shareholder interests, executives are required to hold NAB shares to the value of two times FR (for the Group CEO) and one
  times FR (for Group Executives). Newly appointed executives are required to satisfy the minimum shareholding requirement within a
  five-year period from the date of commencement in their role.
  The value of an executive’s shareholding is based on the share price on the last day of the financial year (i.e., 30 September).
  The Group CEO and Group Executives have either met or are on track to meet their minimum shareholding requirement.
  Holdings included in meeting the minimum shareholding requirement are NAB shares, unvested deferred shares and deferred rights
  not subject to further performance conditions held by the executive, and shares held by a closely related party or self-managed
  superannuation fund for the benefit of the executive.

(1) The outcome for the Managing Director and CEO, Bank of New Zealand (BNZ) will vary depending on overall Group and BNZ performance.
(2) The actual value delivered to the Group CEO or a Group Executive is subject to the level of achievement against the performance hurdle and NAB’s share price
      at the time of vesting.
(3)	For the LTVR allocated in February 2023, the financial services peer group was AMP Limited, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited, Bank of Queensland Limited,
      Bendigo and Adelaide Bank Limited, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Macquarie Group Limited, Suncorp Group Limited and Westpac Banking Corporation.


A decision in 2023 to change the executive remuneration framework with effect from 1 October 2023 was approved by the Board.
Further information about the change is provided in section 5. Accordingly, the executive remuneration framework illustrated
above ceased to apply on 30 September 2023.




118      National Australia Bank
Remuneration Report (cont.)




1.3 Colleague remuneration framework
Informed by our remuneration principles, the colleague remuneration framework as outlined below applies to colleagues below

                                                                                                                                                                                   About
the Group Executive level.


        Fixed Remuneration (FR)                                     Annual Variable Reward (VR)                                 Annual Equity Award                             this report

        Colleagues appointed to Group                               Colleagues appointed to Group                               Certain colleagues appointed
WHO     1 – 6 roles (1)                                             3 – 6 roles (1)                                             to Group 5 and 6 roles (1)

        • FR is comprised of base salary                            • Cash and restricted shares (where                         • 100% restricted shares (1/3
                                                                                                                                                                                Our business
          and superannuation                                          the Annual VR outcome meets the                             scheduled to vest at the end
        • Paid regularly during the financial                         relevant deferral threshold) (2)                            of year 1, year 2 and year 3)

                                                                                                                                                                                   in 2023
          year                                                      • Cash component paid at the end                            • Allocated at the end of the
WHAT    • In addition to FR, a $1,000 share                           of the financial year                                       financial year based on a pre-
          or cash grant to eligible colleagues                      • Restricted shares are allocated                             grant assessment of individual
          in Group 1 – 5 roles will be made                           at the end of the financial year                            performance and conduct during
          after the end of the financial year(3)                      and vest over the deferral period                           the year




                                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value
                                                                      applicable to the colleague’s role

        • Market competitive remuneration                           • To reward contribution to delivery                        • To create shareholder alignment,
          for role and experience to attract                          of annual goals that drive the                              drive continued sustainable
          and retain high performing                                  Group’s strategy                                            performance and emphasise
          individuals                                               • Motivates performance and safe                             focus on risk management, good
        • Only component of remuneration                               growth for colleagues who have                             conduct and behaviour outcomes
WHY       for some colleagues, providing                               increased accountability for and
          certainty and encouraging                                    influence over the Group’s annual
                                                                                                                                                                                Corporate
          stronger focus on customers                                  performance
        • The $1,000 share or cash grant                            • Variable reward targets have
          recognises colleague contribution                            been standardised to create more                                                                        Governance
                                                                                                                                                                                Statement
          to Group performance in 2023                                 consistency and fairness


                                                                      Board discretion applies for qualitative matters including risk, reputation, conduct
                                                                      and values to ensure sustainable performance (including for malus and clawback)


                                                                                                                                                                                   Risk
                                                                                                                      At Risk
(1) Roles are defined in the NAB Enterprise Agreement 2023. Group 1 - 6 roles are roles below the Group CEO and Group Executives (which are Group 7 roles).

                                                                                                                                                                                management
(2) Deferral thresholds and deferral periods are different depending on the incentive plan participated in and the seniority of the colleague.
(3) The grant of shares or cash and value of the award is determined by the Board each year in its discretion.

Enhancements to the colleague remuneration framework
In 2023 we reviewed the colleague remuneration framework to ensure compliance with the regulatory requirements introduced
by CPS 511. The enhancements to the colleague remuneration framework were informed by an independent review of the Group

                                                                                                                                                                                  Report of
remuneration framework, performance management framework and consequence management practices completed in June
2022. We continued our focus on embedding simplification and standardisation through a compliant, cost effective and market


                                                                                                                                                                                the Directors
aligned approach.

Colleague benefits and initiatives
NAB provides a broad range of benefits including financial and other wellbeing benefits to all colleagues. This includes training
and education such as the CQiB qualifications which more than 14,500 colleagues have completed, data analytics and digitisation
training, flexible work arrangements, up to two days of volunteer leave per year, and wellness and mental health resources




                                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
through our Employee Assistance Program.
In 2023 the Group successfully renegotiated the new EA by undertaking extensive negotiations and colleague engagement. The
new EA provides certainty about pay and a range of additional benefits to colleagues including one week of You Leave every
year to eligible colleagues. The FR increase for 2024 for eligible colleagues below Group Executive level is based on colleagues'
current FR as outlined below:
•   FR below $110,300: Colleagues will receive a 5% FR increase.
•   FR of $110,300 - $140,000: Colleagues will receive a minimum FR increase of 3.5%.
•   FR of $140,001 - $185,925: Colleagues will receive a minimum FR increase of 2.5%.

                                                                                                                                                                                 Additional
•   FR above $185,925: A budget of 3% of FR has been allocated to these colleagues and will be distributed based on individual
    performance, internal peer relatives and external market remuneration positioning.

                                                                                                                                                                                information
Progress was made on other key colleague initiatives including:
•   refinement of our "Ways of Working" to ensure workloads are manageable and colleagues have the support and resources
    required to perform their role.


                                                                                                                                                    2023 Annual Report   119
Remuneration Report (cont.)




•     embedding our Distinctive Leadership tools and practices through continued focus on building clear, capable and motivated
      leaders who drive positive change. 92% of leaders have now completed the Distinctive Leadership Program.
•     continued focus during our annual performance and reward review process to ensure people leaders address gender pay
      equity through the performance and reward decisions they make. NAB’s gender pay gap(1) decreased to 15.8% in 2023 (16.9% in
      2022)(2).
•     following the implementation of Reshaping Reward in 2021 and 2022 which simplified and standardised our reward offering, we
      continued to focus on our recognition program as a mechanism to continue to drive a positive culture.
•     compliance with legislated Superannuation Guarantee Contribution changes that support a long-term benefit focus, together
      with awards being made under our $1,000 share or cash grant supporting long term value creation for colleagues.




    (1) The pay gap analysis indicates NAB’s gender pay gap when comparing the base salary of all females to males within the Australian-based workforce of NAB for the
        reporting period 1 April 2022 to 31 March 2023. The ratio is calculated by dividing the female average salary by the male average salary per employment level. It does not
        separately measure the gender pay gap in equivalent roles. Analysis includes permanent, fixed term, and casual colleagues and excludes contractors.
    (2) The 2022 Remuneration Report included a typographic error that recorded the gender pay gap as 10.9% instead of 16.9%.


120     National Australia Bank
Remuneration Report (cont.)




Section 2 - Key executive remuneration 2023 outcomes
2.1 Executive remuneration outcomes in 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                            About

 Fixed Remuneration   2023 Fixed Remuneration outcomes
                                                                                                                                                                                         this report
                      As disclosed in our 2022 Remuneration Report, the Board approved a FR increase of 2.5% for the Group Chief Risk
                      Officer and 2% for the other Group Executives effective from 4 January 2023.
 2023 Performance     2023 Annual VR outcomes
 and Annual           The Board considered performance across all elements of the scorecard, which reflected another year of good
 VR outcomes          results and disciplined execution of strategic initiatives.

                                                                                                                                                                                         Our business
                      The Board determined that a GPI outcome of 90% appropriately reflected the mix of strong and partial
                      achievements. The GPI outcome reflected good cash earnings, progress on colleague initiatives and safe
                      growth, partially offset by some non-financial performance measures (see section 3.1). In arriving at this

                                                                                                                                                                                            in 2023
                      outcome, the Board considered the sustained improvements in the management of risk and progress against
                      strategy, customer outcomes and sustainability priorities.
                      The 2023 Annual VR outcomes were:

                                                                                                              Individual Annual VR outcomes




                                                                                                                                                                                            Creating value
                       Position                                                         % of FR                  % of Target Opportunity            % of Maximum Opportunity

                       Group CEO                                                         108%                                108%                                72%
                       Group Executives                                              81% – 117%                          81% – 117%                           54% – 78%


                      The five-year overview below shows modest Annual VR outcomes when compared to the maximum VR
                      opportunity available. The level of variation in the outcomes for the Group CEO and Group Executives reflects
                      appropriate pay for performance alignment.

                                                                                                        % of Annual VR maximum opportunity

                       Position                                                  2023                  2022                  2021                   2020               2019              Corporate
                       Group CEO                                                  72%                   74%                  81%                     0%                 0%
                                                                                                                                                                                        Governance
                       Group Executives                                       54% – 78%
                                                                                                                                                                                         Statement
                                                                                                    62% – 74%            70% – 99%                   0%                 0%

 2018 Long-Term       There was no LTVR vesting in 2023 as NAB did not grant any LTVR awards in relation to the 2018 performance
 VR outcomes          year. The following table provides a five-year overview of the vesting outcomes of long-term VR awards. Further
                      details on awards are provided in section 4.4.




                                                                                                                                                                                            Risk
                       Plan Terms                                                 2018                 2017                  2016                   2015               2014

                       Allocation date                                       No long term         December 2017         February 2017          March 2016         February 2015
                                                                              VR awards


                                                                                                                                                                                         management
                       Performance period                                                             4 years               4 years                4 years             5 years
                                                                             were granted
                       Date of testing                                         in 2018               Nov 2021              Nov 2020                Nov 2019         Nov 2018
                       Number of Group Executives (including
                                                                                                          5                    3                      2                   4
                       the Group CEO) who held the award(1)
                       % of award vested                                                               65.7%                 55.8%                  37.6%              34.5%
                       % of award lapsed                                                               34.3%                 44.2%                  62.4%              65.5%


                                                                                                                                                                                           Report of
                      (1) Number of Group Executives (including the Group CEO) who held the award and were a Group Executive on the vesting date




                                                                                                                                                                                         the Directors
The 2023 executive remuneration framework ceased to operate on 30 September 2023. The new 2024 executive Remuneration
Framework commenced on 1 October 2023. Further details are provided in section 5.




                                                                                                                                                                                            Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                          Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                         information




                                                                                                                                                           2023 Annual Report     121
Remuneration Report (cont.)




2.2 Group executive appointments and exit arrangements

The following table outlines the remuneration arrangements for Group Executives as a result of role changes in 2023. Further
details are provided in section 2.3.

 Group Executive                        Remuneration arrangement
 Nathan Goonan, Group Chief             •   Mr Goonan was previously the Group Executive, Strategy and Innovation.
 Financial Officer                      •   As an existing Group Executive, Mr Goonan’s remuneration on appointment aligned to the 2023
 (appointed 1 July 2023,                    executive remuneration framework. Effective from his appointment, Mr Goonan's remuneration
 ceased to be the Group                     comprised of annual FR of $1,127,500 with Annual VR maximum opportunity of 150% of FR and an LTVR
 Executive, Strategy and                    maximum opportunity of 130% of FR.
 Innovation on 30 June 2023)
 Gary Lennon, Group                     •   Mr Lennon retired from NAB on 1 October 2023. In accordance with the terms of NAB’s VR programs,
 Executive, Special Projects                Mr Lennon retained all unvested deferred short-term and long-term VR awards. The awards remain
 (ceased to be Group Chief                  subject to the relevant performance measures and restriction periods.
 Financial Officer on 1 July            •   Mr Lennon remained eligible to participate in the FY23 Annual VR plan. Mr Lennon’s Annual VR will be
 2023, retired on 1 October                 delivered in cash (50%) and deferred cash (50%), vesting in four equal annual tranches.
 2023)(1)                               •   On retirement, Mr Lennon received a payment in respect of statutory entitlements and in recognition
                                            of his contribution to the Group. Payments made in connection with Mr Lennon's retirement complied
                                            with the termination benefits regime in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
 Sarah White, Group                     •   Ms White was previously the Chief of Staff to the Group CEO.
 Executive People                       •   Due to the timing of her appointment, Ms White was provided with remuneration under the 2024
 and Culture                                executive remuneration framework. Her remuneration is comprised of annual FR of $900,000 with
 (appointed 18 August 2023)       (2)       Annual VR maximum opportunity of 100% of FR and LTI opportunity of 140% of FR (comprising the LTEA
                                            component of 70% of FR and the LTVR component of 70% of FR). Further information about the 2024
                                            executive remuneration framework is provided in section 5.
                                        •   Ms White’s 2023 Annual VR outcome was based on her performance in her previous role.
 Susan Ferrier, Group                   •   Ms Ferrier retired from NAB on 31 October 2023. In accordance with NAB’s VR programs, Ms Ferrier
 Executive People                           retained all unvested recognition award shares and all unvested deferred short-term and long-term
 and Culture                                VR awards. The awards remain subject to the relevant performance measures and restriction periods.
 (ceased to be Group                    •   Ms Ferrier remained eligible to participate in the FY23 Annual VR plan. Ms Ferrier's Annual VR will
 Executive People and                       delivered in cash (50%) and deferred cash (50%), vesting in four equal annual tranches.
 Culture on 17 August 2023,             •   On retirement, Ms Ferrier received a payment in respect of statutory entitlements, support for
 retired on 31 October 2023)(3)             transition to her retirement and in recognition of her contribution to the Group. Payments made
                                            in connection with Ms Ferrier's retirement complied with the termination benefits regime in the
                                            Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
 (1) Mr Lennon was appointed as Group Executive, Special Projects for the period 1 July 2023 to 30 September 2023. He ceased to be a KMP and member of the ELT on
     30 September 2023. He retired on 1 October 2023.
 (2) Ms White did not participate in the Annual VR program from 18 August 2023 to 30 September 2023, when she was appointed Group Executive People and Culture, and did
     not receive an Annual VR award in respect of this period. Consistent with the 2024 executive remuneration framework, Ms White will participate in the Annual VR plan and
     will receive an LTI award (comprising the LTEA component and LTVR component) in 2024.
 (3) Ms Ferrier remained employed by NAB during the period 18 August 2023 to 31 October 2023 to transition functional accountability to Ms White. She was not a KMP or a
     member of the Executive Leadership Team in this period. Ms Ferrier retired on 31 October 2023.


Group executive changes
Ms Mentis' announced her retirement at the end of FY23. Accordingly, her portfolio was reallocated to Mr Matheson from
1 November 2023. The table below outlines the change in his remuneration arrangements. Further details are provided in
section 2.3.

 Group Executive                              Remuneration arrangement
 Les Matheson, Group Executive                •   Mr Matheson was previously the Group Chief Operating Officer.
 Digital, Data and Chief                      •   As the appointment occurred within the 2024 financial year, Mr Matheson's appointment aligned
 Operating Officer                                to the 2024 executive remuneration framework. On appointment, his remuneration comprised of
 (appointed 1 November 2023,                      annual FR of $1,150,000 with an Annual VR maximum opportunity of 100% of FR and LTI opportunity of
 ceased to be Group                               140% of FR (comprising the LTEA component of 70% of FR and the LTVR component of 70% of FR).
 Chief Operating Officer on
 31 October 2023)
 Angela Mentis, Group Chief                   •   Ms Mentis retired from NAB on 31 October 2023. In accordance with the terms of NAB’s VR
 Digital, Data and Analytics Officer              programs, Ms Mentis retained all unvested deferred short-term and long-term VR awards. The
 (retired and ceased to be Group                  awards remain subject to the relevant performance measures and restriction periods.
 Chief Digital, Data & Analytics              •   Ms Mentis remained eligible to participate in the FY23 Annual VR plan. Ms Mentis' Annual VR will be
 Officer on 31 October 2023)                      delivered in cash (50%) and deferred cash (50%), vesting in four equal annual tranches.
                                              •   On retirement, Ms Mentis received a payment in respect of statutory entitlements and in
                                                  recognition of her contribution to the Group. Payments made in connection with Ms Mentis'
                                                  retirement complied with the termination benefits regime in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).




122   National Australia Bank
Remuneration Report (cont.)




2.3 Key management personnel


                                                                                                                                                                                  About
The list of NAB's Key Management Personnel (KMP) is assessed each year and comprises of the non-executive directors of
NAB, the Group CEO (an executive director of NAB) and the Group Executives who represent employees of the Group and have
authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of both NAB and the Group. The KMP during
2023 were:                                                                                                                                                                     this report

 Name                                                 Position                                                                                        Term as KMP
 Non-executive directors
 Philip Chronican                                     Chair                                                                                           Full year

                                                                                                                                                                               Our business
 David Armstrong                                      Director                                                                                        Full year
 Kathryn Fagg                                         Director                                                                                        Full year


                                                                                                                                                                                  in 2023
 Christine Fellowes(1)                                Director                                                                                        Part year
 Peeyush Gupta                                        Director                                                                                        Full year
 Carolyn Kay   (2)
                                                      Director                                                                                        Part year
 Alison Kitchen(3)                                    Director                                                                                        Part year
 Anne Loveridge                                       Director                                                                                        Full year




                                                                                                                                                                                  Creating value
 Douglas McKay                                        Director                                                                                        Full year
 Simon McKeon                                         Director                                                                                        Full year
 Ann Sherry                                           Director                                                                                        Full year
 Group CEO
 Ross McEwan                                          Group Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director                                             Full year
 Group Executives
 Sharon Cook                                          Group Executive, Legal and Commercial Services                                                  Full year
 Shaun Dooley                                         Group Chief Risk Officer                                                                        Full year                Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                              Governance
 Susan Ferrier(4)                                     Group Executive, People and Culture (to 17 August 2023)                                         Part year
 David Gall                                           Group Executive, Corporate and Institutional Banking                                            Full year
 Nathan Goonan(5)                                     Group Executive, Strategy and Innovation (to 30 June 2023)                                      Full year                Statement
                                                      Group Chief Financial Officer (from 1 July 2023)
 Daniel Huggins(6)                                    Managing Director and CEO of Bank of New Zealand                                                Full year
 Andrew Irvine                                        Group Executive, Business and Private Banking                                                   Full year


                                                                                                                                                                                  Risk
 Gary Lennon     (7)
                                                      Group Chief Financial Officer (to 30 June 2023)                                                 Full year
                                                      Group Executive, Special Projects (from 1 July 2023)
 Les Matheson(8)                                      Group Chief Operating Officer                                                                   Full year


                                                                                                                                                                               management
 Angela Mentis(9)                                     Group Chief Digital, Data and Analytics Officer                                                 Full year
 Rachel Slade                                         Group Executive, Personal Banking                                                               Full year
 Patrick Wright                                       Group Executive, Technology and Enterprise Operations                                           Full year
 Sarah White(10)                                      Group Executive, People and Culture (from 18 August 2023)                                       Part year
 (1) Christine Fellowes' appointment was effective 5 June 2023. She will stand for election at the 2023 Annual General Meeting.


                                                                                                                                                                                 Report of
 (2) Carolyn Kay's appointment was effective 31 July 2023. She will stand for election at the 2023 Annual General Meeting.
 (3) Alison Kitchen's appointment was effective 27 September 2023. She will stand for election at the 2023 Annual General Meeting.
 (4) Susan Ferrier ceased to be a KMP and member of the Executive Leadership Team on 17 August 2023. She remained an employee of NAB until 31 October 2023.


                                                                                                                                                                               the Directors
 (5) As announced on 21 March 2023, Nathan Goonan commenced as Group Chief Financial Officer from 1 July 2023.
 (6) All matters relating to the remuneration of Daniel Huggins including VR, have been approved by the BNZ Board as required under BNZ's Conditions of Registration which
      are set by the Reserve Bank of New Zealand.
 (7) Gary Lennon ceased to be a KMP and member of the Executive Leadership team on 30 September 2023 and retired on 1 October 2023.
 (8) As announced on 5 October 2023, Les Matheson commenced as Group Executive Digital, Data and Chief Operating Officer on 1 November 2023.
 (9) Angela Mentis retired and ceased to be a KMP and member of the Executive Leadership Team following the end of FY23 on 31 October 2023.
 (10) Sarah White's appointment was effective 18 August 2023.




                                                                                                                                                                                  Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                Additional

                                                                                                                                                                               information




                                                                                                                                                2023 Annual Report      123
Remuneration Report (cont.)




Section 3 - Our 2023 executive variable reward plans
The 2023 executive remuneration framework (including the executive variable reward plans described below) applied for 2023
and ceased to operate on 30 September 2023. From 1 October 2023, the new executive remuneration framework, as described in
section 5, came into effect for the Group CEO and Group Executives.

3.1 Annual variable reward for 2023

The table below outlines the key features of the 2023 Annual VR plan for the Group CEO and Group Executives.

 Feature                 Description
 Purpose                 Annual VR rewards the Group CEO and Group Executives for delivery of annual goals that drive long-term sustainable
                         performance. It provides an appropriate level of remuneration that varies based on the Board’s determination of
                         Group and individual performance over the financial year measured against agreed targets for financial and non-
                         financial measures that are set to drive delivery of the Group's strategy. The plan is not wholly formulaic. Judgement
                         is applied through qualitative assessment as determined by the Board.
 Annual VR               Position                                                                 Target opportunity                                       Maximum opportunity
 opportunity
                         Group CEO and Group Executives                                                  100% of FR                                               150% of FR
                         (excluding Group Chief Risk Officer)
                         Group Chief Risk Officer                                                         75% of FR                                              112.5% of FR
 Group                   Group performance is assessed on achievement of financial and non-financial measures (GPI) linked to the Group's
 performance             key strategic priorities, overlaid by a qualitative assessment. The qualitative assessment may result in the outcome
                         being adjusted upwards or downwards (including to zero) for risk, quality of performance (including consideration
                         of financial and customer outcomes, sustainability matters, and progress made against strategy) and any other
                         matters as determined by the Board. Further detail on the 2023 GPI and outcome is provided in section 4.1.
 Individual              Individual performance is assessed against a scorecard comprised of key financial and non-financial goals. The
 performance             weighting of measures reflects the responsibilities for each individual's role. The Group CEO's 2023 scorecard is
 and measures            aligned to the GPI.

                                  Group CEO                                               60%                                                        20%                   15%          5%

                         Group Executives                     20%                         20%                          20%                           20%                      20%

                                                     Financial           Customers               Colleagues             Risk*           Safe Growth
                                                  Ϊ×ƁŖϒƼďǣŏχǫϒďǫǫŖǫǫƯŖƱǷϒƼűϒǷƁŖϒIǣƼȇǠϒ.χǫϒǣƆǫƚϒƼȇǷňƼƯŖϒƆǫϒďǠǠƞƆŖŏϒďǫϒďƱϒVƱŏƆȣƆŏȇďƞϒ ƼŏƆȼŖǣΘ

                         Individual performance modifiers: The Board considers three individual performance modifiers which may result in
                         an adjustment to individuals’ performance and VR outcomes:
                         •     Risk: the individual's management of risk and compliance
                         •     Employee conduct: individual performance and VR outcomes may be reduced where expected standards of
                               conduct are not met
                         •     How We Work: the individual's demonstration of NAB’s values
 Annual VR               Individual Annual VR awards for the Group CEO andNAB Group
                                                                           Group    Strategy(1) are calculated as follows:
                                                                                 Executives
 calculation
                                 Target                                         Group Scorecard                                                             Individual Scorecard
                               Opportunity                     Group Performance Indicators + Qualitative Assessment                             )$1$0' -!*-() ۳ )$1$0'*$޲ -

                                     FR                               4޲))$')                        $.&*$޲ -                          Individual                     Risk
                                      x                          )*)Җ޲))$'( .0- .                       Quality of                          performance               Employee Conduct
                             Annual VR target %                      to deliver the                          performance                           measures                   How We Work
                                                                    -*0+ҍ../-/ "4



                         Discretionary adjustments: Annual VR is discretionary and will vary in line with Group and individual performance and
                         available funding. The Board may determine any amount be awarded from zero up to the maximum VR opportunity.
                         The Group CEO's 2023 scorecard, assessment and outcomes are provided in section 4.2.
 Award                   Annual VR is delivered as a combination of cash and deferred rights. The cash component of Annual VR is paid
 delivery and            following the performance year to which it relates.
 deferral                Deferred rights are granted in February 2024 and are scheduled to vest pro-rata over four years from grant. Deferred
                         rights are granted and may vest by the Board at its discretion, subject to the relevant plan rules including malus and
                         clawback provisions.
                         A dividend equivalent payment for any vested deferred rights is paid at the end of each deferral period.
 Separation              If the Group CEO or Group Executive resigns, they will not receive any Annual VR for that year and any unvested
                         deferred rights will be forfeited.
                         Unvested awards may be retained on separation in other circumstances prior to the end of the vesting period. The
                         Board retains discretion to determine a different treatment. Vesting of any unvested awards retained will generally
                         not be accelerated and will continue to be held by the individual on the same terms.
 Board                   The Board has extensive discretion in respect of the Annual VR awarded. Further detail on governance of Annual VR is
 discretion              outlined in section 6.2.
 (1) All matters relating to the remuneration of Daniel Huggins, Managing Director and CEO BNZ, including scorecard measures and performance assessment, have been
     approved by the BNZ Board as required under BNZ's Conditions of Registration which are set by the Reserve Bank of New Zealand. Daniel Huggins’ Annual VR is calculated
     as VR Target Opportunity x (50% Group performance + 50% BNZ performance) x Individual Performance Score. BNZ performance is assessed based on Customer (30%);
     Colleagues (12.5%); Safe Growth (7.5%) and Financial (50%). The assessed overall BNZ performance for 2023 was 100%.




124   National Australia Bank
Remuneration Report (cont.)




3.2 Long-term variable reward allocated in 2023


                                                                                                                                                                                     About
The table below outlines the key features of the LTVR award allocated in February 2023 for the Group CEO and Group Executives.
From 1 October 2023, the Group CEO and Group Executives will be awarded a Long Term Incentive (LTI) award under the new

                                                                                                                                                                                  this report
executive remuneration framework. The LTI award (comprising the LTEA and LTVR components) will be granted in February 2024
(subject to shareholder approval for the grant to the Group CEO). Further information about the new executive remuneration
framework is provided in section 5.

 Feature                             Description
 Purpose                             LTVR awards were granted by the Board to encourage long-term decision making critical to creating long-

                                                                                                                                                                                  Our business
                                     term value for shareholders. They were determined and awarded independently from Annual VR decisions.
 Participants                        Group CEO and Group Executives as determined by the Board.


                                                                                                                                                                                     in 2023
 Award value                         The maximum face value of the LTVR award was 130% of FR for the Group CEO and Group Executives. The
                                     value of the LTVR granted was determined by the Board. The Board considered the Group's and the relevant
                                     participant's performance when determining the LTVR granted to the participant.
                                     The actual value delivered to each participant is subject to the level of achievement against the
                                     performance measure and may be zero if the performance measure is not achieved.
 Instrument                          The LTVR award was provided as performance rights.




                                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value
                                     Each performance right entitles its holder to receive one NAB share at the end of the four year
                                     performance period, subject to the performance measure being satisfied.
 Allocation approach                 The number of performance rights granted was calculated by dividing the LTVR award face value by NAB's
                                     weighted average share price over the last five trading days of the financial year. The weighted average
                                     share price used for the 2023 LTVR award, which was allocated on 23 February 2023, was $29.11.
 Grant date                          The LTVR award was granted on 23 February 2023.
 Performance period                  Four years from 15 November 2022 to 15 November 2026.
 Performance measure                 TSR measures the return that a shareholder receives through dividends (and any other distributions)
                                     together with capital gains over a specific period. For the purposes of calculating TSR over the
                                     performance period, the value of the relevant shares on the start date and the end date of the
                                     performance period are based on the volume weighted average price of those shares over the 30 trading                                        Corporate
                                     days up to and including the relevant date.
                                     NAB's TSR is measured against the TSR peer group to determine the level of vesting:                                                         Governance
                                     NAB's relative TSR outcome                                           Level of vesting                                                        Statement
                                     Below 50th percentile                                                0%
                                     At 50th percentile                                                   50%
                                     Between 50th and 75th percentiles                                    Pro-rata vesting from 50% to 100%


                                                                                                                                                                                     Risk
                                     At or above 75th percentile                                          100%
                                     The TSR peer group is AMP Limited, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited, Bank of Queensland
                                     Limited, Bendigo and Adelaide Bank Limited, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Macquarie Group Limited,

                                                                                                                                                                                  management
                                     Suncorp Group Limited and Westpac Banking Corporation. No change was made from the prior year.
 Testing                             TSR outcomes are calculated by an independent provider.
 No retesting                        The performance measure is not retested. Any performance rights that have not vested after the end of
                                     performance period will lapse in December 2026.
 Dividends                           No dividends are paid throughout the vesting period or in respect of vested performance rights.



                                                                                                                                                                                    Report of
 Separation                          The treatment of performance rights will depend on the reason for separation:
                                     •   Resignation: performance rights will be forfeited in full
                                     •   All other circumstances including retrenchment and retirement: the performance rights will be retained

                                                                                                                                                                                  the Directors
                                         in full unless otherwise determined by the Board in its absolute discretion(1)
                                     Any performance rights a participant continues to hold will remain subject to the performance measure,
                                     with the measure being tested in accordance with the normal timetable.
 Board discretion                    The Board has extensive discretion in respect of the LTVR, including the initial value granted, the amount
                                     of performance rights that vest and any forfeiture or clawback applied. Further detail is provided in
                                     section 6.2.




                                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report
 (1) For example, if the participant retires prior to the end of the financial year in which the performance rights are granted, generally the Board will exercise its
     discretion to allow the participant to retain a pro-rata portion of the performance rights reflecting the proportion of the LTVR performance period served when the
     retirement occurs.




                                                                                                                                                                                   Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                  information




                                                                                                                                                2023 Annual Report         125
Remuneration Report (cont.)




3.3 Remuneration mix

The 2023 remuneration mix for the Group CEO and Group Executives at maximum opportunity aimed to deliver approximately
three-quarters of total remuneration as variable and 'at risk' remuneration. The actual remuneration mix for the Group CEO and
each Group Executive is subject to Group(1) and individual performance each year.

 Group CEO                                      Group CRO                                        Other Group Executives


                                 26%                                                 30%                                          26%
                                                                                                                                                Fixed remuneration
                                                                                                                                                Annual VR cash
34%                                             38%                                             34%                                             Annual VR deferred rights
                                                                                                                                                LTVR
                                 20%                                                  16%                                         20%
       20%                                                    16%                                         20%
3.4 Long-term alignment of remuneration

The executive remuneration framework that applied in 2023 incorporated deferral to ensure shareholder alignment and a focus
on continued, sustainable performance. A proportion of remuneration is deferred in the form of equity for up to four years. This
encourages long-term decisions which are critical to creating sustainable value for customers and shareholders. The Board
retains discretion to determine whether all or some variable reward (unvested, vested or paid) may be subject to malus and
clawback. See section 6.2 for more detail.

                                    2023                            2024                           2025                       2026                         2027


                           Deferred Rights                                          12.5%                       12.5%                      12.5%                  12.5%
Deferred Annual VR
                           allocated                                                           Vesting period


                           Performance Rights                                                                                           100%
Long-Term VR
                           allocated                                          Performance period

                                                                             Subject to in-year adjustments, malus and clawback

                          Performance testing         Allocation of awards          Vesting




 (1) The outcome for the Managing Director and CEO BNZ will vary depending on overall Group and BNZ performance.


126   National Australia Bank
Remuneration Report (cont.)




Section 4 - Remuneration outcomes
4.1 Group performance
                                                                                                                                                                     About
The Board determined Group performance for 2023 based on the GPI outlined below. The 2023 GPI was determined as 90%. The
GPI is linked to the Group's key strategic priorities, and has regard to a qualitative assessment of risk, performance (including                                 this report
consideration of financial, sustainability and customer outcomes, and progress made against strategy) and any other matters as
determined by the Board.
In 2023, when determining the GPI outcome, the Board considered a range of qualitative factors including progress on
sustainability matters. This included progress against sustainability priorities, support for customers (including affordable

                                                                                                                                                                  Our business
housing, cost of living support and scam and fraud prevention), community initiatives, colleague engagement and gender
equality. Further detail on the sustainability matters in our performance and reward framework is provided in section 4.2.


                                                                                                                                                                     in 2023
The 2023 GPI outcomes were:


       Group Performance Indicators

   Return on Total Allocated Equity                   Cash earnings                                      Strategic Net Promoter Score(3)




                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value
   (25%)                                              (25%)                                              (20%)
   (expected loss basis)(1)                           (expected loss basis)(2)                           (measures customer advocacy)

   13.15%                                             $7.64bn                                            -3                              6
   Against plan of 12.93%                             Against plan of $7.5 billion
                                                                                                         Consumer     (4)
                                                                                                                                         Business(5)
      Outcome: Above Plan                                 Outcome: Above Plan                            Against target of 2             Against target of 2



                                                                                                         -9                              #1
   Market Share
   (10%)                                                                                                                                                          Corporate
   (assessment of growth in business
   lending, home lending and deposits,                                                                   High Net Worth &                C&IB lead(7)            Governance
                                                                                                                                                                  Statement
   across Australia and New Zealand)(8)                                                                  Mass Affluent(6)                Against target


   20.04%
                                                                                                         Against target of +1            of being #1

                                                                                                             Outcome: Partially Met
   Against plan of 20.07%


                                                                                                                                                                     Risk
      Outcome: Partially Met


   Colleague Engagement Score                         Gender Equality                                    Intelligent Control Score

                                                                                                                                                                  management
   (7.5%)                                             (7.5%)                                             (5%)
   (measures colleague engagement                     Representation of women in                         (internal measure of the Group’s
   and motivation)                                    Group 4-6 roles                                    control environment)

   77                                                 39%                                                91
                                                                                                                                                                    Report of
   Against upper quartile target of 77                Against plan of 39.7%                              Against target of 86.1
      Outcome: At Target                                  Outcome: Partially Met                             Outcome: Above Target


                                                                                                                                                                  the Directors
(1) Return on Total Allocated Equity on an expected loss basis remains sensitive to changes in the risk profile of the Group’s portfolio.
(2) Calculation of cash earnings on an expected loss basis provides a view that is reflective of long-term underlying business performance
    and is less volatile than cash earnings which includes the Credit Impairment Charge view, which in individual years can be impacted by large
    movements in economic adjustments and forward looking adjustments.
(3) Net Promoter® and NPS® are registered trademarks and Net Promoter Score and Net Promoter Systems are trademarks of Bain & Company, Inc., NICE




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report
    Systems, Inc. and Fred Reichheld.
(4) Sourced from DBM Consumer Atlas (part of RFI Global), measured on 6 month rolling average to August 2023. Baseline is August 2022. Consumer
    NPS excludes consumers with Personal income of $260k+ and/or investible assets of $1m+. Ranking based on absolute scores, not statistically
    significant differences.
(5) Sourced from DBM Business Atlas (part of RFI Global), measured on 6 month rolling average to August 2023. Baseline is August 2022. Business NPS is
    based on equal (25:25:25:25) combined weighting of NAB turnover segments: Micro (Up to $100k turnover), Small ($100k-$5m turnover), Medium ($5m-
    $50m turnover), Large ($50m+). Ranking based on absolute scores, not statistically significant differences.
(6) Sourced from DBM Consumer Atlas (part of RFI Global), measured on 6 month rolling average to August 2023. Baseline is August 2022. Based on all
    consumers 18+, in either High Net Worth definition or Mass Affluent definition and on equal (50:50) combined weighting of included segments. Mass
    Affluent includes consumers with Personal income of $260k+ and/or investible assets less than $2.5m and/or investible assets $1m<$2.5m, High Net


                                                                                                                                                                   Additional
    Worth includes consumers with investible assets of $2.5m+. Ranking based on absolute scores, not statistically significant differences.
(7) Met target based on ranking in our target market, informed by an independent survey.


                                                                                                                                                                  information
(8) Each product line is assessed individually with overall market share assessment being the weighted sum of outcomes across all product lines.
    Market share targets per product are calibrated to the Annual Strategic and Financial Corporate Plan.




                                                                                                                                      2023 Annual Report   127
Remuneration Report (cont.)




As part of our governance process, the GPI outcome may be modified by the Board due to unsatisfactory risk or conduct
findings. The Group Risk Performance assessment, undertaken by the Group Chief Risk Officer, reviewed the Group’s practices
and presented the findings to the Board and the Board Risk and Compliance Committee.

Historical Group performance
The table below shows the Group's annual financial performance over the last five years and its impact on shareholder value,
taking into account dividend payments, share price changes, and other capital adjustments during the period.

 Financial performance measure                                                                        2023           2022            2021            2020           2019
 Basic earnings per share (cents)                                                                    238.0           219.3           196.3           112.7          208.2
 Cash earnings ($m)(1)                                                                               7,731           7,104           6,558           3,710          5,853
 Dividends paid per share ($)                                                                         1.61            1.40            0.90            1.13            1.82
 Company share price at start of year ($)                                                            28.81           27.83           17.75           29.70          27.81
 Company share price at end of year ($)                                                              29.07           28.81           27.83           17.75          29.70
 Absolute Total Shareholder Return - latest financial year                                            6.5%            8.6%           61.9%          (36.4%)         13.3%
 Absolute Total Shareholder Return - rolling four financial year period                              14.9%           22.5%            6.9%          (11.5%)         29.6%
 (1) Information is presented on a continuing operations basis, unless otherwise stated. 2019 has been restated for the presentation of MLC Wealth as a discontinued
     operation. No other comparative periods have been restated.


The table below summarises the variable reward outcomes for the Group CEO and Group Executives over the last five years,
including vesting of LTVR awards relating to prior periods.

                                                                                                      2023           2022            2021            2020           2019
 Group CEO Annual VR (% of max. Annual VR)                                                             72%             74%             81%              0%              0%
 Average Group Executives Annual VR (% of max. Annual VR)(1)                                           68%             65%             83%              0%              0%
 LTVR award - four year performance period (% of total award vested)(2)                                n/a(3)          66%             56%            38%               0%
 LTVR award - five year performance period (% of total award vested)(4)                                n/a             n/a             n/a            35%               0%
 NAB's four year relative TSR (S&P/ASX50)        (5)                                                   n/a             n/a             n/a           23rd            20th
 NAB's four year relative TSR (Top Financial Services peer group)(5)(6)                                n/a(3)         71st            71st           57th            43rd
 NAB's five year relative TSR (S&P/ASX50)        (5)                                                   n/a             n/a             n/a           22nd            35th
 NAB's five year relative TSR (Top Financial Services peer group)(5)(6)                                n/a             n/a             n/a           57th            43rd
 (1) The maximum Annual VR opportunity has changed over time, consistent with the relevant Annual VR plan.
 (2) The amount shown for 2022 is the portion of the total 2017 LTI award that vested and for 2021 is the portion of the total 2016 LTI award that vested. Both awards were
     measured over a four year performance period, against relevant peer groups.
 (3) NAB did not award any LTVR in 2018 and therefore there was no award to be tested for vesting in 2023.
 (4) The amount shown for 2020 is the percentage of the total 2014 LTI award that vested. This award was measured over a five year performance period against relevant
     peer groups.
 (5) Measured over the performance period of the relevant LTVR award.
 (6) The Top Financial Services peer group for all awards is: AMP Limited, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited, Bank of Queensland Limited, Bendigo & Adelaide
     Bank Limited, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Suncorp Group Limited and Westpac Banking Corporation.




128   National Australia Bank
Remuneration Report (cont.)




4.2 Group CEO's performance


                                                                                                                                                      About
The table below shows the key 2023 performance measures for the Group CEO and Group Executives and the Board's assessment
of the Group CEO's performance against those measures. The measures were selected to support the Group strategy and are
underpinned by the GPI scorecard in section 4.1. The Board considers that the Group CEO and Group Executives have maintained
momentum in delivering the Group strategy and have delivered strong results against the Group's business plan in a challenging                     this report
and competitive economic environment.

 Goal, objective and assessment                                                                                  Weighting     Outcome
 Financial: Deliver attractive returns, safe growth and the financial plan                                          60%        Achieved


                                                                                                                                                   Our business
 Strong financial performance with above plan cash earnings and disciplined management of the
 Group's balance sheet. The Group has maintained strong liquidity through 2023 with surpluses above
 regulatory requirements.

                                                                                                                                                      in 2023
 •   Return on Total Allocated Equity (expected loss basis)(1) of 13.15% was 22 basis points higher than plan.
 •   Cash earnings (expected loss basis)(2) of $7,639 million was $117 million or 1.6% higher than plan.
 •   Market Share below plan expectations.
                  (3)




 •   Financial performance / profit growth reflects the continued, disciplined execution of our long-term
     strategy targeting growth in higher returning segments while managing the impact of the higher interest
     rate environment.




                                                                                                                                                      Creating value
 Customers: Deliver a great customer experience and grow customer advocacy                                          20%         Partially
 Continued support for our customers with a focus on vulnerable customers, customer complaint handling,                        Achieved
 customer advocacy and our remediation program. Strategic NPS(4) results were disappointing and below
 target in 3 out of 4 priority segments.
 •   C&IB NPS leads peers. This was at target(5).
 •   Consumer NPS was 3 points below the baseline of 0, with NAB ranked second among the major
     Australian banks(6).
 •   Business NPS was 10 points above baseline (-4), with NAB ranked second among the major
     Australian banks(7).
 •   High Net Worth and Mass Affluent NPS was 6 points below baseline (-3), with NAB ranked third                                                  Corporate
     among the major Australian banks(8). The HNW NPS segment ended 2023 ranked first among the major
     Australian banks.                                                                                                                            Governance
                                                                                                                                                   Statement
 •   Accelerating efforts to protect customers against scams and fraud via customer awareness and
     education campaigns, and investing in biometric technologies, machine learning, 24/7 account
     monitoring, working with telecommunications companies and delivering pro-active customer alerts.
 •   Continued improvement to complaints handling and resolution of remediation programs.
 •   Increased climate and sustainable financing products including the NAB Agri Green Loan, business
     finance for “green” equipment and new capability to provide equity funding in innovative early-stage

                                                                                                                                                      Risk
     climate-related investments.
 Colleagues: Lead cultural change through energy, positivity, simplicity and engaged colleagues                     15%         Partially
                                                                                                                               Achieved

                                                                                                                                                   management
 Colleague engagement increased steadily throughout the year achieving an average colleague
 engagement score of 77 for 2023, with a Q4 engagement spot score of 78, which was a top quartile
 outcome . This reflects the work undertaken to realise our desired culture, including simplifying our
           (9)




 processes and prioritising workload management and well-being.
 •   Continued to embed effective leadership practices across the Group with 92% of leaders having
     completed the Distinctive Leadership Program.
 •   Notable improvement (0.8% increase) in the representation of women in Leadership (Group 4 – 6) roles


                                                                                                                                                     Report of
     was achieved but was slightly below target.
 •   Implementation of the three-year EA comprehensively supported by the colleague vote.



                                                                                                                                                   the Directors
 •   Effective leadership of challenging talent market with reduced attrition and effective attraction of key
     leadership roles and critical capabilities.




                                                                                                                                                      Financial report




                                                                                                                                                    Additional

                                                                                                                                                   information




                                                                                                                     2023 Annual Report     129
Remuneration Report (cont.)




 Goal, objective and assessment                                                                                                            Weighting          Outcome
 Safe Growth: Deliver the Group strategy with improved processes and controls across the Group                                                  5%             Highly
 Improved management of the Group's obligations, risk and control environment and delivery against our                                                        Achieved
 long-term strategy.
 •    Achieved an Intelligent Control Score (internal measure of the Group's control environment) of 91 against
      a target of 86 (and a baseline of 81).
 •    Strong momentum in innovation and partnerships highlighted by Instant Credit Decisioning and the
      launch of NAB Stablecoin (tokenisation) with our world's first borderless transaction.
 •    Effective execution against our Technology Modernisation plan.
 •    Good execution of Mergers and Acquisition integration agenda.
 •    Good progress against our sustainability and climate strategy which is outlined further in NAB’s
      Climate Report (see below for additional information on the application of sustainability matters
      within performance).
 Outcome before application of modifier                                                                                                                        Partially
                                                                                                                                                              Achieved
 Risk modifier: Regulatory, breach management, progress on matters of interest, losses associated with                                                        Achieved
 operational events and remediation costs, reputation
 •    Maintained a stable risk profile in a volatile external environment, with a majority of Material Risk
      Categories improved or stable and positive momentum on significant risk issues throughout 2023.
 •    Increased focus on commitment to strengthening risk management and performance across the
      organisation, driven by Group CEO personal sponsorship, a focus on safe growth, protecting customers,
      improving risk management practices and disciplined management of compliance requirements,
 •    Responses to challenges presented by increased fraud and scams managed effectively, resulting in the
      average ‘speed of answer’ for calls to Fraud Operations significantly improving, the fraud and scams NPS
      improving and complaints reducing.
 •    Improvement in the Financial Crime risk profile including the on-schedule delivery of the AUSTRAC
      Enforceable Undertaking Remedial Action Plan.
 •    Achieved highest RepTrak survey score in six years and third consecutive quarterly increase(10).
 How We Work modifier: Individual conduct and demonstration of NAB's values                                                                                    Highly
 The Group CEO demonstrated the Group's values and supported the Group's desired culture.                                                                     Achieved

 •    Continued focus on simplification and productivity.
 •    Consistently driving accountability and performance focus across all leadership segments.
 •    Role modelled customer service behaviours with extensive engagement with key customers on a
      regular basis.
 •    Leadership across scams and fraud.
 •    Purposeful and regular engagement with colleagues including a focus on celebrating colleague success
      and encouraging colleagues to speak up and challenge the status quo.
 •    Demonstrated all leadership requirements and has improved the culture of accountability across
      all colleagues.
 Overall Outcome                                                                                                                                              CEO: 108%
 The Group CEO's overall outcome was assessed as Highly Achieved reflecting his personal leadership                                                           of target
 contribution internally on strategic matters and externally on matters of significance, as well as role-                                                      72% of
 modelling individual conduct and NAB's values.                                                                                                               maximum
                                                                                                                                                             opportunity
 (1) Return on Total Allocated Equity on an expected loss basis remains sensitive to changes in the risk profile of the Group's portfolio. Statutory net profit for the period
      amounted to $7,414 million.
 (2) Calculation on an expected loss basis provides a view that is reflective of long-term underlying business performance and is less volatile than the Credit Impairment
      Charge view which in individual years can be impacted by large movements in economic adjustments and forward looking adjustments.
 (3) Market Share is assessed by each product individually. Products include Australia Home Lending (16%, APRA), New Zealand Home Lending (4%, RBNZ), Australia SME Lending
      (27%, RBA), New Zealand Business Lending (3%, RBNZ), Australia Household Deposits (21%, APRA), New Zealand Household Deposits (4%, RBNZ), Australia Business Deposits
      excluding Financial Institutions and Government (21%, APRA), New Zealand Business Deposits (4%, RBNZ). Market Share movement results are July 2022 to July 2023.
 (4) Net Promoter® and NPS® are registered trademarks and Net Promoter Score and Net Promoter Systems are trademarks of Bain & Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc. and
      Fred Reichheld.
 (5) Met target based on ranking in our target market, informed by an independent survey.
 (6) Sourced from DBM Consumer Atlas (part of RFI Global), measured on 6 month rolling average to August 2023. Baseline is August 2022. Consumer NPS excludes
      consumers with Personal income of $260k+ and/or investible assets of $1m+. Ranking based on absolute scores, not statistically significant differences.
 (7) Sourced from DBM Business Atlas (part of RFI Global), measured on 6 month rolling average to August 2023. Baseline is August 2022. Business NPS is based on equal
      (25:25:25:25) combined weighting of NAB turnover segments: Micro (Up to $100k turnover), Small ($100k-$5m turnover), Medium ($5m-$50m turnover), Large ($50m+).
      Ranking based on absolute scores, not statistically significant differences.
 (8) Sourced from DBM Consumer Atlas (part of RFI Global), measured on 6 month rolling average to August 2023. Baseline is August 2022. Based on all consumers 18+, in
      either High Net Worth definition or Mass Affluent definition and on equal (50:50) combined weighting of included segments. Mass Affluent includes consumers with
      Personal income of $260k+ and/or investible assets less than $2.5m and/or investible assets of $1m<$2.5m, High Net Worth includes consumers with investible assets of
      $2.5m+. Ranking based on absolute scores, not statistically significant differences.
 (9) The Group's average colleague engagement increased to 77 over 2023, with a Q4 spot score of 78 in August 2023. This is based on the methodology adopted by Glint
      (which conducts the Heartbeat survey). Top quartile is based upon Glint's client group (domestic and global, from all industries).
 (10) RepTrak Score (0-100) is provided by The RepTrak Company. It is an independent measurement of company reputation among those familiar with NAB. Data is reported
      on a quarterly basis.




130   National Australia Bank
Remuneration Report (cont.)




Sustainability within our remuneration framework
Our strategic ambition, to serve customers well and help communities prosper is reflected in the measures that determine

                                                                                                                                          About
performance and remuneration across NAB. Sustainability related performance is part of this process and is applied within our
GPI and qualitative assessment of performance, as well as Group CEO, Group Executive and colleague scorecards.

                                                                                                                                       this report
The governance and oversight of how these measures are set, reviewed and linked to the Group CEO and Group Executives'
remuneration outcomes are in accordance with the Group's governance and oversight framework outlined in section 6.1.
Our approach has been consistent since 2020 when the new Group strategy was implemented.

Examples of Sustainability within our performance framework
The list below provides some examples of the types of sustainability related matters that have been incorporated into the

                                                                                                                                       Our business
assessments of the Group CEO and Group Executives' performance in 2023. For specific Group Executives, sustainability related
measures are included within their individual performance scorecards.


                                                                                                                                          in 2023
•   Positive customer outcomes: Including NPS measures, meaningful action on customer complaints, appropriate support for
    customers experiencing vulnerability, actions taken to build customer awareness and reduce the impact of fraud and scams.
•   Positive colleague outcomes: Colleague engagement, gender equality, inclusion and diversity.
•   Progress against sustainability priorities:
    – Climate change: Progress against existing, and establishing additional, sector decarbonisation targets; building




                                                                                                                                          Creating value
       operational maturity and colleague capability; increasing support for customers through product and service development
       and safe growth in environmental financing.
    – Affordable and specialist housing: Progress against NAB’s affordable and specialist housing target and development of
      NAB’s specialised customer proposition in target growth areas.
    – Indigenous economic advancement: Progress against NAB’s Indigenous business strategy including growth of a
      specialised banking team, and safe growth in financing to Indigenous businesses.
    – Natural disaster support: Maturity of NAB’s customer and colleague disaster support process and national partnerships
      implemented to drive meaningful philanthropic activity.
Individual performance modifiers for Risk and How We Work (conduct and values) also consider sustainability related matters, and       Corporate
therefore may influence final assessed performance.
                                                                                                                                      Governance
Further information on NAB’s approach to managing climate change and other sustainability related matters is provided in NAB’s
2023 Climate Report.                                                                                                                   Statement




                                                                                                                                          Risk


                                                                                                                                       management




                                                                                                                                         Report of


                                                                                                                                       the Directors




                                                                                                                                          Financial report




                                                                                                                                        Additional

                                                                                                                                       information




                                                                                                           2023 Annual Report   131
Remuneration Report (cont.)




4.3 In-year variable reward outcomes

Group CEO and Group Executives
The table below outlines the Annual VR outcome for the Group CEO and each Group Executive for 2023 compared to each
individual's maximum Annual VR opportunity. The variance in the individual scores reflects differences in performance against
individual scorecards.

                                                                        Maximum                                                           VR          % of maximum
                                                                        Annual VR               Total          Annual VR           deferred                Annual VR
                                                                      opportunity           Annual VR              cash               rights(1)         opportunity
 Name                                                                               $                  $                  $                  $                        %
 Group CEO
 Ross McEwan                                                               3,750,000          2,700,000          1,350,000          1,350,000                        72
 Group Executives
 Sharon Cook                                                               1,460,625            920,194            460,097            460,097                        63
 Shaun Dooley                                                              1,383,750            871,763            435,882            435,881                        63
 Susan Ferrier(2)                                                          1,220,733            659,195            329,597            329,598                        54
 David Gall                                                                1,845,000          1,383,750            691,875            691,875                        75
 Nathan Goonan                                                             1,690,500          1,065,015            532,507            532,508                        63
 Andrew Irvine                                                             1,845,000          1,439,100            719,550            719,550                        78
 Gary Lennon                                                               1,691,250          1,166,963            583,482            583,481                        69
 Les Matheson                                                              1,614,375          1,065,488            532,744            532,744                        66
 Angela Mentis                                                             1,845,000          1,217,700            608,850            608,850                        66
 Rachel Slade                                                              1,845,000          1,328,400            664,200            664,200                        72
 Patrick Wright                                                            2,306,250          1,591,313            795,657            795,656                        69
 Daniel Huggins(3)                                                         1,701,291          1,216,481            608,241            608,240                        72
 Sarah White(4)                                                                     -                  -                  -                  -                      n/a
 Total                                                                  24,198,774         16,625,362           8,312,682          8,312,680                         69
 (1) Due to the retirement of Susan Ferrier, Gary Lennon and Angela Mentis, their Annual VR deferred award will be paid as deferred cash.
 (2) Susan Ferrier's VR for 2023 has been pro-rated for the period she was a KMP being 1 October 2022 to 17 August 2023.
 (3) VR converted from NZD using the average exchange rate for the 2023 financial year. The Board approved VR for Daniel Huggins of $1,215,269 based on a spot exchange
     rate of A$1 = NZ$1.0855.
 (4) Sarah White received Annual VR in respect of her role prior to becoming a KMP. She was not awarded any Annual VR in relation to her Group Executive People and Culture
     role in 2023.


4.4 Prior year long-term VR awards


(a) LTVR award testing
No LTVR was available for vesting in the current year.

(b) Overview of unvested long-term awards
The following is a summary of the unvested long-term awards held by the Group CEO and Group Executives.

                                 Grant                                              Vesting
 Award                           date             Performance period                 date         Performance measures
 LTVR allocated in 2019                                                                           No LTVR awards were granted for the 2018
                                                                                                  performance year
 LTVR allocated in 2020(1) 26/02/2020            15/11/2019 to 15/11/2023          22/12/2023 NAB's TSR performance against a financial services
                                                                                              peer group
 LTVR allocated in 2021(1) 24/02/2021            15/11/2020 to 15/11/2024          22/12/2024 NAB's TSR performance against a financial services
                                                                                              peer group
 LTVR allocated in 2022(1) 23/02/2022            15/11/2021 to 15/11/2025          22/12/2025 NAB's TSR performance against a financial services
                                                                                              peer group
 LTVR allocated in 2023(1) 23/02/2023            15/11/2022 to 15/11/2026          22/12/2026 NAB's TSR performance against a financial services
                                                                                              peer group
 (1) The LTVR awards were granted based on individual performance, risk and conduct outcomes in the respective prior performance year.


The FY24 LTI award (comprised of the LTVR and LTEA components) will be granted in February 2024 under the new executive
remuneration framework.




132   National Australia Bank
Remuneration Report (cont.)




4.5 Realised remuneration


                                                                                                                                                                                  About
The table below is a voluntary non-statutory disclosure that shows the realised remuneration the Group CEO and each Group
Executive received during 2023. The amounts shown include fixed remuneration, and equity and cash-based awards that vested
in 2023. The table provides shareholders with enhanced transparency of remuneration received by Executives. The table is not
prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and this information differs from the statutory remuneration table                                                 this report
(in section 7).

                                                               2023                                        Prior years
                                            Fixed              Annual    Total 2023                     LTI        Other           Total                        Equity


                                                                                                                                                                               Our business
                                     remuneration(1)          VR cash remuneration            Performance(2)     vested/        realised                   forfeited /(5)
                                                                                                    Rights(3)       paid(4) remuneration                       lapsed(3)
                                                                                                            remuneration(3)


                                                                                                                                                                                  in 2023
 Name                                                $                $                  $                    $                  $                   $                 $
 Group CEO
 Ross McEwan                 2023          2,494,509        1,350,000          3,844,509                      -          432,063           4,276,572                   -
                              2022          2,502,740        1,387,500          3,890,240                     -                  -          3,890,240                  -
 Group




                                                                                                                                                                                  Creating value
 Executives
 Sharon Cook                 2023            966,371          460,097          1,426,468                      -          421,622           1,848,090                   -
                              2022            939,001          441,372          1,380,373             557,019              13,790           1,951,182         (294,095)
 Shaun Dooley                2023          1,219,188          435,881          1,655,069                      -          121,496           1,776,565                   -
                              2022          1,174,850          416,250          1,591,100                     -                  -          1,591,100                  -
 Susan Ferrier               2023          1,376,319          329,598          1,705,917                      -          118,051           1,823,968                   -
                              2022            902,116          418,142          1,320,258                     -            16,198           1,336,456                  -
 David Gall                  2023          1,220,965          691,875          1,912,840                      -          234,448           2,147,288                   -
                              2022          1,202,821          641,151          1,843,972             905,143                    -          2,749,115         (477,886)        Corporate
 Nathan Goonan(6)            2023            972,004          532,508          1,504,512                      -          196,018           1,700,530                   -      Governance
                                                                                                                                                                               Statement
                              2022            902,116          418,142          1,320,258                     -             4,667           1,324,925                  -
 Andrew Irvine               2023          1,220,937          719,550          1,940,487                      -       1,060,691            3,001,178                   -
                              2022          1,202,822          669,027          1,871,849                     -          767,561            2,639,410                  -
 Gary Lennon                 2023          1,681,268          583,481          2,264,749                      -          520,867           2,785,616                   -
                              2022          1,102,587          562,169          1,664,756             994,641              15,918           2,675,316         (525,196)

                                                                                                                                                                                  Risk
 Les Matheson                2023          1,068,057          532,744          1,600,801                      -          113,708           1,714,509                   -
                              2022          1,052,469          487,832          1,540,301                     -                  -          1,540,301                  -

                                                                                                                                                                               management
 Angela Mentis               2023          1,834,347          608,850          2,443,197                      -       1,225,383            3,668,580                   -
                              2022          1,205,315          692,367          1,897,682           1,193,581              44,380           3,135,643         (630,195)
 Rachel Slade                2023          1,220,937          664,200          1,885,137                      -          577,998           2,463,135                   -
                              2022          1,202,822          585,399          1,788,221                     -            15,785           1,804,006                  -
 Patrick Wright              2023          1,526,171          795,656          2,321,827                      -       2,099,910            4,421,737                   -

                                                                                                                                                                                 Report of
                              2022          1,503,527          696,903          2,200,430           1,293,065              81,400           3,574,895         (682,694)
 Daniel


                                                                                                                                                                               the Directors
 Huggins(7)(8)               2023          1,141,636          608,240          1,749,876                      -          187,776           1,937,652                   -
                              2022          1,124,003          580,127          1,704,130                     -          696,728            2,400,858                  -
 Sarah White(9)(10)          2023            105,814                  -          105,814                      -                  -           105,814                   -
 (1) Includes cash salary, superannuation and payments on separation consistent with the statutory remuneration table in section 7.1, excluding accrued annual
      leave entitlements.




                                                                                                                                                                                  Financial report
 (2) In 2018, no LTVR was awarded and available for vesting in the current year.
 (3) The value of equity awards is calculated using NAB's closing share price on the vesting or forfeiture or lapsing date.
 (4) Amounts related to other vested equity or cash-based remuneration from prior years. This includes VR deferred rights, commencement awards, shares received under
      the General Employee Share Offer and dividends accumulated during the vesting period on VR vesting in the year. Details of the vested equity awards are provided in
      section 7.
 (5) Awards or remuneration lapsed or forfeited during 2023. Details of the awards are provided in section 7.
 (6) Nathan Goonan was appointed Group Chief Financial Officer effective 1 July 2023. The figures disclosed reflect both his remuneration received as the former Group
      Executive, Strategy & Innovation and in his current role.
 (7) AUD/NZD exchange rate of 1.08447, being year to date average exchange rate as of September 2023.
 (8) Daniel Huggins' remuneration includes VR paid during the year relating to the period before he was a KMP.
 (9) Sarah White received Annual VR in respect of her role prior to becoming a KMP. She was not awarded any Annual VR in relation to her Group Executive People and Culture
      role in 2023.

                                                                                                                                                                                Additional
 (10) Sarah White did not have any VR vest or paid during the period she was a KMP.




                                                                                                                                                                               information




                                                                                                                                               2023 Annual Report      133
Remuneration Report (cont.)




Section 5 - Executive remuneration in 2024
5.1 Our new executive remuneration framework
As foreshadowed in our 2022 Remuneration Report, the Board undertook a detailed review of the remuneration framework for
the Group CEO and Group Executives in 2023. The review was in preparation for the implementation of APRA's Prudential Standard
CPS 511 Remuneration (CPS 511). Based on the review, the Board approved changes to the framework, which took effect from
1 October 2023. The changes meet the requirements of CPS 511 and ensure that the remuneration framework:
•        maintains a strong focus on individual performance, conduct and management of financial and non-financial risks;
•        drives short and long-term performance, sustainable shareholder growth and a focus on customer outcomes; and
•        provides mechanisms to ensure remuneration outcomes will be commensurate with performance and risk outcomes.


    2023 Framework (CEO)                                                                              2024 Framework (CEO)
                                                                                                                                                                                           Other ELT members
                                                      ELT members                                                                                                                          For other ELT members, vested LTI
       Fixed                                                                                                                             Fixed
                                                      This framework applied to all ELT                                               remuneration                                         (LTEA and LTVR) is exercised and
    remuneration
                                                      members in 2023 (i.e., the Group                                                                                                     Shares are acquired at the end of
                     Annual VR assessment             CEO and all Group Executives)                                                                  Annual VR assessment                  2027 (50%) and 2028 (50%)


      Cash            Deferred      Deferred        Deferred       Deferred                                                              Cash         Deferred     Deferred               LTI performance measures tested.
       VR                VR            VR              VR             VR                                                                  VR             VR           VR                   Pre-vest individual performance,
     (50%)(1)         (12.5%)(2)    (12.5%)(2)      (12.5%)(2)     (12.5%)(2)                                                           (60%)(1)       (20%)(2)     (20%)(2)                  risk and conduct assessment is
                                                                                                                                                                                            undertaken for each participant
                                                                    LTVR test date with
                                                                    100% able to vest subject
          LTVR performance rights assessed against                  to pre-vest individual                                                           LTEA performance rights                        1/3 released per year
             relative TSR measure (100%) based on                   performance, risk and                                                          (50%; non-financial measure)                        for three years 2
          8 FS peers, over 4 year performance period                conduct assessment




                                                                                                          Long term incentive
                                                                                                                                                                                                  1/3 of vested LTI exercised and
                                                                                                                                                                                                      shares acquired at the end
                                                                                                                                        Pre-grant assessment                                          of year 4, 5 and 6 subject to
         2023            2024          2025           2026            2027                                                              against individual performance,                           continued service and pre-vest
                                                                                                                                        risk and conduct                                            individual performance, risk
                                                                                                                                                                                                        and conduct assessment



                                                                                                                                                     LTVR performance rights                        1/3 released per year
                                                                                                                                                     (50%; financial measure)                         for three years(2)



                                                                                                                                         2024           2025          2026              2027          2028              2029



    (1) Cash Annual VR is paid at the end of the financial year.
    (2) Deferred VR, LTEA performance rights and LTVR performance rights are released at the end of the year.


Key changes in the executive remuneration framework


     Long Term Incentive Award                            Reduction in remuneration                                             Overall longer VR deferral periods              New relative TSR peer group


     •    The new Long Term Incentive                     ↓ Maximum Annual VR opportunity                                       – 2 years in the length of the Annual           •   The TSR peer group has been
          (LTI) Award is comprised of two                   reduced from 150% of FR to 100%         (4)
                                                                                                                                   VR deferral period (from 50%                     expanded to include twelve peer
          equally weighted components
          of remuneration which together
                                                          ↑ Long term reward (LTEA + LTVR)                                         deferred vesting over four years
                                                                                                                                   to 40% deferred vesting over
                                                                                                                                                                                    companies (previously eight).
                                                                                                                                                                                    The expanded peer group provides
                                                                 increased from 130% of FR
          provide material weight to                             to 140%                                                           two years)                                       a greater range of possible outcomes
          financial and non-financial
          measures in compliance with                     ↓ Maximum total remuneration                                          + 2 years in the length of the                      and reduces the sensitivity impact
                                                                                                                                                                                    of a minor change in TSR(6). The TSR
                                                                 opportunity reduced from 380%                                     LTI deferral period for the Group
          APRA requirements. These two                                                                                             CEO (from four years to six years)(5)            peer group now includes:
          components are the LTEA                                of FR to 340%
          and LTVR(1):                                    ↓ Remuneration delivered in cash                                      + 1 year in the length of the                       •
                                                                                                                                                                                    •
                                                                                                                                                                                          AMP Limited
                                                                                                                                                                                          Australia and New Zealand
                                                                 reduced from 175% to 160%                                         LTI deferral period for Group
          •     LTEA: Performance rights                         of FR as a result of the reduced                                  Executives (from four years                            Banking Group
                subject to a non-financial                       maximum total remuneration                                        to five years)(5)                                •     Bank of Queensland Limited
                performance measure tested                       opportunity                                                                                                        •     Bendigo and Adelaide Bank Limited
                over a four year period.                                                                                                                                            •     Commonwealth Bank of Australia
                The measure tests whether                 ↑ Proportion of total remuneration                                    The longer LTI deferral period
                                                                                                                                aligns executives with the longer                   •     Macquarie Group Limited
                NAB meets or exceeds risk                        delivered in cash increases                                    term shareholder experience and                     •     Suncorp Group Limited
                expectations(2) and maintains an                 from 46% to 47% of maximum                                     encourages a focus on delivering                    •     Westpac Banking Corporation
                acceptable level of risk exposure                remuneration opportunity                                       sustainable long-term value.                        •     Medibank Private Limited – new
                within the agreed appetite levels                                                                                                                                   •     NIB Holdings Limited – new
                                                          VR is more heavily weighted towards                                   The Annual VR deferral period
                for risks specific to the Group.                                                                                                                                    •     QBE Insurance Group – new
                                                          long-term components, encouraging                                     has been shortened to balance
          •     LTVR: Performance rights subject                                                                                                                                    •     Insurance Australia Group – new
                                                          long-term decision making and safe,                                   the overall longer deferral period
                to a financial performance                sustainable, long-term growth.                                        applied to the LTI.
                measure tested over a four
                year period(3) being Total
                Shareholder Return (TSR).
                TSR aligns remuneration
                with long term shareholder
                outcomes and growth.

(1) The LTI Award (LTEA and LTVR components) is granted at the start of the financial year subject to an individual pre-grant performance, risk and conduct assessment.
(2) The performance measure for the LTEA component is assessed at the end of the four-year performance period.
(3) No change has been made to the performance period of the LTVR component which will continue to be tested at the end of the four-year performance period.
(4) The maximum Annual VR opportunity for the Group Chief Risk Officer is reduced from 112.5% of FR to 65%.
(5) LTI participants will receive a cash amount equal to the value of dividends paid during the deferral period (including imputation credits applied to the dividends) in respect of
    each performance right that vests and is exercised. The dividend equivalents will be paid by NAB on or around the exercise date.
(6) The new TSR peer group will apply to any LTVR component awarded after 1 October 2023 (FY24).



134       National Australia Bank
Remuneration Report (cont.)




Maximum remuneration opportunity – CEO
The chart below illustrates the reduction in the maximum total remuneration opportunity of the CEO under the 2024 executive

                                                                                                                                                                                    About
remuneration framework. The reduction is driven by the decrease in Annual VR opportunity offset by an increase to the long-term
VR opportunity reinforcing the importance of decision making, strategic execution and safe, sustainable growth over the long-
term.
                                                                                                                                                                                 this report
2023 Framework                                                                                                                                        Total 9,500,000
                               ѹ҂Ѽѷѷ҂ѷѷѷ                    Ѹ҂ѿѾѼ҂ѷѷѷ                 Ѹ҂ѿѾѼ҂ѷѷѷ                        Ѻ҂ѹѼѷ҂ѷѷѷ
          (Max)                                                                                                                                       .#яё۞ҩ,0$/4ѐя۞

2024 Framework                                                                                                                      Total 8,500,000
                               ѹ҂Ѽѷѷ҂ѷѷѷ                  Ѹ҂Ѽѷѷ҂ѷѷѷ       Ѹ҂ѷѷѷ҂ѷѷѷ       Ѹ҂ѾѼѷ҂ѷѷѷ            Ѹ҂ѾѼѷ҂ѷѷѷ
          (Max)                                                                                                                     .#яђ۞ҩ,0$/4ѐю۞


                                                                                                                                                                                 Our business
                FR (Cash)                   AVR (Cash)                   AVR (Equity)                  LTEA (Equity)                  LTVR (Equity)



                                                                                                                                                                                    in 2023
New risk management and conduct framework
The 2024 executive remuneration framework continues to focus executives on risk management through annual risk and
conduct assessments. These are undertaken as follows:

 VR plan         Timing of risk management and conduct assessment:




                                                                                                                                                                                    Creating value
 Annual          •   At the end of the year when Annual VR outcomes are determined.
 VR              •   At the end of each year during the deferral period before deferred rights are exercised and shares are allocated.
 LTI             Risk management and conduct assessments are undertaken at four stages:
                 1. Pre-grant risk and conduct assessment: At the start of the performance year, an individual assessment of each
                 participant is undertaken to determine the value of performance rights (LTEA and LTVR components) to be awarded to
                 the participant.
                 2. Throughout the performance period: Risk and conduct assessments are undertaken throughout the four year
                 performance period.
                 3. Prior to vesting of performance rights: At the end of the four year performance period, the LTEA and LTVR performance
                 measures are tested and an individual risk and conduct pre-vest assessment is undertaken for each participant. This
                 pre-vest assessment will determine the value of the LTI award (LTEA and LTVR components) that will vest for each individual.                                    Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                Governance
                 4. Before exercise of vested awards and acquisition of shares: At the end of each year during the deferral period before
                 vested performance rights are exercised and shares are allocated.
                                                                                                                                                                                 Statement
Further information about the risk and conduct assessment mechanisms and the approach to determining remuneration
adjustments is provided in section 6.3.

                                                                                                                                    Exercise of vested performance rights
 Pre-grant risk and conduct assessment               Performance period                 Pre-vest risk and conduct assessment


                                                                                                                                                                                    Risk
                                                                                                                                          and allocation of shares(1)

              End of 2023                                 2024 – 2027                               End of 2027                    End of 2027   End of 2028   End of 2029



   1. 	Pre-grant individual                 2. 	A ssessment of LTEA                   3. 	Pre-vest individual                    4. 	A ssessment of Individual               management
      performance, risk                         and LTVR performance                       performance, risk and                       performance, risk
      management and                            measures                                   conduct assessment                          and conduct prior to
      conduct assessment                                                                                                               allocation of shares


   Performance Criteria                      LTEA                                       Performance Criteria                        Performance Criteria                           Report of


                                                                                                                                                                                 the Directors
   • Individual performance                  Risk measure                               • Individual performance                    • Individual performance
   • Risk Management                         LTVR                                       • Risk Management                           • Risk Management
   • Conduct (How We Work)                   Total Shareholder Return                   • Conduct (How We Work)                     • Conduct (How We Work)
                                             Application                                Board discretion to adjust                  Board discretion to adjust
   Application
                                             Preliminary vesting outcome                outcome                                     outcome
   Number of awards granted




                                                                                                                                                                                    Financial report
   determined by the Board                   determined by the Board                    Application                                 Application
                                                                                        Vesting outcome determined                  Number of vested
   Outcome
                                                                                        by the Board                                performance rights that can
   Performance rights granted
                                                                                                                                    be exercised are modified by
   in February 2024                                                                     Outcome
                                                                                                                                    the Board where an event or
                                                                                        Performance rights vest
                                                                                                                                    matter justifies the adjustment
                                                                                                                                    Outcome
                                                                                                                                    Performance rights are
                                                                                                                                    exercised and shares
                                                                                                                                    are allocated                                 Additional

(1)	Shares are allocated to the Group CEO in three equal tranches at the end of 2027, 2028 and 2029 (i.e., 33% per year). Shares are allocated to the Group Executives          information
    in two equal tranches at the end of 2027 and 2028 (i.e., 50% per year).



                                                                                                                                                 2023 Annual Report       135
Remuneration Report (cont.)




5.2 Executive remuneration in 2024

 Feature                          Description

 Fixed Remuneration               As a result of the changes in the ELT in 2023 and 2024, the Board determined an increase in the FR for
                                  Sharon Cook, Shaun Dooley and Les Matheson to reflect the increase in accountabilities(1) and, Nathan
                                  Goonan and Daniel Huggins to reflect external pay relativity adjustments. The combination of the change
                                  in composition of the Executive Leadership Team and FR increases resulted in FR for the Executive
                                  Leadership Team decreasing by 15% for 2024. Total remuneration (at target) has decreased by 19% for
                                  2024. This reflects the Board's focus on disciplined cost management and maintaining responsible levels of
                                  executive remuneration.
                                  No increase was made to the FR of the Group CEO for 2024.
                                  The FR increase for the following three Group Executives is effective from 1 November 2023, reflecting the
                                  changes to their portfolios.
                                  •   Sharon Cook – Group Executive, Legal and Commercial Services: from $973,750 to $1,000,000
                                      ($26,250 increase)
                                  •   Shaun Dooley – Group Chief Risk Officer: from $1,230,000 to $1,300,000 ($70,000 increase)
                                  •   Les Matheson – Group Chief Operating Officer: from $1,076,250 to $1,150,000 ($73,750 increase)
                                  The FR increase for the following two Group Executives is effective from 3 January 2024, aligning to when FR
                                  increases apply for all other colleagues.
                                  •   Nathan Goonan – Group Chief Financial Officer: from $1,127,000 to $1,175,000 ($48,000 increase)
                                  •   Daniel Huggins – Managing Director and CEO of Bank of New Zealand: from $1,133,118 to $1,179,180
                                      ($46,062 increase)
 2024 LTI award                   The Board assessed the Group CEO and all Group Executives as having met the pre-grant individual
 (LTEA and                        performance, risk management and conduct assessments. Accordingly, the Board determined that each
 LTVR components)                 be awarded a 2024 LTI award, comprising the LTEA component and the LTVR component, each with a face
                                  value of 70% of FR (i.e., a total value of 140% of FR). The LTI award (LTEA and LTVR components) will be granted
                                  in February 2024.
                                  The actual value delivered to the Group CEO and each Group Executive is subject to the level of
                                  achievement against the relevant four-year performance measures and may be zero if the performance
                                  measures are not achieved.
                                  For the Group CEO, the 2024 LTI award comprising of the LTEA component (60,511 performance rights) and
                                  LTVR component (60,511 performance rights) is proposed to be granted in February 2024 (based on NAB's
                                  weighted average share price of $28.92 over the last five trading days of the 2023 financial year). The grant
                                  of this award is subject to shareholder approval at NAB's 2023 AGM.
                                  Further details about the 2024 LTI award (including the LTEA and LTVR components) is presented in
                                  section 5.1.
 Non-                             The Board undertakes a review of the quantum of Board fees annually in December. Based on the
 executive directors              review undertaken in 2022, the Board determined not to make any changes to Board fees in the 2023
                                  financial year.
                                  The Board will next review Board fees in December 2023. Any change to Board fees in 2024 will be reported
                                  in the 2024 Remuneration Report.
 (1) Les Matheson was appointed as the Group Executive Digital, Data and Chief Operating Officer following the retirement of Angela Mentis on 31 October 2023. The
     responsibilities of Angela Mentis' role were distributed to Les Matheson (Group Executive Digital, Data and Chief Operating Officer). A small portion of Les Matheson's
     Chief Operating Officer responsibilities were distributed between Shaun Dooley (Group Chief Risk Officer), Sharon Cook (Group Executive, Legal and Commercial
     Services) and Sarah White (Group Executive, People and Culture). The FR increases for Les Matheson, Shaun Dooley and Sharon Cook recognise the increase in
     their responsibilities.




136   National Australia Bank
Remuneration Report (cont.)




Section 6 - Governance, risk and consequence
6.1 Remuneration governance and oversight
                                                                                                                                                                                       About

                                                                                                                                                                                    this report
                                                                               Shareholders
                                                                 NAB Board
                    Reviews and approves remuneration related recommendations from the People & Remuneration Committee




                                                                                                                                                                                    Our business
       People & Remuneration Committee                                              Risk & Compliance Committee
       Assists the Board to discharge its responsibilities                          Audit Committee

                                                                                                                                                                                       in 2023
       relating to people and remuneration strategies,                              Customer Committee
       policies and practices of the Group.                                         Nomination & Governance Committee
       This remit focuses on long-term sustainable policy                           Provide expert, independent reports and information as required.
       settings that foster desired culture while reinforcing                       Present the “voice” of customers and incorporate
       compliance with NAB’s Code of Conduct and fulfilling                         the customer experience in performance and
       regulatory requirements across jurisdictions in which




                                                                                                                                                                                       Creating value
                                                                                    reward outcomes.
       the Group operates.
                                                                                    Provide input to setting measures and targets and assessing performance.
       Undertakes the risk and conduct assessments of the                           Refer any relevant matter which may impact performance and
       ELT in consultation with the Risk & Compliance                               remuneration outcomes.
       Committee.
                                                                                    Consulted by PRemCo on the risk and conduct assessments of the ELT.


       Executive Remuneration Committee                              External
       Makes recommendations to the People &                         May be engaged to independently review the Group’s remuneration framework,
       Remuneration Committee and the Board about                    policy and practices to assist the People & Remuneration Committee and Board                                   Corporate
       the impact of risk, conduct, performance and other            by providing relevant insights to inform decision making. Independent external                                Governance
       issues on variable remuneration outcomes for                  advisors do not make any decisions on behalf of the People & Remuneration
       current or former employees                                   Committee or the Board.                                                                                        Statement
       (excluding the Group CEO and Group Executives).
       Membership is comprised of the:
       • Group Executive People and Culture
       • Group Chief Risk Officer

                                                                                                                                                                                       Risk
       • Group Executive Legal and Commercial


                                                                                                                                                                                    management
6.2 Board discretion in relation to remuneration
The Board has absolute discretion to adjust the Rewards(1) of any employee down, or to zero, where appropriate, including in
circumstances where Group or individual performance outcomes have changed over time since the Reward was provided or for
an act or omission that has impacted performance outcomes. Adjustments include, but are not limited to:
•     determining the initial value of Rewards and varying their terms and conditions, including the performance measures.


                                                                                                                                                                                      Report of
•     determining that some, or all, of the unvested Rewards be forfeited or extending the deferral period at any time for any
      Rewards including due to the conduct standards in the Code not being met or following the occurrence of a Malus Event(2).


                                                                                                                                                                                    the Directors
•     clawing back paid and vested Rewards (to the extent legally permissible).

People & Remuneration Committee
On behalf of the Board, the Committee's responsibilities include:
•     monitoring the effectiveness of the Colleague strategy.




                                                                                                                                                                                       Financial report
•     developing and maintaining an effective Remuneration Policy and ensuring governance in its application.
•     making recommendations to the Board in relation to the performance and remuneration outcomes for the Group CEO, Group
      Executives and other persons determined by the Board and ensuring outcomes are responsible and consistent with the
      Group's strategy and risk appetite.
•     consideration of the findings of risk and conduct assessments for the Group CEO, Group Executives and other persons
      determined by the Board and determination of consequences.
•     oversight of the Group's people and remuneration strategies, frameworks, policies and practices to ensure compliance with
      legal and regulatory requirements, market practice and trends and the expectations of customers and shareholders.
Further detail about the Committee is provided in our Corporate Governance Statement (on page 79) and in the People &
Remuneration Committee Charter which is available on nab.com.au.                                                                                                                     Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                    information
    (1) In this section, the term 'Rewards' refers to all forms of variable reward including cash provided under a VR plan, deferred VR (cash and equity) to be paid or granted,
        LTEA and LTVR performance rights and any VR granted in previous years.
    (2) Examples include where the executive has failed to comply with their accountability obligations under the Banking Act 1959 (Cth); has engaged in fraud, dishonesty,
        gross misconduct, behaviour that may negatively impact the Group's long-term financial soundness or prudential standing or behaviour that brings NAB into disrepute;
        or has materially breached a representation, warranty, undertaking or obligation to the Group.


                                                                                                                                                    2023 Annual Report       137
Remuneration Report (cont.)




6.3 Conduct, risk and consequence management
The risk management and conduct framework was reviewed and updated in 2023 to reflect CPS 511 requirements. The review
resulted in:
•    Creation of Risk Framework Guiding Principles which guide annual risk and conduct assessments and the application
     of consequences.
•    A new People & Remuneration Committee and Board Risk and Conduct Assessment Guide which provides steps and factors to
     be considered when assessing the nature and type of risk or conduct matter and where required the adjustment criteria to
     be applied to VR.
The Committee regularly reviews Group and individual outcomes for risk, reputation, conduct and performance considerations.
This includes oversight of the Group's Employee Conduct Management Framework (Framework) which supports an appropriate
risk culture across the Group. The Board, Group CEO and Group Executives influence culture by focusing on leadership behaviour,
systems and colleagues, reinforced through performance and remuneration outcomes.

How conduct and risk are integrated in our remuneration framework


                        Conduct management                                         Risk assessment

    Scope               • Applies to all colleagues including the Group CEO        • Applies to all colleagues including the Group CEO
                          and Group Executives                                       and Group Executives
                        • Colleagues are required to comply with the Code and      • All colleagues (excluding the Group CEO) have a
                          Framework                                                  mandatory risk goal in their annual performance
                                                                                     scorecard. The Group CEO has a risk modifier applied
                                                                                     to his annual VR outcome
    Individual          • Throughout the year: Leaders assess the severity of any employee conduct and risk matters and determine
    assessment            the appropriate consequence depending on the severity of the matter
                           Consequences may include any combination of coaching, counselling, formal warnings, termination of
                           employment, impacts to in-year performance assessment, reduction to variable reward outcomes and
                           the application of malus or clawback
                        • Quarterly: Risk goals are discussed during quarterly performance check-ins. Conduct matters and risk issues
                          are discussed as appropriate
                        • At year end: Leaders undertake a holistic conduct history review and evaluate achievement of the risk goal.
                          These are translated into the colleague’s performance rating. Remuneration decisions are informed by the
                          performance rating

    Executive           • In assessing conduct and consequence, each               • Divisional Chief Risk Officers provide oversight,
    and Board             business and enabling unit maintains a Professional        challenge and independent input into the
    oversight             Standards Forum which makes recommendations to             performance review process
                          the Executive Remuneration Committee (members
                                                                                   • The Group Chief Risk Officer prepares a detailed
                          include the Group Executive People and Culture,
                                                                                     assessment of the risk outcomes for the Group CEO
                          Group Chief Risk Officer and the Group Executive
                                                                                     and each of the Group Executives
                          Legal and Commercial Services)
                                                                                   • The Risk & Compliance Committee reviews and
                        • The Executive Remuneration Committee oversees
                                                                                     challenges the Group Chief Risk Officer’s risk
                          the effectiveness of the Framework, reviews material
                                                                                     management performance assessments. These
                          events, accountability and the application of suitable
                                                                                     assessments and the Risk & Compliance Committee’s
                          consequences
                                                                                     views are considered by the Board in determining
                        • The People & Remuneration Committee and the                individual variable reward outcomes for the Group
                          Board oversee variable remuneration adjustments            CEO and Group Executives
                          for the Group CEO and Group Executives, as well as
                                                                                   • The variable reward for Group CEO, Group Executives
                          certain colleagues in designated roles as required by
                                                                                     and employees variable reward will be reduced and
                          CPS 511
                                                                                     other consequences may be applied if risk is not
                                                                                     appropriately managed

    Potential           • Risk adjustment: On recommendation from the People & Remuneration Committee, the Board may adjust the
    impacts on            “in-year” funding level of VR outcomes. The Board may also reduce VR for individuals to align with employee
    remuneration          conduct or risk outcomes
                        • Malus: Grant and vesting of all VR is subject to the employee meeting the conduct standards outlined in the Code
                          and risk expectations. The Board may determine that unvested awards should be adjusted or forfeited (including
                          to zero) in circumstances where these conduct standards or risk expectations are not met
                        • Clawback: Clawback may be applied to paid and vested VR provided to any colleague including the Group CEO
                          and Group Executives




138    National Australia Bank
Remuneration Report (cont.)




Risk, conduct and the consequence management framework
The Consequence Severity Matrix provides guidance to determine the severity of risk and conduct events. Based on the severity

                                                                                                                                                                              About
of the risk or conduct event, a fair and proportionate consequence outcome will be applied. Determination of the appropriate
consequence is guided by an assessment of the quantitative and qualitative impacts of the event including financial impacts,
physical, informational or reputational damage to the organisation and harm to colleagues or customers.
                                                                                                                                                                           this report
 Consequence Severity Matrix




                                                                                                                                                                           Our business
 Intent                  Behaviour
                                                                                                                                                   Serious
                                                                                                                                                 Misconduct

                                                                                                                                                                              in 2023
 Intentional             Dishonest




                                                    Context, motivation or intent
 Wilful, deliberate,     Covers up, blames
 deceitful, fraudulent   others, does not take
                         accountability
                                                                                                                             ÊƆŲƱƆȼňďƱǷ
 Error in Judgement      Repeated behaviour




                                                                                                                                                                              Creating value
 Negligent               * .)ҍ/' -)!-*(
                         mistakes or persists
                         with misconduct
                         despite warnings                                                                      Mild

 Unintentional           Growth Mindset
 Mistake, factors out    Speaks up, shares
 of their control,       ' -)$)"҂. &./*޲3/*
 took reasonable         prevent self or others                                        Minor

                                                                                                                                                                           Corporate
 preventative steps      making the same error

                                                                                                                                                                          Governance
                                                                                                    Actual or potential impact to customers,
                                                                                                       reputation or well-being of others

                                                                                                                                                                           Statement

                                                                                    Nature     Non-adherence to        Breach of policy,        Regulatory breach
                                                                                               standard practices      procedures,              or breaking the
                                                                                                                       guidelines or            law

                                                                                                                                                                              Risk
                                                                                                                       employment
                                                                                                                       contract


                                                                                                                                                                           management
                                                                                    Impact     No/Low impact           Moderate impact          $")$޲)/)
                                                                                                                                                material impact

                                                                                    Gain       Personal Loss           No personal gain         Self-serving
                                                                                                                                                +-*޲/ 


The Group CEO and Group Executives actively demonstrate strong risk management to set the "tone from the top" about                                                          Report of


                                                                                                                                                                           the Directors
expectations and behaviours. Risk issues that are identified are prioritised, clear accountability is defined, and an action plan
is created to resolve the issue. This has resulted in an improvement in conduct risk, driven by the increased use of analytical
monitoring tools and implementation of assurance capabilities. Enhancements in the use of risk monitoring tools has resulted in
improved identification of risk events and an increase in the number of risk cases investigated relative to 2022.




                                                                                                                                                                              Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                            Additional

                                                                                                                                                                           information




                                                                                                                                               2023 Annual Report   139
Remuneration Report (cont.)




Remuneration adjustments and consequence outcomes applied to employees (including the Group CEO and Group Executives)
during 2023 are provided in the table below.

                                                                                                                                                     2023            2022
 Employees recognised for their positive contribution to risk culture                                                                                6,353           6,036
 Employees identified as not having met risk expectations and accountabilities                                                                       2,535           2,737
 Code of Conduct breaches identified that resulted in formal consequences                                                                            6,186(1)        5,788
 Employees leaving due to consequence outcomes                                                                                                         156             166
 Employees receiving coaching, warnings or other remedial actions                                                                                    5,874           5,453
 Employees recommended to receive an in-year performance rating and / or variable reward reduction of 5%                                               151             168
 to 100%
 Deferred VR forfeitures and in-year VR adjustments as a result of Code of Conduct breaches and revisiting                                         $1.19m(2)      $0.60m(3)
 previous reward decisions
 (1) Conduct outcomes are applied as conduct matters arise throughout the year. During the end of year performance and remuneration review process, governance
     checks and controls are applied to determine final performance and reward outcomes. Total number of cases may vary due to attrition.
 (2) This is an indicative figure as the full performance and reward review cycle has not concluded. The final figure will be reflected in the 2024 Remuneration Report. For
     2023, deferred VR forfeitures includes equity and cash.
 (3) For 2022 this includes the value pertaining to in-year adjustments to VR as well as employees who left the organisation due to consequence outcomes (including on a
     voluntary basis).




140   National Australia Bank
Remuneration Report (cont.)




Section 7 - Group CEO and Group Executive statutory remuneration disclosures
7.1 Group CEO and Group Executive statutory remuneration

The following table has been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). The table shows details of the nature and
amount of each element of remuneration paid or awarded to the Group CEO and Group Executives for services provided during the year while they were KMP (including variable reward
amounts in respect of performance during the year which are paid following the end of the year).

                                                                                                Post-
                                                                                              employment
                                                         Short-term benefits                   benefits                         Equity-based benefits
                                                                                                               Other long-
                                                             Annual VR                                                term                                         Other                       (8)

                                        Cash salary(1)           cash(2)   Non-monetary(3) Superannuation(4)      benefits(5)     Shares(6)        Rights(7) remuneration            Total(9)
 Name                                              $                 $                 $                 $                $             $               $               $                  $
 Group CEO
 Ross McEwan                  2023        2,383,654          1,350,000               626            24,554          20,463              -       2,396,795               -        6,176,092
                              2022         2,450,563          1,387,500                 -            23,410          17,170             -        2,392,323              -         6,270,966
 Group Executives
 Sharon Cook                  2023          941,248            460,097                  -           25,123          10,315         6,691          913,654               -        2,357,128
                              2022           882,372           441,372               585             23,685           8,886        53,093          680,593              -         2,090,586
 Shaun Dooley                 2023        1,194,244            435,881                  -           24,944          41,735              -       1,022,839               -        2,719,643
                              2022         1,123,618           416,250               585             23,616          40,042             -        1,012,079              -         2,616,190
 Susan Ferrier(10)            2023          759,132            329,598             3,972            25,160           6,661       107,481          567,918         566,986        2,366,908
                              2022           833,168           418,142               585             23,685           6,209       109,365          783,776              -         2,174,930
 David Gall                   2023        1,176,909            691,875             2,257            29,903          18,880              -       1,303,310               -        3,223,134
                              2022         1,151,208           641,151              2,842            28,495          19,370             -          946,763              -         2,789,829
 Nathan Goonan       (11)
                              2023          860,389            532,508               415            25,160          17,423         2,164          932,098               -        2,370,157
                              2022           808,894           418,142               585             23,685          14,776        17,211          815,077              -         2,098,370
 Andrew Irvine(12)            2023        1,139,383            719,550            50,000            24,940           8,651       259,642        1,270,779               -        3,472,945
                              2022         1,146,875           669,027            117,079            23,581           6,800       496,345        1,221,057              -         3,680,764
 Gary Lennon(13)              2023        1,128,646            583,481             1,267            25,014          17,372         7,724          858,372         562,205        3,184,081
                              2022         1,062,018           562,169               585             23,616          17,823        61,286          748,848              -         2,476,345
 Les Matheson                 2023        1,022,367            532,744             9,488            25,050           7,570              -       1,030,559               -        2,627,778
                              2022         1,012,014           487,832               585             23,633           5,950             -          967,032              -         2,497,046
 Angela Mentis(14)            2023        1,224,399            608,850            16,562            24,940          18,607        21,065        1,060,696         613,315        3,588,434
                              2022         1,163,359           692,367             13,977            23,461          19,103       167,181          938,526              -         3,017,974




                                                                                                                                                                      2023 Annual Report   141
Remuneration Report (cont.)




                                                                                                                           Post-
                                                                                                                         employment
                                                                       Short-term benefits                                benefits                                           Equity-based benefits
                                                                                                                                                 Other long-
                                                                            Annual VR                                                                   term                                                           Other                                 (8)

                                                     Cash salary(1)             cash(2)        Non-monetary(3) Superannuation(4)                    benefits(5)                Shares(6)               Rights(7) remuneration                       Total(9)
 Name                                                              $                   $                         $                       $                     $                       $                      $                     $                    $
 Rachel Slade                          2023              1,162,972             664,200                        415                 24,940                14,748                    7,659             1,246,085                       -          3,121,019
                                        2022              1,160,503             585,399                       585                  23,581                12,832                  60,774              1,213,405                      -           3,057,079
 Patrick Wright                        2023              1,495,553             795,656                    84,477                  24,721                16,287                  39,497              1,567,781                       -          4,023,972
                                        2022              1,555,186             696,903                  134,929                   23,476                14,030                 313,399              1,082,488                      -           3,820,411
 Daniel Huggins                        2023                997,754             608,240                      1,461                100,259                       -                19,484                757,763                       -          2,484,961
                                        2022              1,050,508             580,127                          -                 94,514                      -                198,570                631,168                      -           2,554,887
 Sarah White(15)                       2023                110,342                     -                         -                       -               1,750                  17,819                 26,705                       -            156,616
 Total                                 2023            15,596,992            8,312,680                   170,940                 404,708               200,462                 489,226            14,955,354             1,742,506           41,872,868
 Total                                  2022            15,400,286            7,996,381                  272,922                  382,438              182,991                1,477,224            13,433,135                       -          39,145,377
 (1) Includes cash allowances, payroll remediation payments, motor vehicle benefits and short-term compensated absences, such as annual leave entitlements accrued. Any related fringe benefits tax is included.
 (2) The VR cash received in respect of 2023 is scheduled to be paid on 22 November 2023 in Australia and New Zealand.
 (3) Includes relocation costs considered to provide a benefit to the individual (including temporary accommodation, furniture rental, utility costs, dependant travel costs, insurance, stamp duty, associated fringe benefit tax and other benefits). For
      international assignees this may also include the provision of health fund benefits and tax advisory services.
 (4) Includes company contributions to superannuation and allocations by employees made by way of salary sacrifice of post-tax fixed remuneration. Superannuation contributions are not required to be paid to individuals based in New Zealand, but such
      payments may be made as part of cash salary.
 (5) Includes long service leave entitlements accrued based on an actuarial calculation.
 (6) 2023 expense based on the grant date fair value, amortised on a straight line basis over the vesting period for:
      (a) Recognition shares granted to Susan Ferrier in February 2021, restricted until December 2023. The shares are subject to malus and clawback provisions.
      (b) Commencement shares granted to Andrew Irvine in November 2020. 21% of the shares were restricted until December 2020, 21% until December 2021, 24% until December 2022, 31% until December 2023 and 3% in December 2024. The shares are
      subject to continued employment, malus and clawback provisions.
      (c) 2018 VR deferred shares granted in February 2019 to Sharon Cook, Gary Lennon, Angela Mentis, Rachel Slade and Patrick Wright. The shares are restricted for approximately four years, subject to performance and service conditions. 2019 VR
      deferred shares granted in February 2020 to Nathan Goonan and Sarah White for performance in their previous roles. The shares are restricted for approximately three years, subject to performance and service conditions. 2020 and 2021 VR deferred
      shares granted in February 2021 and February 2022 respectively to Sarah White for performance in her previous role, restricted until November 2023 (2020 VR) and November 2024 (2021 VR). 2021 VR deferred shares granted in February 2022 to Daniel
      Huggins for performance in his previous role, restricted until November 2022. 2023 VR deferred shares to be granted in February 2024 to Sarah White for performance in her previous role, restricted until November 2026.
      (d) 2022 Annual Equity Award granted in November 2022 to Sarah White for performance in her previous role, vesting across 3 years.
 (7) 2023 expense based on the grant date fair value, amortised on a straight line basis over the vesting period for:
      (a) 2023 VR deferred rights scheduled to be granted in February 2024. The VR deferred rights are restricted for up to four years, with 25% scheduled to vest in November 2024, 25% in November 2025, 25% in November 2026 and 25% in November 2027. The
      deferred rights are subject to continued employment, malus and clawback.
      (b) 2022 VR deferred rights granted in February 2023. The VR deferred rights are restricted for up to four years, with 25% scheduled to vest in November 2023, 25% in November 2024, 25% in November 2025 and 25% in November 2026. The deferred rights
      are subject to continued employment, malus and clawback.
      (c) 2021 VR deferred rights granted in February 2022, with 25% vested in November 2022, 25% scheduled to vest in November 2023, 25% in November 2024 and 25% in November 2025. The deferred rights are subject to continued employment, malus
      and clawback.
      (d) LTVR performance rights granted in February 2020, February 2021, February 2022 and February 2023 respectively.
      (e) LTVR and LTEA performance rights scheduled to be granted in February 2024 as a part of the new ELT Remuneration Framework for 2024.
      (f) The increase for 2023 is due to expensing of new performance rights allocated in respect of the 2023 financial year, in addition to continued expensing of existing performance rights not yet vested.
 (8) The percentage of 2023 total remuneration which was performance-based was: Ross McEwan 60%, Sharon Cook 56%, Shaun Dooley 55%, Susan Ferrier 60%, David Gall 57%, Nathan Goonan 60%, Andrew Irvine 65%, Gary Lennon 55%, Les Matheson 58%, Angela
      Mentis 60%, Rachel Slade 61%, Daniel Huggins 55%, Patrick Wright 55%.
 (9) In addition to the remuneration benefits below, NAB paid an insurance premium for a contract insuring the Group CEO and Group Executives as officers. It is not possible to allocate the benefit of this premium between individuals. In accordance with
      usual commercial practice, the insurance contract prohibits disclosure of details of the premium paid.
 (10) On her retirement on 31 October 2023, Susan Ferrier received a $566,986 payment in respect of statutory entitlements, support for transition to retirement and in recognition of her contribution to the Group. Ms Ferrier retained her 2021 deferred VR
      rights, 2021 recognition shares, 2022 deferred VR rights and her LTVR rights granted in 2021-2023. The value of the retained equity has been fully accounted for on retirement. That equity remains subject to the relevant performance measures and
      restriction periods.



142   National Australia Bank
Remuneration Report (cont.)




 (11) Nathan Goonan was appointed as the Group Chief Financial Officer effective 1 July 2023. The figures disclosed reflect both his remuneration received as the former Group Executive, Strategy & Innovation and in his current role.
 (12) Non-monetary benefit received as Andrew Irvine's 2023 relocation entitlement on 12 October 2022.
 (13) On his retirement on 1 October 2023, Gary Lennon received a $562,205 payment in respect of statutory entitlements and in recognition of his contribution to the Group. Mr Lennon retained his 2021 deferred VR rights, 2022 deferred VR rights and his
      LTVR rights granted in 2020-2023. The value of the retained equity has been fully accounted for on retirement. That equity remains subject to the relevant performance measures and restriction periods.
 (14) On her retirement on 31 October 2023, Angela Mentis received a $613,315 payment in respect of statutory entitlements and in recognition of her contribution to the Group. Ms Mentis retained her 2021 deferred VR rights, 2022 deferred VR rights and her
      LTVR rights granted in 2020-2023. The value of the retained equity has been fully accounted for on retirement. That equity remains subject to the relevant performance measures and restriction periods.
 (15) Sarah White did not participate in the Annual VR from 18 August 2023 to 30 September 2023 when she was appointed Group Executive People and Culture and did not receive an Annual VR award in respect of this period.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   2023 Annual Report       143
Remuneration Report (cont.)




7.2 Value of shares and rights

The following table shows the number and value of shares and rights that were granted by NAB and held by the Group CEO and
each Group Executive under NAB's employee equity plans during the year to 30 September 2023. Rights refers to VR deferred
rights, LTVR performance rights and any other deferred rights or performance rights provided under a current or previous VR
plan. A right is a right to receive one NAB share subject to the satisfaction of the relevant performance and service conditions.
The grant value shown is the full accounting value to be expensed over the vesting period, which is generally longer than the
current year. The Group CEO and Group Executives did not pay any amounts for rights that vested and were exercised during
2023. There are no amounts unpaid on any of the shares exercised.
There have been no changes to the terms and conditions of these awards, or any other awards since the awards were granted.
All rights that vest are automatically exercised when they vest. For the awards allocated during the year to 30 September 2023,
the maximum number of shares or rights that may vest is shown for the Group CEO and each Group Executive. The maximum value
of the equity awards is the number of shares or rights subject to NAB’s share price at the time of vesting. The minimum number of
shares or rights and the value of the equity awards is zero if the equity is fully forfeited or lapsed.

                                                               Total                                   2023
                                                                                       Forfeited / Forfeited /
                                                  Granted(1)     Grant date    Granted     lapsed      lapsed(2)   Vested(3)   Vested(4)
 Name                                                  No.                            $        No.            $        No            $
 Group CEO
 Ross McEwan           LTVR rights                 180,655        24-02-2021          -          -            -          -           -
                       Deferred VR rights           54,806       23-02-2022           -          -            -     13,702     417,774
                       LTVR rights                 118,010       23-02-2022           -          -            -          -           -
                       Deferred VR rights           47,664       23-02-2023    1,387,499         -            -          -           -
                       LTVR rights                 111,645       23-02-2023    1,300,664         -            -          -           -


 Group
 Executives
 Sharon Cook           Deferred VR shares            9,850        27-02-2019          -          -            -      9,850     300,327
                       LTVR Rights                  30,150       26-02-2020           -          -            -          -           -
                       LTVR Rights                  65,036        24-02-2021          -          -            -          -           -
                       Deferred VR rights           14,411       23-02-2022           -          -            -      3,603     109,855
                       LTVR Rights                  42,483       23-02-2022           -          -            -          -           -
                       Deferred VR rights           15,162       23-02-2023     441,366          -            -          -           -
                       LTVR rights                  43,485       23-02-2023     506,600          -            -          -           -
 Shaun Dooley          LTVR rights                  33,500       26-02-2020           -          -            -          -           -
                       LTVR rights                  72,262        24-02-2021          -          -            -          -           -
                       Deferred VR rights           15,412       23-02-2022           -          -            -      3,853     117,478
                       LTVR rights                  51,924       23-02-2022           -          -            -          -           -
                       Deferred VR rights           14,299       23-02-2023     416,244          -            -          -           -
                       LTVR rights                  54,929       23-02-2023     639,923          -            -          -           -
 Susan Ferrier         Recognition shares           11,570        24-02-2021          -          -            -          -           -
                       LTVR rights                  65,036        24-02-2021          -          -            -          -           -
                       Deferred VR rights           12,610       23-02-2022           -          -            -      3,153      96,135
                       LTVR rights                  42,483       23-02-2022           -          -            -          -           -
                       Deferred VR rights           14,364       23-02-2023     418,136          -            -          -           -
                       LTVR rights                  41,197       23-02-2023     479,945          -            -          -           -
 David Gall            LTVR rights                  52,261        26-2-2020           -          -            -          -           -
                       LTVR rights                  86,714         24-2-2021          -          -            -          -           -
                       Deferred VR rights           29,738        23-2-2022           -          -            -      7,435     226,693
                       LTVR rights                  56,644       23-02-2022           -          -            -          -           -
                       Deferred VR rights           22,025       23-02-2023     641,148          -            -          -           -
                       LTVR rights                  54,929       23-02-2023     639,923          -            -          -           -




144   National Australia Bank
Remuneration Report (cont.)




                                                         Total                                   2023
                                                                                 Forfeited / Forfeited /
                                            Granted(1)     Grant date    Granted     lapsed      lapsed(2)     Vested(3)    Vested(4)
 Name                                            No.                           $         No.            $          No             $          About

                                                                                                                                          this report
 Nathan Goonan    General employee shares         39        11-12-2019          -          -            -           39          979
                  Deferred VR shares           2,604       26-02-2020           -          -            -        2,604       79,396
                  LTVR rights                 65,036        24-02-2021          -          -            -            -            -
                  Deferred VR rights          14,411       23-02-2022           -          -            -        3,603      109,855
                  LTVR rights                 42,483       23-02-2022           -          -            -            -            -


                                                                                                                                          Our business
                  Deferred VR rights          14,364       23-02-2023     418,136          -            -            -            -
                  LTVR rights                 41,197       23-02-2023     479,945          -            -            -            -


                                                                                                                                             in 2023
 Andrew Irvine    Commencement shares         63,367         6-11-2020          -          -            -       25,773      774,736
                  LTVR rights                 86,714        24-02-2021          -          -            -            -            -
                  Deferred VR rights          28,594       23-02-2022           -          -            -        7,149      217,973
                  LTVR rights                 56,644       23-02-2022           -          -            -            -            -
                  Deferred VR rights          22,982       23-02-2023     669,006          -            -            -            -




                                                                                                                                             Creating value
                  LTVR rights                 54,929       23-02-2023     639,923          -            -            -            -
 Gary Lennon      Deferred VR shares          11,370        27-02-2019          -          -            -       11,370      346,671
                  LTVR Rights                 47,906       26-02-2020           -          -            -            -            -
                  LTVR Rights                 79,488        24-02-2021          -          -            -            -            -
                  Deferred VR rights          20,969       23-02-2022           -          -            -        5,243      159,859
                  LTVR Rights                 51,924       23-02-2022           -          -            -            -            -
                  Deferred VR rights          19,311       23-02-2023     562,143          -            -            -            -

                                                                                                                                          Corporate
                  LTVR rights                 50,352       23-02-2023     586,601          -            -            -            -
 Les Matheson     LTVR rights                 75,875        24-02-2021          -          -            -            -            -
                  Deferred VR rights          14,422       23-02-2022           -          -            -        3,606      109,947      Governance
                  LTVR rights                 49,564       23-02-2022           -          -            -            -            -       Statement
                  Deferred VR rights          16,758       23-02-2023     487,825          -            -            -            -
                  LTVR rights                 48,063       23-02-2023     559,934          -            -            -            -
 Angela Mentis    Deferred VR shares          31,009        27-02-2019          -          -            -       31,009      945,464


                                                                                                                                             Risk
                  LTVR Rights                 52,261       26-02-2020           -          -            -            -            -
                  LTVR Rights                 86,714        24-02-2021          -          -            -            -            -
                  Deferred VR rights          32,437       23-02-2022           -          -            -        8,110      247,274
                  LTVR rights                 56,644       23-02-2022           -          -            -            -            -
                                                                                                                                          management
                  Deferred VR rights          19,152       23-02-2023     557,515          -            -            -            -
                  LTVR rights                 54,929       23-02-2023     639,923          -            -            -            -
 Rachel Slade     Deferred VR shares          11,275        27-02-2019          -          -            -       11,275      343,775


                                                                                                                                            Report of
                  LTVR rights                 39,195       26-02-2020           -          -            -            -            -
                  LTVR rights                 86,714        24-02-2021          -          -            -            -            -



                                                                                                                                          the Directors
                  Deferred VR rights          28,594       23-02-2022           -          -            -        7,149      217,973
                  LTVR rights                 56,644       23-02-2022           -          -            -            -            -
                  Deferred VR rights          20,109       23-02-2023     585,373          -            -            -            -
                  LTVR rights                 54,929       23-02-2023     639,923          -            -            -            -
 Patrick Wright   Deferred VR shares          58,143        27-02-2019          -          -            -       58,143     1,772,780




                                                                                                                                             Financial report
                  LTVR Rights                 65,326       26-02-2020           -          -            -            -            -
                  LTVR Rights                108,393        24-02-2021          -          -            -            -            -
                  Deferred VR rights          35,743       23-02-2022           -          -            -        8,936      272,459
                  LTVR rights                 70,806       23-02-2022           -          -            -            -            -
                  Deferred VR rights          23,940       23-02-2023     696,893          -            -            -            -
                  LTVR rights                 68,661       23-02-2023     799,901          -            -            -            -




                                                                                                                                           Additional

                                                                                                                                          information




                                                                                                             2023 Annual Report    145
Remuneration Report (cont.)




                                                                                 Total                                                   2023
                                                                                                               Forfeited / Forfeited /
                                                                   Granted(1)       Grant date         Granted     lapsed      lapsed(2)               Vested(3)      Vested(4)
 Name                                                                     No.                                   $             No.                $           No              $
 Daniel Huggins           LTVR rights                                 54,019        23-02-2022                   -               -               -             -              -
                          Deferred VR shares                            6,005       23-02-2022                   -               -               -        6,005       183,092
                          Deferred VR rights                          18,997        23-02-2023           553,003                 -               -             -              -
                          LTVR rights                                 48,340        23-02-2023           563,161                 -               -             -              -
 Sarah White              General employee shares                          39         11-12-2019                 -               -               -            39           979
                          Deferred VR shares                            1,853       26-02-2020                   -               -               -        1,853        56,498
                          General employee shares                          43         9-12-2020                  -               -               -             -              -
                          Deferred VR shares                            1,442        24-02-2021                  -               -               -             -              -
                          Deferred VR shares                            3,956       23-02-2022                   -               -               -             -              -
                          Deferred VR shares                            1,950         10-11-2022          60,450                 -               -             -              -
                          Deferred VR shares                            3,948       23-02-2023           117,492                 -               -             -              -
 (1) The following securities have been granted during 2023:
     a) LTVR performance rights allocated in February 2023 (in respect of 2022) to the Group CEO and all Group Executives at the time of allocation. The performance rights
     are restricted until December 2026 and subject to service and performance measures.
     b) Deferred VR rights allocated in February 2023 (in respect of 2022) to the Group CEO and all Group Executives at the time of allocation. The rights vest annually in four
     equal tranches between November 2023 and November 2026.
     c) Deferred VR shares allocated in November 2022 and February 2023 (in respect of 2022) to Sarah White for her role prior to becoming a KMP.
 (2) Calculated using NAB's closing share price on the forfeiture / lapsing date.
 (3) The following securities have vested during 2023:
     a) Deferred VR rights allocated in February 2022 partially vested in November 2022 for all ELT.
     b) Deferred VR shares allocated in February 2019 vested in December 2022 for Sharon Cook, Gary Lennon, Angela Mentis, Rachael Slade and Patrick Wright.
     c) Deferred VR shares allocated in February 2020 vested in December 2022 for Nathan Goonan and Sarah White.
     d) Commencement shares allocated in November 2020 vested in December 2022 for Andrew Irvine.
     e) General employee shares granted to Sarah White and Nathan Goonan in December 2019, fully vested in December 2022.
     f) Deferred VR shares allocation in February 2022 vested in November 2022 for Daniel Huggins.
 (4) Calculated using NAB's closing share price on the vesting date.


7.3 Determining the value of equity remuneration

The number of shares and rights provided to the Group CEO and Group Executives by NAB are determined using a face value
methodology. The table below shows the fair value of shares and rights granted by NAB during 2023 in accordance with statutory
requirements. The grant date fair value of each share is determined by the market value of NAB shares and is generally a five day
weighted average share price. The grant date fair value of shares and rights with market performance measures is determined
using a simulated version of the Black-Scholes model.
No performance options have been granted during the year. Shares and rights granted during 2023 were granted at no cost to
the Group CEO or Group Executive and have a zero exercise price.



                                                                                                              Grant
                                                                                                              share            Fair
                                                          Award type                   Grant date             price(1)       value               Restriction period end(2)
 Type of allocation                                                                                                  $               $
                                                                                                                                                      15 November 2023 -
 Deferred VR(3)                                Performance rights               23 February 2023               29.76          29.11                     15 November 2026
 Deferred VR(4)                                Shares                           23 February 2023                              30.60                     15 November 2025
 Long-Term Variable Reward(5)                  Performance rights               23 February 2023               29.76          11.65                     22 December 2026
 (1) The Grant share price is NAB's closing share price at the date of valuation (being the grant date of the relevant award). The Grant share price was used to determine the
     fair value for the LTVR performance rights.
 (2) Any performance rights that vest are automatically exercised at the end of the restriction period. The end of the restriction period for the performance rights is also
     the expiry date for those performance rights.
 (3) The number of deferred rights allocated to each eligible participant was calculated using the weighted average share price over the five trading days up to
     30 September 2022, inclusive. The deferred rights are split across four equal tranches vesting on 15 November in 2023, 2024, 2025 and 2026.
 (4) Deferred shares provided to Sarah White relating to the period prior to becoming a KMP.
 (5) The number of LTVR performance rights allocated to each eligible participant was calculated using the weighted average share price over the five trading days up to
     30 September 2022, inclusive.




146   National Australia Bank
Remuneration Report (cont.)




Hedging policy


                                                                                                                                             About
Directors and employees are prohibited from protecting the value of their equity awards by hedging. Further details are available
in the Group Securities Trading Policy.

                                                                                                                                          this report
NAB’s Group Securities Trading Policy explains the law and the Policy our colleagues must comply with when trading in NAB
securities. All employees are prohibited from using derivatives in relation to elements of their remuneration that are unvested. In
addition, closely related parties of KMP are prohibited from using derivatives or otherwise entering into hedging arrangements in
relation to elements of their remuneration that are unvested or which have vested but remain subject to forfeiture conditions.
The Group Securities Trading Policy is available at nab.com.au/content/dam/nabrwd/documents/policy/corporate/group-
securities-trading-policy.pdf.

                                                                                                                                          Our business

                                                                                                                                             in 2023




                                                                                                                                             Creating value




                                                                                                                                          Corporate
                                                                                                                                         Governance
                                                                                                                                          Statement




                                                                                                                                             Risk


                                                                                                                                          management




                                                                                                                                            Report of


                                                                                                                                          the Directors




                                                                                                                                             Financial report




                                                                                                                                           Additional

                                                                                                                                          information




                                                                                                              2023 Annual Report   147
Remuneration Report (cont.)




7.4 Rights holdings

Rights were granted to the Group CEO and Group Executives in 2023 under the Annual VR and LTVR plans. No rights or performance
options (i.e. entitlements to NAB shares) are granted to the Group CEO or Group Executives' related parties.
No performance options (i.e. a right requiring payment of a subscription price on vesting) are currently held by the Group CEO or
Group Executives. The number of rights that vested during the year was equivalent to the number of rights that were exercised
during the year. As at 30 September 2023, no rights held by the Group CEO or Group Executives were: (i) vested and exercisable;
nor (ii) vested but not exercisable.

                                                                                   Granted
                                                          Balance at            during year                                       Forfeited /
                                                         beginning of                    as             Exercised          lapsed or expired              Balance at
                                                                 year(1)      remuneration             during year               during year             end of year
 Name                                                                No.                   No.                   No.                         No.                     No.
 Group CEO
 Ross McEwan                                                    353,471               159,309                (13,702)                           -             499,078
 Group Executives
 Sharon Cook                                                    152,080                 58,647                (3,603)                           -             207,124
 Shaun Dooley                                                   173,098                 69,228                (3,853)                           -             238,473
 Susan Ferrier                                                  120,129                 55,561                (3,153)                           -             172,537
 David Gall                                                     225,357                 76,954                (7,435)                           -             294,876
 Nathan Goonan                                                  121,930                 55,561                (3,603)                           -             173,888
 Andrew Irvine                                                  171,952                 77,911                (7,149)                           -             242,714
 Gary Lennon                                                    200,287                 69,663                (5,243)                           -             264,707
 Les Matheson                                                   139,861                 64,821                (3,606)                           -             201,076
 Angela Mentis                                                  228,056                 74,081                (8,110)                           -             294,027
 Rachel Slade                                                   211,147                 75,038                (7,149)                           -             279,036
 Patrick Wright                                                 280,268                 92,601                (8,936)                           -             363,933
 Daniel Huggins                                                  54,019                 67,337                      -                           -             121,356
 Sarah White                                                            -                     -                     -                           -                      -
 (1) Balance may include rights granted prior to individuals becoming KMP. For individuals who became KMP during 2023, the balance is at the date they became KMP.




148   National Australia Bank
Remuneration Report (cont.)




7.5 Group CEO and Group Executives' share ownership


                                                                                                                                                                                 About
The number of NAB shares held (directly and nominally) by the Group CEO and each Group Executive or their related parties (their
close family members or any entity they, or their close family members, control, jointly control or significantly influence) are set
out below:
                                                                                                                                                                              this report
                                                                              Granted
                                                           Balance at      during year             Received during                   Other
                                                            beginning               as             year on exercise               changes          Balance at end
                                                              of year(1) remuneration                      of rights            during year               of year(2)
 Name                                                               No.                  No.                        No.                   No.                       No.

                                                                                                                                                                              Our business
 Group CEO
 Ross McEwan                                                     53,897                     -                    13,702                      -                    67,599

                                                                                                                                                                                 in 2023
 Group
 Executives
 Sharon Cook                                                     33,424                     -                     3,603               (25,177)                    11,850
 Shaun Dooley                                                    71,104                     -                     3,853                      -                    74,957
 Susan Ferrier                                                   11,570                     -                     3,153                 (3,153)                   11,570




                                                                                                                                                                                 Creating value
 David Gall                                                     119,848                     -                     7,435                 (7,335)               119,948
 Nathan Goonan                                                    3,590                     -                     3,603                      -                     7,193
 Andrew Irvine                                                   86,371                     -                     7,149               (55,926)                    37,594
 Gary Lennon                                                    136,913                     -                     5,243               (11,370)                130,786
 Les Matheson                                                          -                    -                     3,606                      -                     3,606
 Angela Mentis                                                  196,304                     -                     8,110                      -                204,414
 Rachel Slade                                                    48,435                     -                     7,149                      -                    55,584

                                                                                                                                                                              Corporate
 Patrick Wright                                                 125,141                     -                     8,936               (57,077)                    77,000
 Daniel Huggins                                                   6,005                     -                          -                (6,005)                        -
 Sarah White                                                     11,992                     -                          -                     -                    11,992     Governance
 (1) Balance may include shares held prior to individuals becoming KMP. For individuals who became KMP during 2023, the balance is at the date they became KMP.               Statement
 (2) NAB maintains a minimum shareholding policy. Holdings included in meeting the minimum shareholding requirement are NAB shares, unvested deferred shares and
     deferred rights not subject to further performance conditions held by the executive and shares held by a closely related party or self-managed superannuation
     fund for the benefit of the executive. Refer to section 7.6 for further details. The Group CEO and Executives have all met or are on track to meet the minimum
     shareholding requirement.




                                                                                                                                                                                 Risk
7.6 Group CEO and Group Executive contract terms



                                                                                                                                                                              management
The Group CEO and Group Executives are employed on the following contractual terms:

 Contractual term                  Arrangement
 Duration                          •   Permanent ongoing employment
 Notice period    (1)
                                   •   26 weeks(2)



                                                                                                                                                                                Report of
 Other key                         •   If the Group CEO or Group Executive resigns they do not receive any annual or long-term variable reward in
 arrangements                          that year and any unvested awards are forfeited.
 on separation                     •   If the Group CEO or Group Executive ceases employment for any reason other than resignation (for


                                                                                                                                                                              the Directors
                                       example, retrenchment or retirement), they will retain all of their unvested awards unless the Board
                                       exercises its discretion to determine a different treatment.(3)
                                   •   All statutory entitlements are paid.
 Change of Control                 •   If a change of control occurs, the Board has discretion to determine the treatment of unvested shares
                                       and rights. Vesting of shares and rights will not be automatic or accelerated and the Board will retain
                                       discretion in relation to the vesting outcome including absolute discretion to forfeit all shares and rights.




                                                                                                                                                                                 Financial report
 Post-employment                   •   Non-compete and non-solicitation obligations apply.
 obligations
 Minimum                           •   The Group CEO is required to hold NAB shares to the value of two times FR and Group Executives are
 shareholding policy                   required to hold NAB shares equal to their individual FR.
                                   •   The Group CEO and Group Executives are required to satisfy the minimum shareholding requirement within
                                       a five-year period from the date of commencement in their role.
                                   •   Holdings included in meeting the minimum shareholding requirement are NAB shares, unvested deferred
                                       shares and deferred rights not subject to further performance conditions held by the executive
                                       and shares held by a closely related party or self-managed superannuation fund for the benefit of
                                       the executive.


                                                                                                                                                                               Additional
 (1) Payment in lieu of notice for some or all of the notice period may be approved by the Board in certain circumstances. Termination payments are not paid on
     resignation, summary termination or termination for unsatisfactory performance, although the Board may determine exceptions to this.
 (2) Subject to the terms of the Group policy on resignation.


                                                                                                                                                                              information
 (3) Any unvested awards retained will be held by the Group CEO or Group Executive on the same terms. Unvested LTI awards retained (including the LTEA and LTVR
     components) will remain subject to the performance measure, with that measure tested in accordance with the normal timetable.




                                                                                                                                             2023 Annual Report        149
Remuneration Report (cont.)




Section 8 - Non-executive director remuneration
8.1 Fee policy and pool

Non-executive directors receive fees to recognise their contribution to the work of the Board. Additional fees are paid, where
applicable, for serving on Board Committees, on Boards of controlled entities and internal advisory boards. Fees include NAB’s
compulsory contributions to superannuation. Fees are set to reflect the time commitment and responsibilities of the role.
To maintain independence and objectivity, non-executive directors do not receive any performance related remuneration.
Non-executive directors do not receive any termination payments.
The total amount of non-executive directors' remuneration is capped at a maximum aggregate fee pool that is approved by
shareholders. The current aggregate fee pool of $4.5 million per annum was approved by shareholders at NAB's 2008 AGM.
The total Board and Committee fees, including superannuation, paid to non-executive directors in 2023 is within the approved
aggregate fee pool.
The following table shows the 2023 non-executive director Board and Committee fee policy structure.

                                                                                                                 Non-executive
                                                                                        Chair ($pa)              director ($pa)
 Board                                                                                      825,000                        240,000
 Audit Committee                                                                             65,000                         32,500
 Risk & Compliance Committee                                                                 65,000                         32,500
 People & Remuneration Committee                                                             55,000                         27,500
 Customer Committee                                                                          40,000                         20,000
 Nomination & Governance Committee                                                                -                         10,000




8.2 Minimum shareholding policy
To align with shareholder interests, the Board has adopted a policy that within five years of appointment, non-executive
directors must hold ordinary shares equal in value of the annual Chair fee for the Chair and base fee for all other non-
executive directors.
The value of a non-executive director's shareholding is based on the total amount spent to purchase the shares (using the share
price at the time the shares were acquired). Accordingly, the share price at the time of purchase will impact the number of
shares a non-executive director must own to meet the minimum shareholding requirement.
All non-executive directors who have been on the Board for the full year have met their minimum shareholding requirements in
full. Directors appointed during 2023 (Christine Fellowes, Carolyn Kay and Alison Kitchen) will be required to meet the minimum
shareholding requirements by 2028.




150   National Australia Bank
Remuneration Report (cont.)




8.3 Statutory remuneration


                                                                                                                                                                                 About
The fees paid to the non-executive directors are set out in the table below.



                                                                                                                                                                              this report
                                                                                                                              Post-
                                                                                                                            employment
                                                                                 Short-term benefits                         benefits
                                                                             Cash salary
                                                                               and fees(1)        Non-monetary(2)         Superannuation(3)                       Total
 Name                                                                                     $                        $                         $                         $
 Non-executive directors
 Philip Chronican (Chair)                                   2023                  799,181                       415                   25,819                   825,415        Our business
                                                            2022                   801,001                         -                   23,999                   825,000

                                                                                                                                                                                 in 2023
 David Armstrong                                            2023                  337,500                          -                         -                 337,500
                                                            2022                   313,501                         -                   23,999                   337,500
 Kathryn Fagg(4)                                            2023                  276,319                          -                  25,819                   302,138
                                                            2022                   281,001                         -                   23,999                   305,000




                                                                                                                                                                                 Creating value
 Peeyush Gupta(5)                                           2023                  277,043                          -                  25,819                   302,862
 (6)
                                                            2022                   329,543                         -                   23,999                   353,542
 Anne Loveridge                                             2023                  318,677                       415                     6,323                  325,415
                                                            2022                   325,000                         -                         -                  325,000
 Douglas McKay(7)                                           2023                  557,145                       415                   25,819                   583,379
                                                            2022                   545,444                         -                   23,999                   569,443
 Simon McKeon                                               2023                  289,181                          -                  25,819                   315,000
                                                            2022                   308,677                         -                    6,323                   315,000
 Ann Sherry                                                 2023                  281,681                       415                   25,819                   307,915        Corporate
                                                            2022                   283,501                         -                   23,999                   307,500      Governance
                                                                                                                                                                              Statement
 Alison Kitchen (for part year)(8)                          2023                     2,923                         -                      321                     3,244
 Carolyn Kay (for part year)(9)                             2023                   41,890                          -                    3,998                   45,888
 Christine Fellowes (for part year)(10)                     2023                   82,007                          -                    8,500                   90,507
 Total                                                      2023                3,263,547                     1,660                  174,056                 3,439,263
                                                            2022                 3,187,668                         -                  150,317                 3,337,985

                                                                                                                                                                                 Risk
 (1) The portion of fees in connection with their roles, duties and responsibilities as a non-executive director, and includes attendance at meetings of the Board, Board
      committees and boards of controlled entities, received as cash.



                                                                                                                                                                              management
 (2) Relates to incidental tourism costs incurred beyond work related travel that is considered to provide a benefit to the individual.
 (3) Reflects compulsory company contributions to superannuation. David Armstrong and Anne Loveridge elected to receive all or part of their payments in fees and
      therefore received reduced or nil superannuation contributions during this period.
 (4) Katherine Fagg's fees reflect her membership on the Board Audit Committee until 6 March 2023 and her membership on the People & Remuneration Committee
      commencing on the same date until the end of the financial year.
 (5) Peeyush Gupta's fees reflect his membership on the People & Remuneration Committee until 6 March 2023 and his membership on the Board Audit Committee
      commencing on the same date until the end of the financial year.



                                                                                                                                                                                Report of
 (6) Peeyush Gupta received fees of $58,000 in 2022 in his capacity as a non-executive director of BNZ Life which were paid in NZD.
 (7) Douglas McKay received fees of $315,000 in his capacity as Chair of Bank of New Zealand, which were paid in NZD.
 (8) Alison Kitchen’s fee reflects a pro rata for the period from her appointment on 27 September to 30 September 2023, during which she prepared for the October Board
      and Committee meetings.


                                                                                                                                                                              the Directors
 (9) Carolyn Kay's fees reflect her remuneration since her appointment on 31 July 2023.
 (10) Christine Fellowes' fees reflect her remuneration since her appointment on 5 June 2023.




                                                                                                                                                                                 Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                               Additional

                                                                                                                                                                              information




                                                                                                                                                 2023 Annual Report    151
Remuneration Report (cont.)




8.4 Non-executive directors' share ownership and other interests

The number of NAB shares held (directly and nominally) by each non-executive director of NAB and the Group or their related
parties (their close family members or any entity they, or their close family members, control, jointly control or significantly
influence) are set out below. No rights or performance options are granted to non-executive directors or their related parties.

                                                                                           Balance at                              Other
                                                                                            beginning                           changes      Balance at
                                                                                              of year(1)           Acquired   during year   end of year(2)
 Name                                                                                                No.                No.          No.            No.
 Non-executive directors
 Philip Chronican (Chair)                                                                        42,120                   -             -         42,120
 David Armstrong                                                                                 20,740               1,186             -         21,926
 Kathryn Fagg                                                                                      9,426                  -             -          9,426
 Peeyush Gupta                                                                                     9,571                  -             -          9,571
 Anne Loveridge                                                                                  12,120                   -             -         12,120
 Douglas McKay                                                                                   11,972                   -             -         11,972
 Simon McKeon                                                                                    15,000                   -             -         15,000
 Ann Sherry                                                                                      12,698                   -             -         12,698
 Alison Kitchen(3)                                                                                     -                  -             -              -
 Carolyn Kay(4)                                                                                        -              5,567             -          5,567
 Christine Fellowes(5)                                                                                 -              3,438             -          3,438
 (1) Balance may include shares held prior to individuals becoming a non-executive director.
 (2) All non-executive directors met or are on track to meet the minimum shareholding requirements for the year.
 (3) Alison Kitchen's appointment was effective 27 September 2023.
 (4) Carolyn Kay's appointment was effective 31 July 2023.
 (5) Christine Fellowes' appointment was effective 5 June 2023.




152   National Australia Bank
Remuneration Report (cont.)




Section 9 - Loans, other transactions and other interests
9.1 Loans
                                                                                                                                                                                      About
Loans made to non-executive directors of NAB are made in the ordinary course of business on terms equivalent to those that
prevail in arm's length transactions. Loans to the Group CEO and Group Executives may be made on similar terms and conditions                                                      this report
generally available to other employees of the Group. Loans to KMP of NAB and the Group may be subject to restrictions under
applicable laws and regulations including the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). The opening balance is 1 October and closing balance
is 30 September, or the date of commencement or cessation of a KMP.

Total aggregated loans provided to KMP and their related parties

                                                                                 Balance at                                Interest                               Balance at       Our business

                                                                                                                                                                                      in 2023
                                                             Terms and            beginning             Interest                not                                   end of
                                                             conditions             of year(1)          charged(2)         charged(2)        Write-off      (2)
                                                                                                                                                                        year(3)
 NAB and the Group                                                                           $                   $                   $                  $                   $
 KMP(4)                                                            Normal          11,938,677             550,119                    -                  -          14,634,986
                                                               Employee            22,120,918             765,091                    -                  -          25,642,304
 Other related parties                                             Normal




                                                                                                                                                                                      Creating value
                            (5)
                                                                                   17,103,246             661,749                    -                  -          18,879,701
 (1) For KMPs who commenced during the year, the balance is as at the date they became a KMP.
 (2) Relates to the period during which the Group Executive was KMP.
 (3) For KMPs who ceased during the year, the balance is as at the date they ceased to be a KMP.
 (4) The aggregated loan balance at the end of the year includes loans issued to 19 KMP.
 (5) Includes the KMP's related parties, which includes their close family members or any entity they or their close family members control, jointly control or
     significantly influence.


Aggregated loans to KMP and their related parties above $100,000


                                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                KMP
                                                                                                                                                             highest
                                                                                                                                                                                  Governance
                                                             Balance at                                 Interest                            Balance at indebtedness
                                                              beginning             Interest                 not                                end of        during
                                                                                                                                                                                   Statement
                                                                of year(1)          charged(2)          charged           Write-off               year(3)       2023(4)
 NAB and the Group                                                        $                  $                   $                   $                  $                   $
 Non-executive directors
 David Armstrong                                                  959,296              53,779                    -                   -           988,994                    -
 Kathryn Fagg                                                   2,843,867              73,134                    -                   -         2,755,514            2,838,472

                                                                                                                                                                                      Risk
 Doug McKay                                                     1,067,314              66,076                    -                   -         2,226,851                5,475
 Carolyn Kay                                                      833,250              13,043                    -                   -           719,290              715,318

                                                                                                                                                                                   management
 Group CEO
 Ross McEwan                                                    1,306,449              11,584                    -                   -         1,089,706            1,125,000
 Group Executives
 Sharon Cook                                                    3,438,081             112,044                    -                   -         3,354,097              984,930
 Shaun Dooley                                                     594,739              26,448                                                  1,047,745              602,914

                                                                                                                                                                                     Report of
 Susan Ferrier                                                    456,103                9,534                   -                   -           369,576              145,892
 David Gall                                                     4,169,411             121,135                    -                   -         4,338,972              783,481

                                                                                                                                                                                   the Directors
 Nathan Goonan                                                  4,381,817             119,667                    -                   -         4,273,509            4,379,398
 Daniel Huggins                                                 1,989,223             329,318                    -                   -         4,835,215            8,325,773
 Andrew Irvine                                                 11,533,558             309,588                    -                   -       14,374,813            14,674,799
 Gary Lennon                                                    3,006,775             118,113                    -                   -         2,792,057            2,274,816




                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial report
 Les Matheson                                                   5,051,657             174,356                    -                   -         3,655,493            1,262,142
 Angela Mentis                                                    699,377              43,892                    -                   -           639,676               42,455
 Rachel Slade                                                   2,250,667             313,109                    -                   -         5,240,616            9,434,948
 Patrick Wright                                                 3,131,905              61,156                    -                   -         3,006,150               45,680
 Sarah White                                                    3,448,737              20,982                    -                   -         3,448,696            3,465,805
 (1) For KMPs who commenced during the year, the balance is as at the date they became a KMP.
 (2) The interest charged may include the impact of interest offset facilities and only relates to the period during which the non-executive director, Group CEO or Group
     Executive was KMP.
 (3) For KMPs who ceased during the year, the balance is as at the date they ceased to be a KMP.


                                                                                                                                                                                    Additional
 (4) Represents aggregate highest indebtedness of the KMP during 2023. All other items in this table relate to the KMP and their related parties.




                                                                                                                                                                                   information




                                                                                                                                                   2023 Annual Report       153
Remuneration Report (cont.)




9.2 Other transactions

From time to time various KMP and their related parties will hold investments in funds that are either managed, related to or
controlled by the Group. All such transactions with KMP and their related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that
prevail in arm's length transactions.
All other transactions that have occurred with KMP are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's length
transactions. These transactions generally involve the provision of financial and investment services including services to
eligible international assignees ensuring they are neither financially advantaged nor disadvantaged by their relocation. All such
transactions that have occurred with KMP and their related parties have been trivial or domestic in nature. In this context,
transactions are trivial in nature when they are considered of little or no interest to the users of the Remuneration Report in
making and evaluating decisions about the allocation of scarce resources. Transactions are domestic in nature when they relate
to personal household activities.

9.3 Other equity instrument holdings

In the year ending 30 September 2023, no KMP or their related parties held or transacted any equity instruments (either directly or
indirectly) other than the NAB shares and equity-based compensation disclosed in sections 7 and 8 .

9.4 Other relevant interests

Each KMP or their related parties from time to time invest in various debentures, registered schemes and securities offered by
NAB and certain subsidiaries of NAB. The level of interests held directly and indirectly as at 30 September 2023 were:

                                                                                                                            Relevant
 Name                                            Nature of product                                                    Interest (Units)
 Non-executive directors
 Ann Sherry                                      NAB Capital Notes 3                                                             1,500
 Group Executives
 Sharon Cook(1)                                  NAB Capital Notes 3                                                             2,000
                                                 NAB Subordinated Notes 2                                                            -
 David Gall                                      NAB Capital Notes 5                                                              700
 (1) Sharon Cook redeemed 820 units of NAB Subordinated Notes 2 during the year on maturity.


There are no contracts, other than those disclosed in table 9.4 immediately above, to which directors are a party, or under
which the directors are entitled to a benefit and that confer the right to call for, or deliver shares in, debentures of, or interests
in, a registered scheme made available by NAB or a related body corporate. All of the directors have disclosed interests in
organisations not related to the Group and are to be regarded as interested in any contract or proposed contract that may be
made between NAB and any such organisations.




154   National Australia Bank
Directors' signatures
This report of directors is signed in accordance with a resolution of the directors:



                                                                                                                      About

                                                                                                                   this report
 Philip Chronican
 Chair
 9 November 2023



                                                                                                                   Our business

                                                                                                                      in 2023


 Ross McEwan CBE




                                                                                                                      Creating value
 Group Chief Executive Officer
 9 November 2023




                                                                                                                   Corporate
                                                                                                                  Governance
                                                                                                                   Statement




                                                                                                                      Risk


                                                                                                                   management




                                                                                                                     Report of


                                                                                                                   the Directors




                                                                                                                      Financial report




                                                                                                                    Additional

                                                                                                                   information




                                                                                       2023 Annual Report   155
                                                   Ernst & Young                       Tel: +61 33 9288
                                                                                                   92888000
                                                                                                        8000
                                                   8 Exhibition
                                                     Exhibition Street
                                                                Street                 Fax: +61
                                                                                       Fax:  +61 3 8650
                                                                                                    86507777
                                                                                                        7777
                                                   Melbourne VIC 3000
                                                                    3000 Australia
                                                                          Australia    ey.com/au
                                                   GPOBox
                                                   GPO   Box6767Melbourne
                                                                 Melbourne VIC
                                                                           VIC 3001
                                                                                3001




   Auditor’s Independence Declaration to the Directors of National
   Australia Bank Limited

   As lead auditor for the audit of the financial report of National Australia Bank Limited for the financial
   year ended 30 September 2023, I declare to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

        a) no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
           relation to the audit;
        b) no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit; and
        c) no non-audit services provided that contravene any applicable code of professional conduct in
           relation to the audit.

   This declaration is in respect of National Australia Bank Limited and the entities it controlled during the
   financial year.




   Ernst & Young




   T M Dring
   Partner
   9 November 2023




   A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
   A member
   Liability    firm by
             limited of aErnst & Young
                          scheme       Global
                                  approved    Limited
                                           under Professional Standards Legislation
156Liability limited
      National       by aBank
                Australia  scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                               Corporate
   About      Our business                                    Risk        Report of                         Additional
                             Creating value   Governance                                Financial report
this report      in 2023                                   management   the Directors                      information
                                               Statement
                      Financial
                      report
This page has been intentionally left blank.
Financial report
Income statements                                      160

Statements of comprehensive income                     161

Balance sheets                                         162                                                                              About

                                                                                                                                     this report
Statements of cash flows                               163

Statements of changes in equity                        165

Directors' declaration                                 255

Report on the audit of the financial report            256


                                                                                                                                     Our business

                                                                                                                                        in 2023
Introduction                                          167      Other assets and liabilities                                  221
financial
the
Notes
to                                                       167
statements




Note 1 Basis of preparation                            167     Note 22 Goodwill and other intangible assets                   221

                                                               Note 23 Other assets                                          223




                                                                                                                                        Creating value
Financial performance                                 169      Note 24 Provisions                                            224

                                                               Note 25 Other liabilities                                     225
Note 2 Segment information                             170
                                                               Note 26 Leases                                                226
Note 3 Net interest income                             172

Note 4 Other income                                    173

Note 5 Operating expenses                              174     Capital management                                        228
Note 6 Income tax                                      176     Note 27 Contributed equity                                    228     Corporate

Note 7 Earnings per share                              178     Note 28 Non-controlling interests                             229    Governance
                                                               Note 29 Reserves                                              230     Statement

Financial instruments                                 179      Note 30 Dividends                                              231


Assets

                                                                                                                                        Risk
                                                               Unrecognised items                                        233
Note 8 Cash and balances with other banks             182
                                                               Note 31 Commitments and contingent liabilities                233

                                                                                                                                     management
Note 9 Trading assets                                 182

Note 10 Debt instruments                              183

Note 11 Other financial assets                        183      Other disclosures                                         237
Note 12 Loans and advances                            184      Note 32 Interest in subsidiaries and other entities           237


                                                                                                                                       Report of
                                                               Note 33 Related party disclosures                              241
Liabilities
                                                               Note 34 Remuneration of external auditor                      243
Note 13 Deposits and other borrowings                 184

Note 14 Bonds, notes and subordinated debt            185
                                                               Note 35 Equity-based plans                                    244     the Directors
                                                               Note 36 Capital adequacy                                      250
Note 15 Debt issues                                    187
                                                               Note 37 Notes to the statement of cash flows                   251
Note 16 Other financial liabilities                   188




                                                                                                                                       Financial report
                                                               Note 38 Acquisition of subsidiaries                           254
Risk management
                                                               Note 39 Events subsequent to reporting date                   254
Note 17 Provision for credit impairment on loans at   189
        amortised cost

Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting               195

Note 19 Financial risk management                     203

Note 20 Fair value of financial instruments            216

                                                                                                                                      Additional
Note 21 Financial asset transfers                     220


                                                                                                                                     information




                                                                                                        2023 Annual Report    159
Financial report

Income statements

                                                                             Group                 Company
 For the year ended 30 September                                Note     2023         2022       2023        2022
                                                                           $m          $m          $m          $m
 Interest income
  Effective interest rate method                                       46,358        21,465    42,478     19,167
  Fair value through profit or loss                                      1,714         913       1,404         805
 Interest expense                                                      (31,265)      (7,538)   (30,894)      (8,799)
 Net interest income                                             3     16,807        14,840    12,988     11,173
 Other income                                                    4       3,841        3,730    10,301        4,478
 Operating expenses                                              5      (9,382)      (8,702)    (8,423)      (7,765)
 Credit impairment charge                                        17      (816)        (124)      (654)         (48)
 Profit before income tax                                              10,450         9,744    14,212        7,838
 Income tax expense                                              6      (2,980)      (2,684)    (2,200)      (1,893)
 Net profit for the year from continuing operations                      7,470        7,060    12,012        5,945
 Net loss after tax for the year from discontinued operations              (51)       (169)          -            -
 Net profit for the year                                                 7,419        6,891    12,012        5,945
  Attributable to non-controlling interests                                  5            -          -            -
  Attributable to owners of the Company                                  7,414        6,891    12,012        5,945


 Earnings per share                                                     cents        cents
 Basic                                                           7       236.4        214.1
 Diluted                                                         7       228.7        205.6
 Basic from continuing operations                                7       238.0        219.3
 Diluted from continuing operations                              7       230.2        210.5




160   National Australia Bank
Financial report

Statements of comprehensive income

                                                                                                                             Group                  Company
 For the year ended 30 September                                                                       Note             2023         2022         2023         2022

                                                                                                                                                                                About
                                                                                                                          $m           $m          $m           $m
 Net profit for the year from continuing operations                                                                    7,470         7,060      12,012         5,945
 Other comprehensive income
                                                                                                                                                                             this report
 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
 Fair value changes on financial liabilities designated at fair value
 attributable to the Group's own credit risk                                                                              (67)         149         (70)             88
 Revaluation of land and buildings                                                                                         (4)           1            -               -


                                                                                                                                                                             Our business
 Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
 income reserve:
   Revaluation gains / (losses)                                                                                            17           11          16               (4)

                                                                                                                                                                                in 2023
 Tax on items transferred directly to equity                                                                               20          (43)         22              (26)
 Total items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss                                                              (34)         118         (32)             58
 Items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
 Cash flow hedge reserve                                                                                                   66        (2,510)       303        (2,813)




                                                                                                                                                                                Creating value
 Cost of hedging reserve                                                                                                (160)          488         (44)         283
 Foreign currency translation reserve:
   Currency adjustments on translation of foreign operations, net
   of hedging                                                                                                             709         (776)        117              (22)
   Transfer to the income statement on disposal or partial disposal of
   foreign operations(1)                                                                                                  (29)         (29)        (29)               -
 Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
 income reserve:
   Revaluation losses                                                                                                     (14)        (125)        (14)        (125)
   Transferred to the income statement                                                                                    (32)        (199)        (32)        (199)         Corporate
                                                                                                                           38                      (63)
                                                                                                                                                                            Governance
 Tax on items transferred directly to equity                                                                                           705                      852
 Total items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss                                                     578        (2,446)       238        (2,024)
 Other comprehensive income for the year, net of income tax                                                               544        (2,328)       206        (1,966)        Statement
 Total comprehensive income for the year from continuing operations                                                    8,014         4,732      12,218         3,979
 Net loss after tax for the year from discontinued operations                                                             (51)        (169)           -               -
 Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                               7,963         4,563      12,218         3,979


                                                                                                                                                                                Risk
 Attributable to non-controlling interests(2)                                                                              13             -           -               -
 Total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company                                                      7,950         4,563      12,218         3,979


                                                                                                                                                                             management
 (1) Partial disposals of foreign operations include returns of capital made by foreign branches.
 (2) The Group includes $8 million (2022: $nil) relating to foreign currency translation of the non-controlling interests in BNZ.




                                                                                                                                                                               Report of


                                                                                                                                                                             the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                               Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                              Additional

                                                                                                                                                                             information




                                                                                                                                               2023 Annual Report     161
Financial report

Balance sheets

                                                                       Group                    Company
 As at 30 September                                     Note       2023            2022       2023          2022
                                                                     $m             $m          $m           $m
 Assets
 Cash and liquid assets                                  8       24,699          56,451      23,959        56,121
 Due from other banks                                    8      117,306         141,861     106,955       133,144
 Collateral placed                                               11,286          13,115      10,214        10,636
 Trading assets                                          9      101,168          40,573      90,417        34,043
 Debt instruments                                        10      46,357          42,080      46,336        42,094
 Other financial assets                                  11       1,430           2,061       1,708         2,749
 Derivative assets                                       18      34,269          61,016      33,784        60,651
 Loans and advances                                      12     702,702         680,434     607,684       592,679
 Current tax assets                                                  20              16         19            15
 Due from controlled entities                                          -               -     43,577        38,226
 Deferred tax assets                                     6        3,499           3,385       3,059         2,975
 Property, plant and equipment                                    3,016           3,009       1,935         2,091
 Investments in controlled entities                                    -               -     10,025         4,670
 Goodwill and other intangible assets                    22       4,952           4,652       2,392         2,172
 Other assets                                            23       8,379           6,473       7,717         5,562
 Total assets                                                  1,059,083       1,055,126    989,781       987,828
 Liabilities
 Due to other banks                                      8       39,516          74,679      33,965        69,295
 Collateral received                                             10,672          17,245       9,281        15,365
 Other financial liabilities                             16      66,352          23,286      51,745         8,960
 Derivative liabilities                                  18      35,633          57,486      36,110        57,494
 Deposits and other borrowings                           13     682,120         683,526     608,641       616,961
 Current tax liabilities                                          1,012           1,011        978           716
 Provisions                                              24       1,852           2,096       1,651         1,897
 Due to controlled entities                                            -               -     44,059        41,639
 Bonds, notes and subordinated debt                      14     135,645         119,283     124,329       109,674
 Debt issues                                             15       8,561           7,318       8,561         7,318
 Other liabilities                                       25      16,217          10,164      13,938         8,381
 Total liabilities                                              997,580         996,094     933,258       937,700
 Net assets                                                      61,503          59,032      56,523        50,128
 Equity
 Contributed equity                                      27      38,546          39,399      37,760        38,613
 Reserves                                                29       (1,192)         (1,839)    (1,565)       (1,874)
 Retained profits                                                23,800          21,472      20,328        13,389
 Total equity (attributable to owners of the Company)            61,154          59,032      56,523        50,128
 Non-controlling interests                               28         349                -          -             -
 Total equity                                                    61,503          59,032      56,523        50,128




162   National Australia Bank
Financial report

Statements of cash flows

                                                                                        Group                   Company
 For the year ended 30 September                                           Note     2023          2022        2023         2022

                                                                                                                                            About
                                                                                      $m           $m          $m           $m
 Cash flows from operating activities
 Interest received                                                                47,338        21,518      43,275       19,164
                                                                                                                                         this report
 Interest paid                                                                    (28,548)       (6,544)   (28,555)       (7,906)
 Dividends received                                                                     2           28       2,053         2,052
 Net trading income received                                                        4,993        5,370       4,083         4,995
 Other income received                                                              2,572        2,527       1,704         1,955

                                                                                                                                         Our business
 Operating expenses paid                                                           (7,614)       (6,207)    (6,598)       (5,591)
 Income tax paid                                                                   (2,973)       (1,641)    (2,034)        (956)

                                                                                                                                            in 2023
 Cash flows from operating activities before changes in operating assets
 and liabilities                                                                  15,770        15,051      13,928       13,713
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities
 Net (increase) / decrease in
  Collateral placed                                                                 2,075        (6,720)       528        (4,713)




                                                                                                                                            Creating value
  Deposits with central banks and other regulatory authorities                    10,490        (19,703)    10,490       (19,703)
  Trading assets                                                                  (58,148)       6,273     (53,920)        6,661
  Other financial assets designated at fair value                                    682           624       1,036          491
  Loans and advances                                                              (15,854)      (53,384)   (13,534)      (50,274)
  Other assets                                                                      (237)        3,173        (432)        2,641
 Net increase / (decrease) in
  Collateral received                                                              (6,893)      12,624      (6,297)      11,245

                                                                                                                                         Corporate
  Deposits and other borrowings                                                    (9,157)      75,530     (12,366)      73,298
  Other financial liabilities designated at fair value                            44,592          (352)     43,099         2,910
  Other liabilities                                                                  296         (2,667)       814        (2,169)       Governance
 Net funds advanced to and receipts from other banks                              (10,468)       5,121     (10,857)        4,452         Statement
 Net movement in derivative assets and liabilities                                   153         (7,349)     2,300        (9,971)
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities arising from cash
 flow movements                                                                   (42,469)      13,170     (39,139)      14,868
 Net cash provided by / (used in) operating activities                      37    (26,699)      28,221     (25,211)      28,581

                                                                                                                                            Risk
 Cash flows from investing activities
 Movement in debt instruments


                                                                                                                                         management
  Purchases                                                                       (34,455)      (33,697)   (34,435)      (33,697)
  Proceeds from disposal and maturity                                             31,296        29,084      31,280       29,071
 Net movement in other debt and equity instruments                                    59             (2)       (32)             (80)
 Net movement in amounts due from controlled entities                                   -             -     (3,320)        3,162
 Net movement in shares in controlled entities                                          -             -          5         (159)

                                                                                                                                           Report of
 Net movement in shares in associates and joint ventures                                -            (4)          -               -
 Purchase of controlled entities and business combinations, net of


                                                                                                                                         the Directors
 cash acquired                                                                          -        (3,183)          -       (3,138)
 Proceeds from sale of controlled entities and business closures, net of
 costs and cash disposed                                                              82           176          82                -
 Purchase of property, plant, equipment and software                               (1,192)       (1,076)      (900)        (784)
 Proceeds from sale of property, plant, equipment and software, net
 of costs                                                                               -            (1)          -              (1)




                                                                                                                                           Financial report
 Net cash provided by / (used in) investing activities                             (4,210)       (8,703)    (7,320)       (5,626)




                                                                                                                                          Additional

                                                                                                                                         information




                                                                                                           2023 Annual Report     163
Financial report

Statements of cash flows

                                                                                             Group                 Company
 For the year ended 30 September                                                         2023         2022       2023       2022
                                                                                           $m          $m          $m         $m
 Cash flows from financing activities
 Repayments of bonds‚ notes and subordinated debt                                      (31,143)   (27,640)     (26,937)   (24,319)
 Proceeds from issue of bonds‚ notes and subordinated debt‚ net of costs(1)            42,827        41,932    38,948     35,188
 Payments for share buy-back                                                             (904)       (3,917)     (904)     (3,917)
 Purchase of shares for dividend reinvestment plan neutralisation                        (693)        (500)      (693)       (500)
 Purchase of treasury shares for employee share offer                                      (23)           -        (23)         -
 Proceeds from debt issues, net of costs                                                 1,243        1,983      1,243     1,983
 Proceeds from issue of BNZ perpetual preference shares                                   336             -          -          -
 Repayments of debt issues                                                                   -       (1,504)         -     (1,504)
 Dividends and distributions paid (excluding dividend reinvestment plan)                (4,339)      (4,006)    (4,334)    (4,006)
 Repayments of other financing activities                                                (328)        (339)      (284)       (299)
 Net cash provided by / (used in) financing activities                                   6,976        6,009      7,016     2,626
 Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                (23,933)      25,527    (25,515)   25,581
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                      62,179        37,881    55,183     30,462
 Effects of exchange rate changes on balance of cash held in foreign currencies          2,343       (1,229)     2,113       (860)
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                         37   40,589        62,179    31,781     55,183
 (1) Includes RBNZ's FLP.




164   National Australia Bank
Financial report

Statements of changes in equity

                                                                                                                                    Non-
                                                                  Contributed                           Retained               controlling        Total
                                                                       equity(1)       Reserves(2)        profits     Total     interests        equity
 Group                                                                        $m               $m             $m        $m             $m           $m
                                                                                                                                                                  About
 Year to 30 September 2022
 Balance at 1 October 2021                                                43,247              550          18,982    62,779              -       62,779        this report
 Net profit for the year from continuing operations                             -                -          7,060     7,060              -         7,060
 Net loss for the year from discontinued operations                             -                -           (169)     (169)             -         (169)
 Other comprehensive income for the year from
 continuing operations                                                          -          (2,429)           101     (2,328)             -        (2,328)


                                                                                                                                                               Our business
 Total comprehensive income for the year                                        -          (2,429)          6,992     4,563              -         4,563
 Transactions with owners, recorded directly
 in equity
  Contributions by and distributions to owners
                                                                                                                                                                  in 2023
    Issue of ordinary shares                                                 500                 -              -      500               -          500
    On-market purchase of shares for dividend
    reinvestment plan neutralisation                                        (500)                -              -      (500)             -         (500)
    Share buy-back                                                        (3,917)                -              -    (3,917)             -        (3,917)




                                                                                                                                                                  Creating value
    Transfer from / (to) retained profits                                       -               (4)             4         -              -              -
    Transfer from / (to) equity-based
    compensation reserve                                                       69              (69)             -         -              -              -
    Equity-based compensation                                                   -             113               -      113               -          113
    Dividends paid(3)                                                           -                -         (4,506)   (4,506)             -        (4,506)
 Balance as at 30 September 2022                                          39,399           (1,839)         21,472    59,032              -       59,032
 Year to 30 September 2023
                                                                                -                -         7,465      7,465             5         7,470
                                                                                                                                                               Corporate
 Net profit for the year from continuing operations
 Net loss for the year from discontinued operations                             -                -           (51)      (51)              -          (51)
 Other comprehensive income for the year from                                                                                                                 Governance
 continuing operations                                                          -             583            (47)      536              8           544
 Total comprehensive income for the year                                        -             583          7,367      7,950            13         7,963
                                                                                                                                                               Statement
 Transactions with owners, recorded directly
 in equity
  Contributions by and distributions to owners


                                                                                                                                                                  Risk
    Issue of ordinary shares                                                 693                 -              -      693               -          693
    On-market purchase of shares for dividend
    reinvestment plan neutralisation                                        (693)                -              -     (693)              -         (693)

                                                                                                                                                               management
    Share buy-back                                                          (904)                -              -     (904)              -         (904)
    Purchase of treasury shares for employee
    share offer(4)                                                           (23)                -              -      (23)              -          (23)
    Transfer from / (to) retained profits                                       -                7            (7)         -              -              -
    Transfer from / (to) equity-based
    compensation reserve                                                      74              (74)              -         -              -              -

                                                                                                                                                                 Report of
    Equity-based compensation                                                   -             131               -      131               -          131
    Dividends paid(3)                                                           -                -        (5,027)    (5,027)           (5)       (5,032)

                                                                                                                                                               the Directors
  Other equity movements
    Issue of BNZ perpetual preference shares(5)                                 -                -            (5)        (5)          341           336
 Balance as at 30 September 2023                                         38,546            (1,192)        23,800     61,154           349        61,503
 (1) Refer to Note 27 Contributed equity for further details.




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial report
 (2) Refer to Note 29 Reserves for further details.
 (3) Refer to Note 30 Dividends for further details.
 (4) This represents an on-market purchase of 748,032 shares at an average price of $30.70 per share.
 (5) Refer to Note 28 Non-controlling interests for further details.




                                                                                                                                                                Additional

                                                                                                                                                               information




                                                                                                                                   2023 Annual Report   165
Financial report

Statements of changes in equity

                                                                                              Contributed                       Retained      Total
                                                                                                   equity(1)      Reserves(2)     profits    equity
 Company                                                                                                   $m           $m            $m        $m
 Year to 30 September 2022
 Balance at 1 October 2021                                                                              42,461           99        11,899    54,459
 Net profit for the year from continuing operations                                                          -            -         5,945     5,945
 Other comprehensive income for the year from continuing operations                                          -       (2,023)          57     (1,966)
 Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                     -       (2,023)        6,002     3,979
 Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity
  Contributions by and distributions to owners
      Issue of ordinary shares                                                                            500             -             -       500
      On-market purchase of shares for dividend reinvestment
      plan neutralisation                                                                                 (500)           -             -      (500)
      Share buy-back                                                                                    (3,917)           -             -    (3,917)
      Transfer from / (to) retained profits                                                                  -            6            (6)        -
      Transfer from / (to) equity-based compensation reserve                                               69           (69)            -         -
      Equity-based compensation                                                                              -          113             -       113
      Dividends paid(3)                                                                                      -            -        (4,506)   (4,506)
 Balance as at 30 September 2022                                                                        38,613       (1,874)       13,389    50,128
 Year to 30 September 2023
 Net profit for the year from continuing operations                                                          -            -       12,012     12,012
 Other comprehensive income for the year from continuing operations                                          -         254           (48)      206
 Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                     -         254        11,964     12,218
 Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity
  Contributions by and distributions to owners
      Issue of ordinary shares                                                                            693             -             -      693
      On-market purchase of shares for dividend reinvestment
      plan neutralisation                                                                                (693)            -             -     (693)
      Purchase of treasury shares for employee share offer(4)                                             (23)            -             -      (23)
      Share buy-back                                                                                     (904)            -             -     (904)
      Transfer from / (to) retained profits                                                                  -           (2)           2          -
      Transfer from / (to) equity-based compensation reserve                                               74           (74)            -         -
      Equity-based compensation                                                                              -         131              -      131
      Dividends paid(3)                                                                                      -            -       (5,027)    (5,027)
 Balance as at 30 September 2023                                                                        37,760       (1,565)      20,328     56,523
 (1) Refer to Note 27 Contributed equity for further details.
 (2) Refer to Note 29 Reserves for further details.
 (3) Refer to Note 30 Dividends for further details.
 (4) This represents an on-market purchase of 748,032 shares at an average price of $30.70 per share.




166   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Introduction

Note 1
Basis of preparation
This is the financial report of National Australia Bank Limited (the Company) together with its controlled entities (Group) for the               About

                                                                                                                                               this report
year ended 30 September 2023. The Company, incorporated and domiciled in Australia, is a for-profit company limited by shares
which are publicly traded on the Australian Securities Exchange.
The directors resolved to authorise the issue of the financial report on 9 November 2023. The directors have the power to amend
and reissue the financial report.
The financial report includes information to the extent the Group considers it material and relevant to the understanding of
users. Disclosed information is considered material and relevant if, for example:
•   The dollar amount is significant in size or by nature.                                                                                     Our business
•   The Group’s results cannot be understood by users without the specific disclosure.
•   The information is important to help users understand the impact of significant changes in the Group’s business during the                    in 2023
    financial year, for example, a business acquisition, disposal, or an impairment / write-down.
•   The information relates to an aspect of the Group’s operations which is important to its future performance.
•   The information is required under legislative requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), the Banking Act 1959 (Cth) or




                                                                                                                                                  Creating value
    by the Group’s principal regulators, including the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) and the Australian
    Prudential Regulation Authority (APRA).

Basis of preparation
This general purpose financial report has been prepared by a for-profit company, in accordance with the requirements of
the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and accounting standards and interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards
Board (AASB). Compliance with standards and interpretations issued by the AASB ensures that this financial report complies with
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).
Amounts are presented in Australian dollars (unless otherwise stated), which is the Company’s functional and presentation
currency. These amounts have been rounded to the nearest million dollars ($m), except where indicated, as allowed by ASIC                      Corporate
Corporations Instrument 2016/191.
Unless otherwise stated, comparative information has been restated for any changes to presentation made in the current year.
                                                                                                                                              Governance
Discontinued operations are excluded from the results of continuing operations and are presented as a single amount in the                     Statement
Group's income statement and statement of comprehensive income.
To comply with its obligations as an Australian Financial Services Licence holder, the Group includes the separate financial
statements of the Company in this financial report, which is permitted by ASIC Corporations (Parent Entity Financial Statements)
Instrument 2021/195.

Basis of measurement                                                                                                                              Risk


                                                                                                                                               management
The financial report has been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for:
•   Certain assets and liabilities (including derivative instruments) measured at fair value through profit or loss, or at fair value
    through other comprehensive income.
•   Financial assets and liabilities that are otherwise measured on an amortised cost basis but adjusted for changes in fair value
    attributable to the risk being hedged in qualifying fair value hedge relationships.


                                                                                                                                                 Report of
Accounting policies
During the year ended 30 September 2023, the Group revised its accounting treatment of ongoing trail commission payable to


                                                                                                                                               the Directors
mortgage brokers. The Group has recognised a liability within 'Other liabilities' equal to the present value of expected future trail
commission payments and a corresponding increase in capitalised brokerage costs within 'Loans and advances'. Comparative
information has not been restated.
Except as explained above, the accounting policies and methods of computation applied in this report are consistent with those
applied in the Group's 2022 Annual Report. There were no substantial amendments to Australian Accounting Standards adopted




                                                                                                                                                 Financial report
during the year that have a material impact on the Group.

Critical accounting judgements and estimates
In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management have made a number of judgements and assumptions
and applied estimates of future events. Some of these areas include:
•   Impairment charges on loans and advances.
•   Fair value of financial assets and liabilities.
•   Impairment assessment of goodwill and other intangible assets.
•   Determination of income tax.
•   Provisions for customer-related remediation and other regulatory matters.                                                                   Additional

                                                                                                                                               information
Further details of these critical accounting judgements and estimates are provided in the respective notes to the
financial statements.




                                                                                                                   2023 Annual Report   167
Notes to the financial statements

Note 1 Basis of preparation (cont.)

Other developments

Interest rate benchmark reform
Over the 2023 financial year, the Group has transitioned materially all contracts referencing Interbank Offered Rates (IBOR)
benchmarks subject to cessation at 30 June 2023. Additionally, fallback language continues to be updated for contracts
referencing IBOR benchmarks subject to cessation in 2024.
The Group continues to meet jurisdictional regulatory guidance and national working group timelines to cease referencing
IBOR benchmarks subject to cessation and IBOR benchmarks which have ceased in new transactions, and actively transition
legacy contracts to alternative risk-free rates. The Group continues to manage the risk arising from transition to ensure a low
probability of occurrence and impact to the Group and its customers. Following the cessation of some benchmarks on
31 December 2021 and 30 June 2023, and adoption of fallback rates in contracts with major counterparties (in particular, central
clearing counterparties), there has been a significant reduction in transition risk since 30 September 2022. In particular:
•   Following cessation of USD London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) benchmarks on 30 June 2023, the Group’s exposure to
    these benchmarks has reduced significantly. As at 30 September 2023, there is an immaterial exposure referencing the
    synthetic version of some of the ceased benchmarks. These financial instruments are awaiting the next contractual rate
    reset or customers have chosen to not transition for administrative reasons as their financial instruments mature before the
    cessation of the relevant synthetic benchmark.
•   Financial instruments referencing other ceased IBOR benchmarks are not material.
•   Financial instruments referencing IBOR benchmarks subject to a future announced cessation are also not material.

Future accounting developments
AASB 17 Insurance Contracts (AASB 17) will be effective for the Group from 1 October 2023. The expected impact to the Group
from this new accounting standard is limited to the Group’s equity-accounted associate MLC Life. The change in timing of profit
recognition under AASB 17 is expected to result in a decrease in the carrying value of the MLC Life investment (included within
Note 23 Other assets) by approximately $200 million with a corresponding decrease in retained earnings as at 1 October 2023.
Refer to Note 32 Interest in subsidiaries and other entities for further information.
There are no other new standards or amendments to existing standards that are not yet effective which are expected to have a
material impact on the Group’s financial statements.




168   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Financial performance

Overview
The Group’s reportable segments are unchanged from the 2022 Annual Report.
A description of the operating activities of each reportable segment is provided below:                                                      About

                                                                                                                                          this report
•   Business and Private Banking focuses on NAB's priority small and medium (SME) customer segments. This includes diversified
    businesses, as well as specialised Agriculture, Health, Professional Services, Franchisees, Government, Education and
    Community service segments along with Private Banking and JBWere.
•   Personal Banking provides banking products and services to customers including securing a home loan and managing
    personal finances through deposits, credit card or personal loan facilities. Customers are supported through a network
    of branches and ATMs, call centres, digital capabilities as well as through proprietary lenders and mortgage brokers. Personal

                                                                                                                                          Our business
    Banking results include the financial performance of the Citi consumer business, acquired effective 1 June 2022.
•   Corporate and Institutional Banking provides a range of products and services including client coverage, corporate finance,


                                                                                                                                             in 2023
    markets, asset servicing, transactional banking and enterprise payments. The division serves its customers across Australia,
    the United States, Europe and Asia, with specialised industry relationships and product teams. It includes Bank of New
    Zealand's Markets Trading operations.
•   New Zealand Banking provides banking and financial services across customer segments in New Zealand. It consists of
    Partnership Banking servicing retail, business and private customers; Corporate and Institutional Banking servicing corporate
    and institutional customers, and includes Markets Sales operations in New Zealand. New Zealand Banking also includes the




                                                                                                                                             Creating value
    Wealth franchise operating under the ‘Bank of New Zealand’ brand. It excludes the Bank of New Zealand’s Markets Trading
    operations. New Zealand Banking results include the financial performance of the New Zealand liquidity management portfolio,
    effective 1 October 2022.
•   Corporate Functions and Other includes ubank and enabling units that support all businesses including Treasury, Technology
    and Enterprise Operations, Digital, Data and Analytics, Support Units and eliminations.
The Group evaluates performance on the basis of cash earnings as it better reflects what is considered to be the underlying
performance of the Group. Cash earnings is a non-IFRS key financial performance measure used by the Group and the
investment community.
Cash earnings is calculated by adjusting statutory net profit from continuing operations for certain non-cash earnings items.             Corporate
Non-cash earnings items are those items which are considered separately when assessing performance and analysing the
underlying trends in the business. Cash earnings for the year ended 30 September 2023 has been adjusted for hedging and fair             Governance
value volatility, amortisation of acquired intangible assets, and certain other items associated with acquisitions, disposals and         Statement
business closures. Cash earnings does not purport to represent the cash flows, funding or liquidity position of the Group, nor any
amount represented on a statement of cash flows.
The Group earns the vast majority of its revenue in the form of net interest income, being the difference between interest
earned on financial assets and interest paid on financial liabilities and other financing costs.

                                                                                                                                             Risk


                                                                                                                                          management




                                                                                                                                            Report of


                                                                                                                                          the Directors




                                                                                                                                            Financial report




                                                                                                                                           Additional

                                                                                                                                          information




                                                                                                              2023 Annual Report   169
Notes to the financial statements

Note 2
Segment information
                                                                                                                2023
                                                               Business                            Corporate
                                                                     and                                  and               New          Corporate
                                                                 Private          Personal       Institutional           Zealand         Functions                 Total
                                                                Banking            Banking            Banking(1)         Banking(1)      and Other(2)             Group
                                                                      $m                 $m                 $m                  $m                 $m                 $m
 Reportable segment information
 Net interest income                                               7,270              4,329               2,361              2,616                231             16,807
 Other income                                                         976                567              1,593                536                175              3,847
 Net operating income                                              8,246              4,896               3,954              3,152                406             20,654
 Operating expenses                                               (2,931)            (2,561)            (1,452)             (1,105)              (974)            (9,023)
 Underlying profit / (loss)                                        5,315              2,335               2,502              2,047               (568)            11,631
 Credit Impairment (charge) / write-back                            (568)              (287)                (32)               (85)               170               (802)
 Cash earnings / (loss) before tax
 and distributions                                                 4,747              2,048               2,470              1,962               (398)            10,829
 Income tax (expense) / benefit                                   (1,429)              (602)               (600)              (553)                 91            (3,093)
 Cash earnings / (loss) before non-
 controlling interests                                             3,318              1,446               1,870              1,409               (307)             7,736
 Non-controlling interests                                               -                  -                  -                 (5)                 -                 (5)
 Cash earnings / (loss)                                            3,318              1,446               1,870              1,404               (307)             7,731
 Hedging and fair value volatility                                     (2)                (6)               (95)                 (8)                82                (29)
 Other non-cash earnings items                                         (9)               (17)                  -                  -              (211)              (237)
 Net profit / (loss) for the year from
 continuing operations                                             3,307              1,423               1,775              1,396               (436)             7,465
 Net loss from discontinued operations
 attributable to owners of the Company                                   -                  -                  -                  -               (51)                (51)
 Net profit / (loss) attributable to owners
 of the Company                                                    3,307              1,423               1,775              1,396               (487)             7,414


 Reportable segment assets(3)                                   255,451            247,934             282,809            117,090            155,799          1,059,083
 (1) For the year ended 30 September 2023, the New Zealand liquidity management portfolio of $18.3 billion of assets is reported within New Zealand Banking. Previously the
     assets and liabilities together with the related income was reported as part of Corporate and Institutional Banking. Comparative information has not been restated.
 (2) Corporate Functions and Other includes eliminations.
 (3) Reportable segment assets include inter-company balances which are eliminated within the Corporate Functions and Other segment.




170   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 2 Segment information (cont.)

                                                                                                               2022
                                                             Business                            Corporate
                                                                   and                                  and               New          Corporate
                                                               Private
                                                              Banking
                                                                                Personal
                                                                                 Banking
                                                                                               Institutional
                                                                                                    Banking
                                                                                                                       Zealand
                                                                                                                       Banking
                                                                                                                                       Functions
                                                                                                                                       and Other(1)
                                                                                                                                                             Total
                                                                                                                                                            Group
                                                                                                                                                                              About

                                                                                                                                                                           this report
                                                                     $m                 $m                 $m                $m                 $m             $m
 Reportable segment information
 Net interest income                                               6,074              4,055             2,058              2,302                363         14,852
 Other income                                                        962                524             1,413                518                 27           3,444
 Net operating income                                              7,036              4,579             3,471              2,820                390         18,296

                                                                                                                                                                           Our business
 Operating expenses                                               (2,664)            (2,311)           (1,377)              (971)              (951)         (8,274)
 Underlying profit / (loss)                                        4,372              2,268             2,094              1,849               (561)        10,022


                                                                                                                                                                              in 2023
 Credit Impairment (charge) / write-back                             (60)                 5                 26                (47)              (49)          (125)
 Cash earnings / (loss) before tax
 and distributions                                                 4,312              2,273             2,120              1,802               (610)          9,897
 Income tax (expense) / benefit                                   (1,299)              (682)             (492)              (507)               187          (2,793)
 Cash earnings / (loss)                                            3,013              1,591             1,628              1,295               (423)          7,104




                                                                                                                                                                              Creating value
 Hedging and fair value volatility                                    (2)                 9                 90                 40               (68)               69
 Other non-cash earnings items                                        (2)                (7)                  -                  -             (104)          (113)
 Net profit / (loss) for the year from
 continuing operations                                             3,009              1,593             1,718              1,335               (595)          7,060
 Net loss from discontinued operations
 attributable to owners of the Company                                 -                  -                   -                  -             (169)          (169)
 Net profit / (loss) attributable to owners
 of the Company                                                    3,009              1,593             1,718              1,335               (764)          6,891


 Reportable segment assets(2)                                   235,322            244,822            348,035             93,243           133,704        1,055,126        Corporate
 (1) Corporate Functions and Other includes eliminations.
                                                                                                                                                                          Governance
 (2) Reportable segment assets include inter-company balances which are eliminated within the Corporate Functions and Other segment.

                                                                                                                                                                           Statement
Major customers
No single customer contributes revenue greater than 10% of the Group’s revenues.

Geographical information

                                                                                                                                                                              Risk
The Group has operations in Australia (the Company’s country of domicile), New Zealand, Europe, the United States and Asia. The
allocation of income and non-current assets is based on the geographical location in which transactions are booked.

                                                                                                                               Group                                       management
                                                                                                          Income                         Non-current assets(1)
                                                                                                       2023               2022                2023            2022
                                                                                                         $m                 $m                  $m             $m


                                                                                                                                                                             Report of
 Australia                                                                                           16,674             14,746               7,115            7,081
 New Zealand                                                                                          3,218              2,953               1,275             986
                                                                                                      1,051                                     118

                                                                                                                                                                           the Directors
 Other International                                                                                                       936                                 108
 Total before inter-geographic eliminations                                                          20,943             18,635               8,508            8,175
 Elimination of inter-geographic items                                                                 (295)                (65)                   -                -
 Total                                                                                               20,648             18,570               8,508            8,175
 (1) Non-current assets includes goodwill and other intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and investments in joint ventures and associates.




                                                                                                                                                                             Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                            Additional

                                                                                                                                                                           information




                                                                                                                                              2023 Annual Report    171
Notes to the financial statements

Note 3
Net interest income

  Accounting policy
  Interest income and expense are recognised in the income statement using the effective interest method. The effective
  interest method measures the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability using the effective interest rate. The
  effective interest rate discounts the estimated stream of future cash payments or receipts over the expected life of the
  financial instrument to the net carrying amount of the financial instrument.
  Fees and costs which form an integral part of the effective interest rate of a financial instrument (for example, loan
  origination fees) are recognised using the effective interest method and recorded in interest income or expense
  depending on whether the underlying instrument is a financial asset or liability.
  Included in net interest income are interest income and expense on trading assets, hedging instruments and financial
  instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss.



                                                                                       Group                     Company
                                                                                   2023          2022          2023          2022
                                                                                     $m           $m             $m           $m
 Interest income
 Effective interest rate method
 Amortised cost
  Due from other banks                                                             5,253          930          4,713          767
  Loans and advances                                                              35,807        19,542        30,175        16,264
  Due from controlled entities                                                         -             -         2,586         1,183
  Other interest income                                                            3,554          592          3,261          553
 Fair value through other comprehensive income
  Debt instruments                                                                 1,744          401          1,743          400
 Total effective interest method                                                  46,358        21,465        42,478        19,167
 Fair value through profit or loss
  Trading instruments                                                              1,607          803          1,328          712
  Other financial assets                                                             107          110             76           93
 Total fair value through profit or loss                                           1,714          913          1,404          805
 Total interest income                                                            48,072        22,378        43,882        19,972


 Interest expense
 Effective interest rate method
  Due to other banks                                                               1,705          375          1,525          343
  Deposits and other borrowings                                                   19,889         3,832        17,636         3,191
  Bonds, notes and subordinated debt                                               7,083         1,726         6,413         1,598
  Due to controlled entities                                                           -             -         3,515         2,527
  Debt issues                                                                        362          224            362          224
  Other interest expense                                                             640          394            555          371
 Total effective interest method                                                  29,679         6,551        30,006         8,254
 Fair value through profit or loss
  Trading instruments                                                                 51            5             51               5
  Other financial liabilities                                                      1,163          635            465          193
 Total fair value through profit or loss                                           1,214          640            516          198
 Bank levy                                                                           372          347            372          347
 Total interest expense                                                           31,265         7,538        30,894         8,799
 Net interest income                                                              16,807        14,840        12,988        11,173




172   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 4
Other income

   Accounting policy
   Categories of other income are measured as follows:                                                                                                                                About

     Item                                    Measurement basis                                                                                                                     this report
     Trading instruments                     Trading derivatives - Total fair value change (including interest income or expense).
                                             Trading assets - All fair value changes except for interest income or expense, which is
                                             recognised within net interest income.
     Hedge ineffectiveness                   Represents hedge ineffectiveness arising from hedge accounting, which are the fair
                                             value movements (excluding interest income or expense) that do not offset the

                                                                                                                                                                                   Our business
                                             hedged risk.
     Financial instruments                   Includes fair value movements on such items, other than interest income or expense
     designated at fair value
                                                                                                                                                                                      in 2023
                                             and movements attributable to the Group’s own credit risk.
     Dividend revenue                        Dividend revenue is recognised in the income statement when the Group’s right to
                                             receive the dividend is established.
     Lending fees and other                  Unless included in the effective interest rate, fees and commissions are recognised
     fees and commissions                    on an accruals basis when the service has been provided or on completion of the
                                             underlying transaction. Fees charged for providing ongoing services (for example,
                                             maintaining and administering existing facilities) are recognised as income over the




                                                                                                                                                                                      Creating value
                                             period the service is provided.
                                             When a third party is involved in providing goods or services to the Group's customer,
                                             the Group assesses whether the nature of the arrangement with its customer is as
                                             a principal or an agent of the third party. When the Group is not acting in a principal
                                             capacity, the income earned by the Group is net of the amounts paid to the third
                                             party provider. The net consideration represents the Group's income for facilitating
                                             the transaction.
     Net investment                          Investment management income is recognised on an accruals basis as the services
     management income                       are provided and is presented net of direct and incremental investment management
                                             expenses incurred in the provision of these services.
                                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                  Governance
                                                                                                               Group                                  Company
                                                                                                          2023                2022                 2023                2022        Statement
                                                                                                             $m                 $m                   $m                  $m
 Net fees and commissions
 Lending fees                                                                                             1,141               1,125                  932                 925


                                                                                                                                                                                      Risk
 Other fees and commissions(1)                                                                              893                 838                  667                 618
 Net investment management income


                                                                                                                                                                                   management
   Investment management income                                                                             304                 296                     -                  -
   Investment management expense                                                                           (155)               (140)                    -                  -
 Total net fees and commissions                                                                           2,183               2,119               1,599                1,543


 Gains less losses on financial instruments at fair value


                                                                                                                                                                                     Report of
 Trading instruments                                                                                      1,141                (196)                 813                  30
 Hedge ineffectiveness                                                                                      (21)                 58                  (27)                 31


                                                                                                                                                                                   the Directors
 Financial instruments designated at fair value                                                             390               1,205                  418                 592
 Total gains less losses on financial instruments at fair value                                           1,510               1,067               1,202                  653


 Other operating income
 Dividend revenue(2)                                                                                           2                 28               7,423                2,053




                                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report
 Net other income(3)                                                                                        146                 516                   77                 229
 Total net other operating income                                                                           148                 544               7,500                2,282
 Total other income                                                                                       3,841               3,730              10,301                4,478
 (1) The Group recognised customer-related remediation charges of $29 million (2022: $71 million charge) and the Company recognised customer-related remediation
     charges of $39 million (2022: $40 million charge) in other fees and commissions. Customer-related remediation charges in the Company include MLC Wealth-related
     matters which are presented in discontinued operations at the Group level.
 (2) In the 2023 financial year, the Company received a dividend of $5.4 billion from National Equities Limited (following a dividend payment by BNZ) which was reinvested into
     additional ordinary shares.
 (3) On 30 September 2022, the Group completed the disposal of BNZ Life, resulting in an overall gain on disposal of $197 million in other income.


                                                                                                                                                                                    Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                   information




                                                                                                                                                   2023 Annual Report       173
Notes to the financial statements

Note 5
Operating expenses

  Accounting policy
  Operating expenses are recognised as services are provided to the Group, over the period in which an asset is consumed
  or once a liability is created.
  Amounts received by the Group as a reimbursement for costs incurred are recognised as a reduction of the
  related expense.
  Annual leave, long service leave and other personnel expenses
  Salaries, annual leave and other employee entitlements expected to be paid or settled within 12 months of employees
  rendering service are measured at their nominal amounts using remuneration rates that the Group expects to pay when
  the liabilities are settled. A liability is recognised for the amount expected to be paid under short-term cash bonuses when
  the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the
  employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably. All other employee entitlements that are not expected to be paid
  or settled within 12 months of the reporting date are measured at the present value of net future cash flows. Employee
  entitlements to long service leave are accrued using an actuarial calculation, which includes assumptions regarding
  employee departures, leave utilisation and future salary increases.
  Termination benefits are recognised as an expense when the Group is demonstrably committed, without realistic
  possibility of withdrawal, to a formal detailed plan to either terminate employment before the normal retirement date,
  or to provide termination benefits as a result of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy. Termination benefits
  for voluntary redundancy are recognised as an expense if the Group has made an offer of voluntary redundancy, it is
  probable that the offer will be accepted, and the number of acceptances can be estimated reliably.
  Refer to Note 24 Provisions for balances of provisions for employee entitlements.



                                                                                                         Group                     Company(1)
                                                                                                    2023               2022       2023          2022
                                                                                                      $m                    $m      $m           $m
 Personnel expenses
  Salaries and related on-costs                                                                     4,353              3,964      3,590         3,355
  Superannuation costs-defined contribution plans                                                     366                   319    348           302
  Performance-based compensation                                                                      557                   517    510           471
  Other expenses                                                                                      215                   177    196           166
 Total personnel expenses                                                                           5,491              4,977      4,644         4,294


 Occupancy and depreciation expenses
  Rental expense                                                                                      100                   103    209           203
  Depreciation and impairment                                                                         594                   577    408           411
  Other expenses                                                                                       57                   42      53            39
 Total occupancy and depreciation expenses                                                            751                   722    670           653


 General expenses
  Fees and commissions expense                                                                         18                   44      17            29
  Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                   620                   535    519           460
  Advertising and marketing                                                                           220                   187    166           142
  Charges to provide for operational risk event losses                                                103                   107     72           328
  Communications, postage and stationery                                                              150                   137    125           114
  Computer equipment and software                                                                     888                   789    740           694
  Data communication and processing charges                                                           127                   90     109            78
  Professional fees                                                                                   711                   729    679           689
  Impairment losses recognised                                                                         13                   10      14            18
  Other expenses                                                                                      290                   375    668           266
 Total general expenses                                                                             3,140              3,003      3,109         2,818
 Total operating expenses                                                                           9,382              8,702      8,423         7,765
 (1) Operating expenses in the Company include amounts which are presented in discontinued operations at the Group level.




174   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 5 Operating expenses (cont.)

Customer-related and payroll remediation
Customer-related remediation recognised by the Group relates to costs for executing the remediation programs for banking-

                                                                                                                                           About
related matters. Payroll remediation relates to costs to address potential payroll issues relating to both current and former
Australian colleagues, comprising payments to colleagues and costs to execute the remediation program. The charges
recognised by the Company include costs related to the remediation programs for banking and MLC Wealth-related matters.
In the 2023 financial year, the Group recognised a charge of $20 million (2022: $45 million) and the Company recognised a charge        this report
of $45 million (2022: $219 million) for customer-related remediation.
The payroll remediation program was largely completed in December 2022 with all known remediation matters resolved. No
charges were recognised in the 2023 financial year (2022: $55 million for the Group and $72 million for the Company).


                                                                                                                                        Our business

                                                                                                                                           in 2023




                                                                                                                                           Creating value




                                                                                                                                        Corporate
                                                                                                                                       Governance
                                                                                                                                        Statement




                                                                                                                                           Risk


                                                                                                                                        management




                                                                                                                                          Report of


                                                                                                                                        the Directors




                                                                                                                                          Financial report




                                                                                                                                         Additional

                                                                                                                                        information




                                                                                                            2023 Annual Report   175
Notes to the financial statements

Note 6
Income tax

   Accounting policy
   Income tax expense (or benefit) is the tax payable (or receivable) on the current year's taxable income based on the
   applicable tax rate in each jurisdiction, adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Income tax expense
   is recognised in the income statement except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in other
   comprehensive income, in which case it is recognised in the statement of comprehensive income. The tax associated
   with these transactions will be recognised in the income statement at the same time as the underlying transaction.
   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and
   liabilities and their carrying amounts. Deferred tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or
   substantively enacted as at the reporting date and are expected to apply when the related deferred tax asset is realised
   or the deferred tax liability is settled.
   Deferred tax assets are only recognised for temporary differences, unused tax losses and unused tax credits if it is
   probable that future taxable amounts will arise to utilise those temporary differences and losses. Deferred tax assets are
   reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will
   be realised.
   Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset where there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax
   assets and current tax liabilities and they relate to income taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable
   entity, or on different tax entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis or to realise
   the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
   The Company and its wholly owned Australian subsidiaries are part of a tax consolidated group. The Company is the head
   entity in the tax consolidated group. The members of the tax consolidated group have entered into tax funding and tax
   sharing agreements, which set out the funding obligations of members. Any current tax liabilities / assets and deferred tax
   assets from unused tax losses of subsidiaries in the tax consolidated group are recognised by the Company and funded in
   line with the tax funding arrangements.

   Critical accounting judgements and estimates
   The Group undertakes transactions in the ordinary course of business where the income tax treatment requires the
   exercise of judgement. The Group estimates the amount expected to be paid to tax authorities based on its understanding
   and interpretation of relevant tax laws. The effect of uncertainty over income tax treatments is reflected in determining
   the relevant taxable profit or tax loss, tax bases, unused tax losses and unused tax credits or tax rates. Uncertain tax
   positions are presented as current or deferred tax assets or liabilities as appropriate.



Income tax expense
The income tax expense for the year reconciles to the profit before income tax as follows:

                                                                                                               Group                                  Company
                                                                                                          2023                2022                 2023                2022
                                                                                                             $m                 $m                   $m                  $m
 Profit before income tax                                                                               10,450                9,744              14,212               7,838
 Prima facie income tax expense at 30%                                                                    3,135               2,923               4,264               2,351
 Tax effect of permanent differences:
   Assessable foreign income                                                                                 11                   7                   11                   7
   Foreign tax rate differences                                                                             (68)                (65)                 (24)                (25)
   Adjustments to deferred tax balances for tax losses(1)                                                  (142)                (82)               (142)                 (82)
   Foreign branch income not deductible / (assessable)                                                         6                (12)                    6                (12)
   Over provision in prior years                                                                            (11)                  (5)                (11)                 (5)
   Offshore banking unit adjustment                                                                         (77)                (97)                 (65)                (57)
   Restatement of deferred tax balances for tax rate changes                                                  (1)                 (5)                 (1)                  4
   Non-deductible interest on convertible instruments                                                       109                  67                  109                  67
   Dividend income adjustments                                                                                 -                   -             (1,954)                (345)
   Gain on disposal of BNZ Life                                                                                -                (59)                    -                  -
   Other                                                                                                     18                  12                     7                (10)
 Income tax expense                                                                                       2,980               2,684               2,200               1,893
 Current tax expense                                                                                      3,081               2,365               2,323               1,569
 Deferred tax (benefit) / expense                                                                          (101)                319                (123)                324
 Total income tax expense                                                                                 2,980               2,684               2,200               1,893
 (1) In the 2023 financial year, adjustments relating to certain tax losses have been disaggregated from the line item 'Other,' and presented separately in the reconciliation.
     Comparative information has been restated to align to the presentation in the 2023 financial year.




176   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 6 Income tax (cont.)

Deferred tax assets and liabilities
The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:

                                                                                   Group                       Company                       About

                                                                                                                                          this report
                                                                               2023           2022            2023           2022
                                                                                 $m            $m              $m                $m
 Deferred tax assets
 Specific provision for credit impairment                                        159           148             137            129
 Collective provision for credit impairment                                    1,485          1,281          1,239           1,078


                                                                                                                                          Our business
 Employee entitlements                                                           275           286             257            269
 Tax losses                                                                      131            50             121                47


                                                                                                                                             in 2023
 Unrealised derivatives in funding vehicles                                       39            90               -                 -
 Other provisions                                                                 91           169              91            168
 Depreciation                                                                    327           309             244            240
 Reserves
  Cash flow hedge reserve                                                        732           821             724            814




                                                                                                                                             Creating value
  Other reserves                                                                  45             4              42                23
 Other                                                                           324           353             304            321
 Total deferred tax assets                                                     3,608          3,511          3,159           3,089
 Set-off of deferred tax liabilities pursuant to set-off provisions             (109)         (126)           (100)          (114)
 Net deferred tax assets                                                       3,499          3,385          3,059           2,975


 Deferred tax liabilities

                                                                                                                                          Corporate
 Intangible assets                                                                32            27              27                23
 Defined benefit superannuation plan assets                                       12            11              10                 9
 Reserves                                                                         28            63              28                63     Governance
 Other                                                                            37            25              35                19      Statement
 Total deferred tax liabilities                                                  109           126             100            114
 Deferred tax liabilities set off against deferred tax assets pursuant to
 set-off provisions                                                             (109)         (126)           (100)          (114)
 Net deferred tax liability                                                        -              -              -                 -


Deferred tax assets not brought to account                                                                                                   Risk


                                                                                                                                          management
Deferred tax assets have not been brought to account for the following realised losses as the utilisation of the losses is not
regarded as probable:

                                                                                   Group                       Company
                                                                               2023           2022            2023           2022


                                                                                                                                            Report of
                                                                                 $m            $m              $m                $m
 Capital gains tax losses                                                      1,909          1,910          1,909           1,910
 Income tax losses                                                               125           239             125            239

                                                                                                                                          the Directors
Income tax losses of $119m for the Group and Company are expected to expire between the 2030 to 2036 financial years. Capital
gains tax losses of the Group and Company do not have any expiry date.




                                                                                                                                            Financial report




                                                                                                                                           Additional

                                                                                                                                          information




                                                                                                             2023 Annual Report    177
Notes to the financial statements

Note 7
Earnings per share
                                                                                       Group
                                                                           Basic                  Diluted
                                                                       2023        2022        2023         2022
 Earnings ($m)
 Net profit attributable to owners of the Company                      7,414       6,891       7,414        6,891
 Potential dilutive adjustments
  Interest expense on convertible notes                                    -           -        371          232
 Adjusted earnings                                                     7,414       6,891       7,785        7,123
 Net loss from discontinued operations attributable to owners of
 the Company                                                             51         169          51          169
 Adjusted earnings from continuing operations                          7,465       7,060       7,836        7,292


 Weighted average number of ordinary shares (millions)
 Weighted average number of ordinary shares (net of treasury shares)   3,136       3,219       3,136        3,219
 Weighted average number of dilutive potential ordinary shares
  Convertible notes                                                        -           -        258          240
  Share-based payments                                                     -           -         10            6
 Total weighted average number of ordinary shares                      3,136       3,219       3,404        3,465


 Earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company (cents)      236.4       214.1       228.7        205.6
 Earnings per share from continuing operations                         238.0       219.3       230.2        210.5
 Earnings per share from discontinued operations                        (1.6)       (5.2)       (1.5)        (4.9)




178   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Financial instruments

Overview
Financial instruments represent the majority of the Group's balance sheet, including loans and advances, deposits, trading
                                                                                                                                                  About
assets and derivatives.


                                                                                                                                               this report
Initial recognition of financial instruments
A financial asset or financial liability is recognised on the balance sheet when the Group becomes a party to the contractual
provisions of the instrument. The Group recognises regular way transactions on the trade date.
All financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value. Directly attributable transaction costs are added to or deducted
from the carrying value of the asset or liability on initial recognition, unless the instrument is measured at fair value through profit
or loss, in which case they are recognised in profit or loss.

Classification                                                                                                                                 Our business

                                                                                                                                                  in 2023
Subsequently, financial instruments are measured either at amortised cost or fair value depending on their classification.
Classification of financial assets is driven by the Group's business model for managing the asset and the contractual cash flows
of the asset. The Group uses the following flowchart to determine the appropriate classification for financial assets.




                                                                                                                                                  Creating value




                                                                                                                                               Corporate
                                                                                                                                              Governance
                                                                                                                                               Statement




                                                                                                                                                  Risk


                                                                                                                                               management




                                                                                                                                                 Report of


                                                                                                                                               the Directors




                                                                                                                                                 Financial report
Non-derivative financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost unless the Group elects to measure the financial liability at
fair value through profit or loss. The Group will elect to measure a financial liability at fair value through profit or loss if such
measurement significantly reduces or eliminates an accounting mismatch.
Refer to the table at the end of this section for a summary of the classification of the Group's financial instruments.




                                                                                                                                                Additional

                                                                                                                                               information




                                                                                                                  2023 Annual Report    179
Notes to the financial statements

Overview (cont.)

Measurement

Financial instruments measured at amortised cost
Amortised cost is the amount at which a financial asset or financial liability is measured at initial recognition minus principal
repayments, plus or minus the cumulative amortisation of transaction costs, premiums or discounts using the effective interest
method, and for financial assets, adjusted for any loss allowance.

Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of debt instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive
income are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in a separate component of equity. Upon disposal,
the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified from equity to the
income statement.
Investments in equity instruments that are neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by the Group in a
business combination to which AASB 3 Business Combinations applies, are measured at fair value through other comprehensive
income, where an irrevocable election has been made by management. Amounts recognised in other comprehensive income are
not subsequently transferred to profit or loss. Dividends on such investments are recognised in profit or loss unless the dividend
clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investment.

Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss
Changes in the fair value of financial assets are recognised in profit or loss.
Where a financial liability is designated at fair value through profit or loss, the movement in fair value attributable to changes in
the Group’s own credit risk is calculated by determining the changes in own credit spreads and is recognised separately in other
comprehensive income.

Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
Derivative financial instruments are contracts whose value is derived from an underlying price, index or other variable, and
include instruments such as swaps, forward rate agreements, futures and options.
All derivatives are recognised initially on the balance sheet at fair value and are subsequently measured at fair value through
profit or loss, except where they are designated as a part of an effective hedge relationship and classified as hedging
derivatives. Derivatives are presented as assets when their fair value is positive and as liabilities when their fair value is negative.
The method of recognising the resulting fair value gain or loss on a derivative depends on whether the derivative is designated
as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged. Refer to Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting.

Derecognition of financial instruments
The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual cash flows from the asset expire or it transfers its rights to
receive contractual cash flows from the financial asset in a transaction in which substantially all the risks and rewards of
ownership are transferred. Any interest in transferred financial assets that is created or retained by the Group is recognised as a
separate asset or liability.
The Group derecognises a financial liability when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged, cancelled or expires.

Reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements (and similar lending and borrowing)
The Group executes reverse repurchase agreements where it purchases a security under an agreement to resell that security
at a predetermined price. These securities are not recognised on the balance sheet because the Group does not acquire
the risks and rewards of ownership of the security. Consideration paid for the purchase is accounted for as a reverse
repurchase agreement and classified as a financial asset. Reverse repurchase agreements that are part of a portfolio of
financial instruments managed together for short-term profit taking are measured at fair value through profit or loss and are
included within Note 9 Trading assets. All other reverse repurchase agreements are measured at amortised cost.
The Group also executes repurchase agreements, where it sells a security under an agreement to repurchase that security at
a predetermined price. These securities are not derecognised from the balance sheet because the Group retains substantially
all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the security. Consideration received for the sale is accounted for as a repurchase
agreement and classified as a financial liability. Repurchase agreements that are part of a portfolio of financial instruments
managed together for short-term profit taking are measured at fair value through profit or loss and are included within Note 16
Other financial liabilities. All other repurchase agreements are measured at amortised cost.




180   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Overview (cont.)

Summary of classification and measurement basis

 Financial assets
                                                          Classification                                                                                                             About
                                                          and
                                                                                                                                                                                  this report
 Type of instrument                                       measurement                  Reason                                                    Note
 Loans and advances (customer loans                       Amortised cost               Cash flows represent solely payments                      Note 12 Loans
 and facilities)                                                                       of principal and interest, held with                      and advances
                                                                                       the objective to collect contractual
                                                                                       cash flows
 Trading assets (bonds, reverse repurchase                                             Principal purpose is selling or                           Note 9


                                                                                                                                                                                  Our business
 agreements, notes or securities issued                                                repurchasing in the near term, or part of a               Trading assets
 by government, financial institutions or                                              portfolio of financial instruments that are
 other corporates)                                                                     managed together and for which there is
                                                          Fair value through

                                                                                                                                                                                     in 2023
                                                                                       evidence of short-term profit taking
                                                          profit or loss
 Other financial assets                                                                Cash flows are not solely payments of                     Note 11 Other
                                                                                       principal and interest or designated at fair              financial assets
                                                                                       value through profit or loss to eliminate
                                                                                       an accounting mismatch
 Debt instruments (bonds, notes or                        Fair value through           Cash flows represent solely payments                      Note 10
 securities issued by government, financial               other                        of principal and interest, held with the                  Debt instruments




                                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value
 institutions or other corporates)                        comprehensive                objective to both collect contractual
                                                          income                       cash flows or to sell
 Derivatives (forwards, swaps,                                                         Trading derivatives - not in a qualifying                 Note 18
 futures, options)                                                                     hedging relationship                                      Derivatives and
                                                          Fair value (1)
                                                                                                                                                 hedge accounting
                                                                                       Hedging derivatives - designated in a
                                                                                       qualifying hedging relationship




 Financial liabilities
                                                          Classification                                                                                                          Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                 Governance
                                                          and
 Type of instrument                                       measurement                  Reason                                                    Note
 Deposits and other borrowings                                                         Not designated at fair value through profit               Note 13                          Statement
 (deposits, commercial paper,                                                          or loss                                                   Deposits and
 repurchase agreements)                                                                                                                          other borrowings
 Bonds and notes                                          Amortised cost                                                                         Note 14 Bonds,
                                                                                                                                                 notes and
                                                                                                                                                 subordinated debt

                                                                                                                                                                                     Risk
 Perpetual notes and convertible notes                                                                                                           Note 15 Debt issues
 Certain bonds, notes and deposits                                                     Designated at fair value through profit or                Note 16 Other


                                                                                                                                                                                  management
                                                                                       loss to eliminate an accounting mismatch                  financial liabilities
 Repurchase agreements, securities short                  Fair value through           Part of a portfolio of financial instruments
 sold, other financial liabilities                        profit or loss(2)            that are managed together and for
                                                                                       which there is evidence of short-term
                                                                                       profit taking
 Derivatives (forwards, swaps,                                                         Trading derivatives - not in a qualifying                 Note 18
 futures, options)                                                                     hedging relationship                                      Derivatives and

                                                                                                                                                                                    Report of
                                                          Fair value (1)
                                                                                                                                                 hedge accounting
                                                                                       Hedging derivatives - designated in a
                                                                                       qualifying hedging relationship


                                                                                                                                                                                  the Directors
 (1) Fair value movements on trading derivatives are recognised in profit or loss. The recognition of the fair value movements on hedging derivatives will depend on the
     type of hedge (i.e. fair value hedge or cash flow hedge). Refer to Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting.
 (2) Except for changes in own credit risk which are recognised in other comprehensive income.




                                                                                                                                                                                    Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                   Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                  information




                                                                                                                                                2023 Annual Report         181
Notes to the financial statements

Note 8
Cash and balances with other banks

   Accounting policy
   Cash and liquid assets, and balances with other banks are initially measured at fair value and subsequently at amortised
   cost. For the purposes of the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash and liquid assets (including
   reverse repurchase agreements and short-term government securities) and amounts due from other banks net of
   amounts due to other banks that are highly liquid, readily convertible to known amounts of cash within three months
   and are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. They are held for the purposes of meeting short-term cash
   commitments (rather than for investment or other purposes). Refer to Note 37 Notes to the statement of cash flows for a
   detailed reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents.



                                                                                                                  Group                                  Company
                                                                                                             2023                2022                  2023                2022
                                                                                                               $m                  $m                    $m                  $m
 Cash and liquid assets
 Coins, notes and cash at bank                                                                              1,030                1,147                   937               1,021
 Reverse repurchase agreements(1)                                                                          21,808               53,785               21,350              53,725
 Other (including bills receivable and remittances in transit)                                              1,861                1,519                1,672                1,375
 Total cash and liquid assets                                                                              24,699               56,451               23,959              56,121


 Due from other banks
 Central banks                                                                                           105,034              113,232                95,638             105,857
 Other banks(1)                                                                                            12,272               28,629               11,317              27,287
 Total due from other banks                                                                              117,306              141,861              106,955              133,144


 Due to other banks
 Central banks(2)                                                                                          25,394               40,824               21,041              37,713
 Other banks(1)                                                                                            14,122               33,855               12,924              31,582
 Total due to other banks                                                                                  39,516               74,679               33,965              69,295
 (1) During the 2023 financial year, the Group established a new portfolio of reverse repurchase agreements, which is managed together with other financial instruments
     for short-term profit taking. These agreements are measured at fair value through profit or loss and are included in Note 9 Trading assets.
 (2) Included within amounts due to central banks is $21,869 million (2022: $35,316 million) for the Group and $17,596 million (2022: $32,275 million) for the Company relating to
     the TFF provided by the RBA and the TLF, FLP provided by the RBNZ.



Note 9
Trading assets

   Accounting policy
   Trading assets comprise assets that are classified as held for trading because they are acquired or incurred principally
   for the purpose of selling or repurchasing in the near term, or form part of a portfolio of financial instruments that are
   managed together and for which there is evidence of short-term profit taking. Trading assets are measured at fair value
   through profit or loss. Trading assets include commodities measured at fair value less cost to sell in accordance with AASB
   102 Inventories.



                                                                                                                  Group                                  Company
                                                                                                             2023                2022                  2023                2022
                                                                                                               $m                  $m                    $m                  $m
 Trading assets
 Government bonds, notes and securities                                                                    29,237               26,127               26,690              23,036
 Semi-government bonds, notes and securities                                                               10,092                5,346                6,887                2,989
 Corporate / financial institution bonds, notes and securities                                              5,360                8,681                3,392                7,598
 Reverse repurchase agreements(1)                                                                          55,403                     -              52,373                     -
 Commodity inventory at fair value                                                                             610                    -                  610                    -
 Other bonds, notes, securities, equities and other assets                                                     466                 419                   465                 420
 Total trading assets                                                                                    101,168                40,573               90,417              34,043
 (1) During the 2023 financial year, the Group established a new portfolio of reverse repurchase agreements, which is managed together with other financial instruments
     for short-term profit taking.




182   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 10
Debt instruments

   Accounting policy
   Debt instruments are measured at fair value through other comprehensive income as they are held in a business model                        About
   with the objective of both collecting contractual cash flows and realising assets through sale and they have contractual
   cash flows which are considered to be solely payments of principal and interest.                                                        this report


                                                                                    Group                        Company
                                                                                 2023          2022            2023            2022


                                                                                                                                           Our business
                                                                                  $m             $m              $m             $m
 Debt instruments


                                                                                                                                              in 2023
 Government bonds, notes and securities                                         2,691          3,626           2,691           3,626
 Semi-government bonds, notes and securities                                   28,892         25,275          28,892         25,275
 Corporate / financial institution bonds, notes and securities                  8,238          6,933           8,238           6,933
 Other bonds, notes and securities                                              6,536          6,246           6,515           6,260
 Total debt instruments                                                        46,357         42,080          46,336         42,094




                                                                                                                                              Creating value
Note 11
Other financial assets

   Accounting policy
   Other financial assets are measured at fair value through profit or loss. Changes in fair value and transaction costs are

                                                                                                                                           Corporate
   recognised in the income statement. Financial assets are measured at fair value through profit or loss when they have
   contractual cash flow characteristics that are not considered to be solely payments of principal and interest or they have
   been designated as such to eliminate or reduce an accounting mismatch.                                                                 Governance
                                                                                                                                           Statement
                                                                                    Group                        Company
                                                                                 2023          2022            2023            2022
                                                                                  $m             $m              $m             $m


                                                                                                                                              Risk
 Other financial assets
 Loans at fair value                                                            1,243          1,876            682            1,305


                                                                                                                                           management
 Other financial assets at fair value                                             187            185           1,026           1,444
 Total other financial assets                                                   1,430          2,061           1,708           2,749


The maximum credit exposure of loans (excluding any undrawn facility limits) included in other financial assets is $1,243 million
(2022: $1,876 million) for the Group and $682 million (2022: $1,305 million) for the Company. The cumulative change in fair value
of the loans attributable to changes in credit risk amounted to a $33 million loss (2022: $49 million loss) for the Group and a

                                                                                                                                             Report of
$27 million loss (2022: $28 million loss) for the Company.



                                                                                                                                           the Directors




                                                                                                                                             Financial report




                                                                                                                                            Additional

                                                                                                                                           information




                                                                                                               2023 Annual Report   183
Notes to the financial statements

Note 12
Loans and advances

  Accounting policy
  Loans and advances are financial assets for which the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest
  and that are held in a business model with the objective of collecting contractual cash flows.
  Loans and advances are initially recognised at fair value plus transaction costs directly attributable to the origination of
  the loan or advance, which are primarily brokerage and origination fees. Subsequently, loans and advances are measured
  at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method, net of any provision for credit impairment.



                                                                                                            Group                                Company
                                                                                                       2023               2022                 2023               2022
                                                                                                         $m                 $m                   $m                   $m
 Loans and advances
 Housing loans                                                                                      406,298            389,124             352,113             340,278
 Other term lending                                                                                 261,520            260,487             223,490             224,128
 Asset and lease financing                                                                           17,214              14,988              17,158             14,937
 Overdrafts                                                                                            5,459              4,689               3,420               2,819
 Credit card outstandings                                                                              9,528              8,684               8,609               7,816
 Other lending                                                                                         7,209              7,867               6,766               7,467
 Total gross loans and advances                                                                     707,228            685,839             611,556             597,445
  Unearned income and deferred net fee income(1)                                                     (1,453)             (1,020)             (1,536)             (1,067)
  Capitalised brokerage costs(1)(2)                                                                    2,512                671               2,357                   633
  Provision for credit impairment                                                                    (5,585)             (5,056)             (4,693)             (4,332)
 Total net loans and advances                                                                       702,702            680,434             607,684             592,679
 (1) During the 2023 financial year, upfront brokerage costs previously presented as a net number within Unearned income and deferred net fee income were separately
     classified as Capitalised brokerage costs to better align with the nature of the balances. Comparative information has been restated accordingly.
 (2) The balance as at 30 September 2023 includes $1,795 million for the Group and $1,684 million for the Company of capitalised brokerage costs reflecting the revised
     accounting treatment of trail commissions payable to mortgage brokers. Comparative information has not been restated. Refer to Note 1 Basis of preparation for
     further information.



Note 13
Deposits and other borrowings

  Accounting policy
  Deposits and other borrowings are initially recognised at fair value less directly attributable transaction costs and
  subsequently measured at amortised cost.



                                                                                                            Group                                Company
                                                                                                       2023               2022                 2023               2022
                                                                                                         $m                 $m                   $m                   $m
 Deposits and other borrowings
 Term deposits                                                                                      191,924            156,049             159,535             131,275
 On-demand and short-term deposits                                                                  299,969            310,347             272,035             281,021
 Certificates of deposit                                                                             55,290              48,555              55,290             48,555
 Deposits not bearing interest                                                                       95,491            100,289               82,754             89,029
 Commercial paper and other borrowings                                                               35,255              44,346              34,835             43,150
 Repurchase agreements(1)                                                                              4,191             23,940               4,192             23,931
 Total deposits and other borrowings                                                                682,120            683,526             608,641             616,961
 (1) During the 2023 financial year, the Group established a new portfolio of repurchase agreements, which is managed together with other financial instruments for
     short-term profit taking. These agreements are measured at fair value through profit or loss and are included in Note 16 Other financial liabilities.




184   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 14
Bonds, notes and subordinated debt

  Accounting policy
  Bonds, notes and subordinated debt are initially recognised at fair value less directly attributable transaction costs and             About
  subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Premiums, discounts and associated issue
  expenses are recognised using the effective interest method through the income statement from the date of issue.                    this report


                                                                                Group                       Company
                                                                             2023          2022            2023           2022


                                                                                                                                      Our business
                                                                               $m            $m             $m             $m
 Bonds, notes and subordinated debt


                                                                                                                                         in 2023
 Medium-term notes                                                         83,218         74,076         76,801         69,042
 Securitisation notes                                                       2,593          3,504              -                -
 Covered bonds                                                             30,093         23,511         27,787         22,440
 Subordinated medium-term notes                                            19,741         18,192         19,741         18,192
 Total bonds, notes and subordinated debt                                 135,645        119,283        124,329        109,674




                                                                                                                                         Creating value
 Issued bonds, notes and subordinated debt by currency
 AUD                                                                       40,873         37,972         38,245         34,432
 USD                                                                       46,363         37,002         40,838         32,727
 EUR                                                                       24,979         23,463         22,487         22,289
 GBP                                                                       10,342          8,240         10,389           8,298
 JPY                                                                        3,952          4,285          3,952           4,285

                                                                                                                                      Corporate
 CHF                                                                        3,756          3,589          3,011           2,908
 Other                                                                      5,380          4,732          5,407           4,735
 Total bonds, notes and subordinated debt                                 135,645        119,283        124,329        109,674       Governance
                                                                                                                                      Statement




                                                                                                                                         Risk


                                                                                                                                      management




                                                                                                                                        Report of


                                                                                                                                      the Directors




                                                                                                                                        Financial report




                                                                                                                                       Additional

                                                                                                                                      information




                                                                                                          2023 Annual Report   185
Notes to the financial statements

Note 14 Bonds, notes and subordinated debt (cont.)

Subordinated medium-term notes

                                                                                                                   Group                Company
          Notional amount
                 Currency                              First optional             Maturity                     2023          2022     2023         2022
 Currency      amount (m)(1)              Rate           call date(2)              date(3)                       $m            $m       $m           $m
 SGD                          450        Fixed                n/a              Matured 2023                         -         479         -         479
 AUD                          943         Float               n/a              Matured 2023                         -         942         -         942
 AUD                             20      Fixed                n/a              Buy-back 2023                        -          23         -          23
 AUD                             20      Fixed                n/a              Buy-back 2023                        -          23         -          23
 AUD                        1,000         Float              2024                    2029                      1,000         1,000    1,000        1,000
 CAD                        1,000        Fixed               2025                    2030                      1,080         1,061    1,080        1,061
 AUD                        1,250         Float              2025                    2030                      1,250         1,250    1,250        1,250
 USD                        1,500        Fixed                n/a                    2030                      1,785         1,806    1,785        1,806
 USD                        1,250        Fixed                n/a                    2031                      1,561         1,603    1,561        1,603
 GBP                          600        Fixed               2026                    2031                        994          858      994          858
 AUD                        1,175         Float              2026                    2031                      1,175         1,175    1,175        1,175
 AUD                          225        Fixed               2026                    2031                        205          201      205          201
 AUD                          275        Fixed               2027                    2032                        262          260      262          260
 JPY                       17,000        Fixed               2027                    2032                        174          180      174          180
 AUD                        1,000        Fixed               2027                    2032                      1,000         1,000    1,000        1,000
 AUD                          250         Float              2027                    2032                        250          250      250          250
 HKD                          382        Fixed               2027                    2032                         71           71       71           71
 AUD                          950        Fixed               2028                    2033                        950             -     950             -
 AUD                          300         Float              2028                    2033                        300             -     300             -
 HKD                          640        Fixed               2028                    2033                        122             -     122             -
 USD                        1,250        Fixed                n/a                    2033                      1,796             -    1,796            -
 USD                        1,500        Fixed               2029                    2034                      2,004         2,037    2,004        2,037
 AUD                          205        Fixed                n/a                    2035                        205          205      205          205
 USD                        1,250        Fixed               2032                    2037                      1,549         1,602    1,549        1,602
 AUD                             85      Fixed                n/a                    2037                         85           85       85           85
 AUD                          215        Fixed                n/a                    2040                        122          129      122          129
 AUD                          245        Fixed                n/a                    2040                        140          148      140          148
 AUD                          100        Fixed                n/a                    2040                         57           60       57           60
 USD                        1,250        Fixed                n/a                    2041                      1,206         1,346    1,206        1,346
 AUD                          195        Fixed                n/a                    2041                        195          195      195          195
 AUD                          203        Fixed                n/a                    2042                        203          203      203          203
 Total                                                                                                       19,741         18,192   19,741       18,192
 (1) Subordinated medium-term notes qualify as Tier 2 capital, in some cases subject to transitional Basel III treatment.
 (2) Reflects calendar year of first optional call date (subject to APRA's prior written approval).
 (3) Reflects calendar year of maturity date.




186    National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 15
Debt issues

  Accounting policy
  Convertible notes are initially recognised at fair value less directly attributable transaction costs and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.



                                                                                                                                                              Group                                    Company
                                                                                                                                                           2023              2022                     2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                                             $m               $m                       $m                       $m
 Debt issues
 Convertible notes                                                                                                                                         8,561             7,318                   8,561                   7,318
 Total debt issues                                                                                                                                         8,561             7,318                   8,561                   7,318


The table below highlights the key features of the Group’s debt issuances.

                                                                                                                                                                                              Maturity / Conversion
                                           Outstanding                                          Interest payment frequency                                                     Mandatory                  Issuer
 Convertible notes(1)                      amount                 Issued date                   (in arrears)                                 Interest rate (per annum)         conversion                 conversion option
 NAB Capital Notes 3                                $1.87bn       20 March 2019                 Quarterly                                    4.00% above 3 month BBSW          19 June 2028               17 June 2026
 NAB Capital Notes 5                                $2.39bn       17 December 2020              Quarterly                                    3.50% above 3 month BBSW          17 December 2029           17 December 2027
 NAB Capital Notes 6                                $2.00bn       7 July 2022                   Quarterly                                    3.15% above 3 month BBSW          17 September 2032          17 December 2029(2)
 NAB Capital Notes 7                                $1.25bn       14 September 2023             Quarterly                                    2.80% above 3 month BBSW          17 June 2033               17 September 2030(3)
 NAB Wholesale Capital Notes                         $500m        12 December 2019              Semi-annually until the optional             4.95% until the optional call     12 December 2031           12 December 2029
                                                                                                call date. Quarterly thereafter.             date. 3.75% above 3 month
                                                                                                                                             BBSW thereafter.
 NAB Wholesale Capital Notes 2                       $600m        17 July 2020                  Quarterly                                    4.00% above 3 month BBSW          17 July 2027               17 July 2025
 (1) All convertible notes are treated as AT1 capital.
 (2) First optional conversion date of 17 December 2029, with subsequent optional conversion dates on 17 March 2030, 17 June 2030 and 17 September 2030.
 (3) First optional conversion date of 17 September 2030, with subsequent optional conversion dates on 17 December 2030, 17 March 2031 and 17 June 2031.




                                                                                                                                                                                                             2023 Annual Report   187
Notes to the financial statements

Note 16
Other financial liabilities

   Accounting policy
   In certain circumstances, the Group applies the fair value measurement option to financial liabilities. This option is applied
   where an accounting mismatch is significantly reduced or eliminated by measuring the financial liability at fair value
   through profit or loss.
   Where liabilities are designated at fair value through profit or loss, they are initially recognised at fair value, with
   transaction costs recognised in the income statement as incurred. Subsequently, they are measured at fair value and
   any gains or losses are recognised in the income statement, with the exception of changes in own credit risk which are
   recognised in other comprehensive income.



                                                                                                            Group                                Company
                                                                                                       2023               2022                 2023               2022
                                                                                                         $m                 $m                   $m                   $m
 Other financial liabilities designated at fair value
 Bonds, notes and subordinated debt                                                                  13,741              15,061               4,371               4,479
 Deposits and other borrowings
   Certificates of deposit                                                                             1,477              1,463                     -                  -
   Commercial paper and other borrowings                                                                 854              2,016                     -                  -


 Other financial liabilities measured at fair value
 Repurchase agreements(1)                                                                            42,547                    -             39,860                    -
 Securities sold short                                                                                 6,697              3,575               6,476               3,310
 Other financial liabilities                                                                           1,036              1,171               1,038               1,171
 Total other financial liabilities                                                                   66,352              23,286              51,745               8,960
 (1) During the 2023 financial year, the Group established a new portfolio of repurchase agreements, which is managed together with other financial instruments for
     short-term profit taking and measured at fair value through profit or loss.


The change in fair value of bonds, notes and subordinated debt attributable to changes in credit risk amounted to a loss for
the 2023 financial year of $67 million (2022: $149 million gain) for the Group and a loss of $75 million (2022: $88 million gain) for
the Company. The cumulative change in fair value of bonds, notes and subordinated debt attributable to changes in credit risk
amounted to a loss of $79 million (2022: $12 million loss) for the Group and a loss of $39 million (2022: $35 million gain) for the
Company. The contractual amount to be paid at the maturity of the bonds, notes and subordinated debt is $14,964 million (2022:
$15,958 million) for the Group and $5,335 million (2022: $5,079 million) for the Company.




188   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 17
Provision for credit impairment on loans at amortised cost

  Accounting policy
  The Group applies a three-stage approach to measuring expected credit losses (ECL) for the following categories of                              About
  financial assets that are not measured at fair value through profit or loss:
  •    Debt instruments measured at amortised cost and fair value through other comprehensive income.                                          this report
  •    Loan commitments.
  •    Financial guarantee contracts.
  Exposures are assessed on a collective basis in each stage unless there is sufficient evidence that one or more events
  associated with an exposure could have a detrimental impact on estimated future cash flows. Where such evidence exists,

                                                                                                                                               Our business
  the exposure is assessed on an individual basis.



                                                                                                                                                  in 2023
      Stage                                       Measurement basis
      Performing - 12-month ECL (Stage 1)         The portion of lifetime ECL associated with the probability of default events
                                                  occurring within the next 12 months.
      Performing - Lifetime ECL (Stage 2)         ECL associated with the probability of default events occurring throughout
                                                  the life of an instrument.
      Non-performing - Lifetime                   Lifetime ECL, but interest revenue is measured based on the carrying




                                                                                                                                                  Creating value
      ECL(Stage 3)                                amount of the instrument net of the associated ECL.

  At each reporting date, the Group assesses the default risk of exposures in comparison to the default risk at initial
  recognition, to determine the stage that applies to the associated ECL measurement. If no significant increase in default
  risk is observed, the exposure will remain in Stage 1. If the default risk of an exposure has increased significantly since initial
  recognition, the exposure will migrate to Stage 2. Should an exposure become non-performing it will migrate to Stage 3.
  For this purpose, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue
  cost or effort. This includes quantitative and qualitative information and also forward looking analysis.
  ECL are derived from probability-weighted estimates of expected loss, and are measured as follows:                                           Corporate
  •    Financial assets that are performing at the reporting date: as the present value of all cash shortfalls over the expected
       life of the financial asset discounted by the effective interest rate. The cash shortfall is the difference between the                Governance
       cash flows due to the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive.                       Statement
  •    Financial assets that are non-performing at the reporting date: as the difference between the gross carrying amount
       and the present value of estimated future cash flows discounted by the effective interest rate.
  •    Undrawn loan commitments: as the present value of the difference between the contractual cash flows that are due to
       the Group if the commitment is drawn down and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive.

                                                                                                                                                  Risk
  •    Financial guarantee contracts: as the expected payments to reimburse the holder less any amounts that the Group
       expects to recover.

  Credit quality of financial assets                                                                                                           management
  The Group’s internally developed credit rating system utilises historical default data drawn from a number of sources to
  assess the potential default risk of lending, or other financial services products, provided to counterparties or customers.
  The Group has defined counterparty probabilities of default across retail and non-retail loans and advances, including
  performing (pre-default) and non-performing (post-default) rating grades. In assessing for credit impairment of financial

                                                                                                                                                 Report of
  assets under the ECL model, the Group aligns credit impairment with the definition of default prescribed in its Credit Policy
  and Procedures.


                                                                                                                                               the Directors
  Assessment of significant increase in credit risk
  When determining whether the default risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group considers both
  quantitative and qualitative information, including expert credit risk assessment, forward looking information and analysis
  based on the Group’s historical default experience.




                                                                                                                                                 Financial report
  •    For non-retail facilities, internally derived credit ratings, as described above, represent a key determinant of default
       risk. The Group assigns each customer a credit rating at initial recognition based on available information. Credit risk is
       deemed to have increased significantly if the credit rating has significantly deteriorated at the reporting date, relative
       to the credit rating at the date of initial recognition.




                                                                                                                                                Additional

                                                                                                                                               information




                                                                                                                 2023 Annual Report     189
Notes to the financial statements

Note 17 Provision for credit impairment on loans at amortised cost
        (cont.)
  •    Retail facilities use the number of days past due (DPD) or the relative change in probability of default at an account level,
       to determine whether or not there has been a significant increase in credit risk.
  •    In addition, the Group considers that significant increase in credit risk occurs when a facility is more than 30 DPD.

  Definition of default
  Default occurs when a loan obligation is contractually 90+ DPD, or when it is considered unlikely that the credit obligation to
  the Group will be paid in full without remedial action, such as realisation of security. Exposures which are in default align to
  the non-performing exposures definition in APS 220 Credit Risk Management.

  Calculation of ECL
  •    ECL are calculated using three main parameters being probability of default (PD), loss given default (LGD) and exposure
       at default (EAD). These parameters are generally derived from internally developed statistical models combined with
       historical, current and forward looking information, including macro-economic data.
  •    For accounting purposes, the 12-month and lifetime PD represent the expected point-in-time probability of a default
       over the next 12 months and remaining expected lifetime of the financial instrument, respectively, based on conditions
       existing at the balance sheet date and future economic conditions that affect credit risk.
  •    The LGD represents expected loss conditional on default, taking into account the mitigating effect of collateral, its
       expected value when realised and the time value of money.
  •    The EAD represents the expected exposure at default, taking into account the repayment of principal and interest from
       the balance sheet date to the default event together with any expected drawdown of a facility.
  •    The 12-month ECL is equal to the discounted sum over the next 12-months of monthly PD multiplied by LGD and EAD.
       Lifetime ECL is calculated using the discounted sum of monthly PD over the expected remaining life multiplied by LGD
       and EAD.

  Incorporation of forward looking information
  •    The Group uses internal subject matter experts from Risk, Economics and customer divisions to consider a range of
       relevant forward looking data, including macro-economic forecasts and assumptions, for the determination of general
       economic adjustments and any idiosyncratic or targeted portfolio / industry adjustments, to support the calculation
       of ECL.
  •    Forward looking provisions for both general macro-economic adjustments (EA) and more targeted portfolio / industry
       forward looking adjustments (FLAs), reflect reasonable and supportable forecasts of potential future conditions that
       are not captured within the base ECL calculations.
  •    Macro-economic factors taken into consideration include (but are not limited to) the cash rate, unemployment rates,
       GDP growth rates, inflation and residential and commercial property prices, and require an evaluation of both the
       current and forecast direction of the macro-economic cycle.
  •    Incorporating forward looking information, including macro-economic forecasts, increases the degree of judgement
       required to assess how changes in these data points will affect ECL. The methodologies and assumptions, including any
       forecasts of future economic conditions, are reviewed regularly.

  Critical accounting judgements and estimates
  Judgement is applied in determining ECL using objective, reasonable and supportable information about current and
  forecast economic conditions. Macro-economic variables used in these scenarios include (but are not limited to)
  the cash rate, unemployment rates, GDP growth rates, inflation and residential and commercial property prices. When
  determining whether the risk of default has increased significantly since initial recognition, both quantitative and
  qualitative information is considered, including expert credit assessment, forward looking information and analysis based
  on the Group’s historical loss experience.




190   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 17 Provision for credit impairment on loans at amortised cost
        (cont.)
                                                                                                          Group                                Company
                                                                                                    2023                  2022              2023           2022

                                                                                                                                                                            About
                                                                                                     $m                    $m                  $m            $m
 Credit impairment charge on loans at amortised cost

                                                                                                                                                                         this report
 New and increased provisions (net of collective provision releases)                               1,043                   355               820            257
 Write-backs of specific provisions                                                                 (148)                 (161)              (93)           (147)
 Recoveries of specific provisions                                                                   (79)                  (70)              (73)               (62)
 Total charge to the income statement                                                                816                   124               654                48



                                                                                                                                                                         Our business
                                                                                              Stage 1       Stage 2                  Stage 3
                                                                                           Performing Performing
                                                                                               12-mth    Lifetime                 Non-performing

                                                                                                                                                                            in 2023
                                                                                                  ECL         ECL                  Lifetime ECL
                                                                                            Collective    Collective       Collective       Specific
                                                                                             provision     provision        provision      provision       Total
 Group                                                                                             $m              $m               $m              $m       $m
 Balance at 1 October 2021                                                                        256          3,376                889             650    5,171




                                                                                                                                                                            Creating value
 Changes due to financial assets recognised in the opening balance
 that have:
   Transferred to performing - 12-mth ECL - collective provision                                  238             (221)             (17)              -           -
   Transferred to performing - Lifetime ECL - collective provision                                 (39)            155             (116)              -           -
   Transferred to non-performing - Lifetime ECL - collective provision                              (1)            (47)              48               -           -
   Transferred to non-performing - Lifetime ECL - specific provision                                 -             (25)             (45)             70           -
 New and increased provisions (net of collective provision releases)                               (42)             22               47             328     355
 Write-backs of specific provisions                                                                  -               -                -         (161)       (161)
 Write-offs from specific provisions                                                                 -               -                -         (362)       (362)        Corporate
 Foreign currency translation and other adjustments(1)                                             36               16               11             (10)        53      Governance
 Balance as at 30 September 2022                                                                  448          3,276                817             515    5,056
 Changes due to financial assets recognised in the opening balance
                                                                                                                                                                         Statement
 that have:
   Transferred to performing - 12-mth ECL - collective provision                                  247             (234)             (13)              -           -
   Transferred to performing - Lifetime ECL - collective provision                                (26)            104               (78)              -           -


                                                                                                                                                                            Risk
   Transferred to non-performing - Lifetime ECL - collective provision                             (1)             (49)              50               -           -
   Transferred to non-performing - Lifetime ECL - specific provision                                 -             (14)             (46)            60            -


                                                                                                                                                                         management
 New and increased provisions (net of collective provision releases)                             (143)            428               242          516       1,043
 Write-backs of specific provisions                                                                  -               -                -         (148)      (148)
 Write-offs from specific provisions                                                                 -               -                -         (409)      (409)
 Foreign currency translation and other adjustments                                                 4               29                5              5          43
 Balance as at 30 September 2023                                                                  529         3,540                 977          539       5,585


                                                                                                                                                                           Report of
 (1) Includes the impact on provisions of the acquisition of the Citi consumer business.


Impact of movements in gross carrying amount on provision for ECL for the Group

                                                                                                                                                                         the Directors
Provision for credit impairment reflects ECL measured using the three-stage approach. The following explains how significant
changes in the gross carrying amount of loans and advances during the 2023 financial year have contributed to the changes in
the provision for credit impairment for the Group under the ECL model.
Overall, the total provision for credit impairment increased by $529 million compared to the balance as at 30 September 2022.




                                                                                                                                                                           Financial report
Specific provisions increased by $24 million compared to the balance as at 30 September 2022, mainly due to new and increased
specific provisions in the Business and Private Banking business lending portfolio, partially offset by work-outs for a small number
of larger exposures in the business lending portfolio in Australia and New Zealand.




                                                                                                                                                                          Additional

                                                                                                                                                                         information




                                                                                                                                           2023 Annual Report     191
Notes to the financial statements

Note 17 Provision for credit impairment on loans at amortised cost
        (cont.)
Collective provisions increased by $505 million compared to the balance as at 30 September 2022, comprised of:
Collective provision performing – 12-months ECL (Stage 1) increased by $81 million as a result of:
•    $149 billion of loans and advances that were newly originated or migrated into Stage 1 from Stage 2 or Stage 3 due to credit
     quality improvement.
This was partially offset by:
•    $120 billion of loans and advances that were repaid, experienced movement in underlying account balances during the period
     or migrated from Stage 1 to Stage 2 or Stage 3 due to deterioration in credit quality.
•    A decrease in net forward looking provisions.
Collective provision performing – Lifetime ECL (Stage 2) increased by $264 million as a result of:
•    $72 billion of loans and advances that were originated and migrated over the year to Stage 2, including the impact of forward
     looking economic information applied in the ECL model or migrating into Stage 2 as a result of loans and advances transferred
     from Stage 1 or Stage 3.
This was partially offset by:
•    $86 billion of loans and advances that migrated to Stage 1 as a result of improved credit quality or into Stage 3 due to
     deterioration in credit quality, were repaid or experienced movement in underlying account balances during the period.
•    A decrease in net forward looking provisions.
Collective provision non-performing - Lifetime ECL (Stage 3) increased by $160 million as a result of:
•    $5 billion of loans and advances that experienced movement in underlying account balances during the period or were
     transferred into Stage 3 from Stage 1 and Stage 2 due to credit quality deterioration.
This was partially offset by:
•    $4 billion of loans and advances that were repaid or migrated to Stage 1 or Stage 2 due to credit quality improvement or
     migrated to individually credit assessed with specific provisions raised.
•    A decrease in net forward looking provisions.

ECL scenario analysis
The Group’s ECL measurement is derived from a probability weighted average of three distinct scenarios (base case, upside
and downside) applied across each of the Group’s major loan portfolios, in addition to FLAs for emerging risk at an industry,
geography or segment level. The probability of each scenario is determined by considering relevant macro-economic outlooks
and their likely impact on the Group’s credit portfolio.
The following table shows the key macro-economic variables for the Australian economy used in the base case and downside
scenarios as at 30 September 2023.

                                                                    Base case                                    Downside
                                                                   Financial year                              Financial year
                                                           2024           2025        2026           2024             2025      2026
                                                              %              %           %                %                 %       %
    GDP change (year ended September)                        0.8            2.0         2.6           (1.2)            (2.6)      2.8
    Unemployment (as at 30 September)                        4.7            4.7         4.5              4.7            7.9       9.1
    House price change (year ended September)                4.1            3.3         3.0          (24.5)           (20.3)      5.5


The following table shows the reported total provisions for ECL based on the probability weighting of scenarios, with the
sensitivity range reflecting the ECL impacts assuming a 100% weighting is applied to the base case scenario or the downside
scenario (with all other assumptions held constant).

                                                                                                                        Group
                                                                                                                    2023        2022
                                                                                                                      $m         $m
    Total provisions for ECL
    Probability weighted                                                                                            5,585       5,056
    100% Base case                                                                                                  4,000       4,292
    100% Downside                                                                                                   7,546       6,008


Applying the average provision coverage ratios by stage, if 1% of the Group's Stage 1 gross loans and advances, contingent
liabilities and credit commitments were included as Stage 2 the provision for ECL as at September 2023 would increase by
$111 million (September 2022: $90 million).
Applying the average provision coverage ratios by stage, if 1% of the Group's Stage 2 gross loans and advances, contingent
liabilities and credit commitments were included as Stage 1 the provision for ECL as at September 2023 would decrease by
$34 million (September 2022: $31 million).




192    National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 17 Provision for credit impairment on loans at amortised cost
        (cont.)
The table below shows weightings applied to the Australian portfolio to derive the probability weighted ECL.

                                                                                                                                          2023            2022
                                                                                                                                              %                %          About

                                                                                                                                                                       this report
    Macro-economics scenario weightings
    Upside                                                                                                                                   2.5              2.5
    Base case                                                                                                                             52.5             52.5
    Downside                                                                                                                              45.0             45.0




                                                                                                                                                                       Our business
•    The September 2023 provisions for ECL in the 100% base case have decreased since September 2022 primarily due to an
     improved economic outlook. This was partially offset by deterioration in asset quality across the Group’s lending portfolio
     combined with volume growth and updated methodology in Business and Private Banking.

                                                                                                                                                                          in 2023
•    The September 2023 provisions for ECL in the 100% downside scenario have increased since September 2022 primarily due
     to an increase in the severity of the stress applied in the downside scenario and deterioration in asset quality across the
     Group’s lending portfolio combined with volume growth and updated methodology in Business and Private Banking.
•    The upside, downside and base case scenario weightings for the Australian portfolio have remained constant compared with
     September 2022.




                                                                                                                                                                          Creating value
The table below provides a breakdown of the probability weighted ECL by key portfolios:

                                                                                                                                              Group
                                                                                                                                          2023            2022
                                                                                                                                             $m             $m
    Total provision for ECL for key portfolios
    Housing                                                                                                                              1,424            1,296
    Business                                                                                                                             3,744            3,429
    Others                                                                                                                                 417             331         Corporate
    Total                                                                                                                                5,585            5,056       Governance
                                                                                                                                                                       Statement
                                                                                                 Stage 1       Stage 2             Stage 3
                                                                                              Performing Performing
                                                                                                  12-mth    Lifetime          Non-performing
                                                                                                     ECL         ECL           Lifetime ECL
                                                                                               Collective    Collective    Collective     Specific

                                                                                                                                                                          Risk
                                                                                                provision     provision     provision    provision        Total
    Company                                                                                           $m            $m            $m               $m       $m


                                                                                                                                                                       management
    Balance at 1 October 2021                                                                        203          2,872          806               526    4,407
    Changes due to financial assets recognised in the opening balance
    that have:
     Transferred to performing - 12-mth ECL - collective provision                                   210           (196)          (14)               -         -
     Transferred to performing - Lifetime ECL - collective provision                                  (31)         143           (112)               -         -


                                                                                                                                                                         Report of
     Transferred to non-performing - Lifetime ECL - collective provision                               (1)          (38)          39                 -         -
     Transferred to non-performing - Lifetime ECL - specific provision                                  -           (23)          (39)              62         -
    New and increased provisions (net of collective provision releases)                               (39)          (54)          51               299     257
    Write-backs of specific provisions                                                                  -             -             -          (147)       (147)
                                                                                                                                                                       the Directors
    Write-offs from specific provisions                                                                 -             -             -          (294)       (294)
    Foreign currency translation and other adjustments(1)                                             43            54            16                (4)    109
    Balance as at 30 September 2022                                                                  385          2,758          747               442    4,332




                                                                                                                                                                         Financial report
    Changes due to financial assets recognised in the opening balance
    that have:
     Transferred to performing - 12-mth ECL - collective provision                                   223          (212)          (11)                -         -
     Transferred to performing - Lifetime ECL - collective provision                                 (18)           88           (70)                -         -
     Transferred to non-performing - Lifetime ECL - collective provision                              (1)          (42)           43                 -         -
     Transferred to non-performing - Lifetime ECL - specific provision                                  -          (11)          (32)              43          -
    New and increased provisions (net of collective provision releases)                             (135)          360           160           435         820
    Write-backs of specific provisions                                                                  -             -             -              (93)    (93)


                                                                                                                                                                        Additional
    Write-offs from specific provisions                                                                 -             -             -         (367)       (367)
    Foreign currency translation and other adjustments                                                  -             -             -                1         1

                                                                                                                                                                       information
    Balance as at 30 September 2023                                                                  454         2,941           837           461        4,693
    (1) Includes the impact on provisions of the acquisition of the Citi consumer business.




                                                                                                                                         2023 Annual Report     193
Notes to the financial statements

Note 17 Provision for credit impairment on loans at amortised cost
        (cont.)
Impact of movements in gross carrying amount on provision for ECL for the Company
Provision for credit impairment reflects ECL measured using the three-stage approach. The following explains how significant
changes in the gross carrying amount of loans and advances during the 2023 financial year have contributed to the changes in
the provision for credit impairment for the Company under the ECL model.
Overall, the total provision for credit impairment increased by $361 million compared to the balance as at 30 September 2022.
Specific provisions increased by $19 million compared to the balance as at 30 September 2022, mainly due to new and increased
specific provisions in the Business and Private Banking business lending portfolio, partially offset by work-outs for a small number
of larger exposures in the Australian business lending portfolio.
Collective provisions increased by $342 million compared to the balance as at 30 September 2022, comprised of:
Collective provision performing – 12-months ECL (Stage 1) increased by $69 million due to:
•     $131 billion of loans and advances that were newly originated or migrated into Stage 1 from Stage 2 or Stage 3 due to credit
      quality improvement.
This was partially offset by:
•     $105 billion of loans and advances that were repaid, experienced movement in underlying account balances during the period
      or migrated from Stage 1 to Stage 2 or Stage 3 due to deterioration in credit quality.
•     A decrease in net forward looking provisions.
Collective provision performing – Lifetime ECL (Stage 2) increased by $183 million due to:
•     $60 billion of loans and advances that were originated and migrated over the year to Stage 2, including the impact of forward
      looking economic information applied in the ECL model or migrating into Stage 2 as a result of loans and advances transferred
      from Stage 1 or Stage 3.
This was partially offset by:
•     $72 billion of loans and advances that were repaid, experienced movement in underlying account balances during the period,
      migrated to Stage 1 as a result of improved credit quality or into Stage 3 due to deterioration in credit quality.
•     A decrease in net forward looking provisions.
Collective provision non-performing - Lifetime ECL (Stage 3) increased by $90 million due to:
•     $4 billion of existing loans and advances that were transferred into Stage 3 from Stage 1 and Stage 2 due to credit quality
      deterioration or experienced movement in underlying account balances during the period.
This was partially offset by:
•     $3 billion of loan and advances that were repaid, migrated to Stage 1 or Stage 2 due to credit quality improvement or migrated
      to individually credit assessed with specific provisions raised.
•     A decrease in net forward looking provisions.

Write-offs still under enforcement activity
The contractual amount outstanding on loans and advances that were written off during the 2023 financial year, which are still
subject to enforcement activity was $9 million (2022: $68 million) for the Group and $8 million (2022: $45 million) for the Company.

Information about gross impaired assets
Stage 3 non-performing exposures include both default but not impaired and gross impaired assets. The following table provides
details on gross impaired assets. Gross amounts are shown before taking into account any collateral held or other credit
enhancements. Refer to Note 19 Financial risk management for analysis of the credit quality of the Group’s loans and advances,
including by provision stage.

                                                                                                                       Group                                   Company
                                                                                                                  2023                2022                   2023                2022
                                                                                                                    $m                   $m                    $m                  $m
    Summary of gross impaired assets
    Gross impaired assets(1)                                                                                     1,260                1,029                   853                  878
    Specific provision for credit impairment(2)                                                                   (539)                (531)                 (461)                (442)
    Net impaired assets(3)                                                                                          721                 498                   392                  436
    (1) Gross impaired assets include $nil (2022: $29 million) for the Group and $nil (2022: $nil) for the Company of gross impaired loans at fair value, $10 million (2022: $7 million)
        of impaired off-balance sheet credit exposures for the Group and $7 million (2022: $6 million) for the Company.
    (2) Specific provision for credit impairment includes $nil (2022: $16 million) for the Group and $nil (2022: $nil) for the Company of fair value credit adjustments on loans at
        fair value.
    (3) The fair value of security in respect of impaired assets is $498 million (2022: $499 million) for the Group and $433 million (2022: $444 million) for the Company. Fair value
        amounts of security held in excess of the outstanding balance of individual impaired assets are not included in these amounts.




194      National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 18
Derivatives and hedge accounting

  Accounting policy
  Trading derivatives
  Trading derivatives are not in a qualifying hedging relationship and are measured at fair value through profit or loss.
  Hedge accounting
  The Group utilises the following types of hedge relationships in managing its exposure to risk. At inception of all hedge relationships the Group documents the relationship between
  the hedging instrument and hedged item, the risk being hedged, the Group’s risk management objective and strategy and how effectiveness will be measured throughout the
  hedge relationship.

                                                     Cash flow hedge                                                        Fair value hedge
   Objective                                         To hedge changes to cash flows arising from interest rate and          To hedge fair value changes to recognised assets and
                                                     foreign currency risk.                                                 liabilities arising from interest rate and foreign currency risk.
   Methods for testing hedge effectiveness           Critical terms matching, regression analysis or cumulative             Critical terms matching or cumulative dollar offset.
                                                     dollar offset.
   Potential sources of ineffectiveness              Primarily mismatches in terms of the hedged item and the               Primarily mismatches in terms of the hedged item and the
                                                     hedging instrument.                                                    hedging instrument, prepayment risk and reset risk.
                                                     Discounting basis between the hedged item and                          Discounting basis between the hedged item and
                                                     hedging instrument.                                                    hedging instrument.
   Recognition of effective hedge portion            Fair value changes of the hedging instrument associated with           Fair value changes of the hedging instrument and those arising
                                                     the hedged risk are recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve          from the hedged risk on the hedged item are recognised in the
                                                     in equity.                                                             income statement.
   Recognition of ineffective hedge portion                                             Recognised in the income statement as ineffectiveness arises.
   Hedging instrument expires, is sold, or           Transferred to the income statement as / when the hedged            Cumulative hedge adjustment to the hedged item is amortised
   when hedging criteria are no longer met           item affects the income statement. If the hedged item is no         to the income statement on an effective yield basis.
                                                     longer expected to occur the effective portion accumulated in
                                                     equity is transferred to the income statement immediately.
   Cost of hedging reserve                           For qualifying hedging instruments, the Group excludes foreign currency basis spreads from hedge designations. Any change
                                                     in the fair value of these hedging instruments for changes in cross currency basis spreads is deferred to the cost of hedging
                                                     reserve and released to profit or loss either when the hedged exposure affects profit or loss or on a systematic basis over the life
                                                     of the hedge. The cumulative movements are expected to be nil by maturity of the hedging instruments.




                                                                                                                                                                               2023 Annual Report   195
Notes to the financial statements

Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting (cont.)

Derivative assets and liabilities
The tables below set out total derivative assets and liabilities disclosed as trading and hedging derivatives.

Total derivatives

                                                                                             Group                                                  Company
                                                                            Assets                          Liabilities                Assets                    Liabilities
                                                                         2023            2022             2023             2022     2023         2022          2023             2022
                                                                           $m             $m                $m              $m        $m          $m             $m              $m
 Trading derivatives                                                   30,770          53,429            31,122           50,729   31,079       54,932        33,587           53,397
 Hedging derivatives                                                    3,499           7,587             4,511            6,757    2,705        5,719         2,523            4,097
 Total derivatives                                                     34,269          61,016            35,633           57,486   33,784       60,651        36,110           57,494


Trading derivatives

                                                                                             Group                                                  Company
                                                                            Assets                          Liabilities                Assets                    Liabilities
                                                                         2023            2022             2023             2022     2023         2022          2023             2022
                                                                           $m             $m                $m              $m        $m          $m             $m              $m
 Foreign exchange rate-related contracts
   Spot and forward contracts                                          11,514          26,167            10,284           21,887   11,209       24,668        10,022           20,612
   Cross currency swaps                                                 8,656          15,825             7,969           14,418   10,545       19,941        11,446           19,076
   Options / swaptions                                                    138             427              133              400      136          431           133              400
 Total foreign exchange rate-related contracts                         20,308          42,419            18,386           36,705   21,890       45,040        21,601           40,088
 Interest rate-related contracts
   Swaps                                                                8,710           8,444            10,671           10,903    7,429        7,320         9,919           10,184
   Options / swaptions                                                  1,148           1,045             1,393            1,356    1,148        1,045         1,389            1,352
 Total interest rate-related contracts                                  9,858           9,489            12,064           12,259    8,577        8,365        11,308           11,536
   Credit derivatives                                                     146             234              134              157      146          234           134              157
   Commodity derivatives                                                  453           1,268              533             1,592     461         1,274          541             1,600
   Other derivatives                                                        5              19                    5           16        5           19             3               16
 Total trading derivatives                                             30,770          53,429            31,122           50,729   31,079       54,932        33,587           53,397




196   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting (cont.)

Risk management strategy for hedge accounting

Overview
The Group’s hedging strategy is to manage its exposure to interest rate risk on a net variable basis in Australian or New Zealand dollars. For Australian and New Zealand denominated
exposures the Group will enter into interest rate swaps where the exposure is to a fixed interest rate. In some instances, cash flow hedges of interest rate risk are also used to arrive at a
net variable rate position. Foreign currency exposures are swapped to Australian or New Zealand dollars using cross-currency swaps and interest rate swaps. The material risks and the risk
management strategy are explained further below.

Cash flow hedges – interest rate risk
The Group manages interest rate risk exposure on deposits and loans via interest rate derivatives. The Group accounts for these hedge relationships as a macro cash flow hedge. The gross
exposures are allocated to time buckets based on expected repricing dates, with interest rate derivatives allocated to hedge accordingly. The benchmark interest rate is hedged which
represents the largest component of changes in fair value and is observable in relevant financial markets.

Cash flow hedges – foreign currency risk
The Group is exposed to foreign currency risk on credit margin cash flows and foreign currency risk on the principal cash flows, both of which arise from foreign currency debt issuances.
The Group uses foreign currency derivatives to manage changes between the foreign currency and Australian and New Zealand dollars for the above mentioned cash flows.

Fair value hedges – interest rate risk
Interest rate risk arises on fixed rate bonds, notes and subordinated debt issuances, fixed rate debt instruments held for liquidity purposes and fixed rate loans and advances. The Group
hedges its interest rate risk on these instruments with relevant interest rate derivatives to reduce its exposure to changes in fair value due to interest rate fluctuations.
Hedging relationships are predominantly one-to-one, with the exception of fixed rate housing loans which were previously designated on a macro basis until de-designation in the 2022
financial year.
With all the fair value hedges, the benchmark interest rate is hedged which represents the largest component of changes in fair value and is observable in relevant financial markets.




                                                                                                                                                                          2023 Annual Report   197
Notes to the financial statements

Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting (cont.)

Hedging derivatives
Hedging derivative assets and liabilities are disclosed by the hedged risk and type of hedge relationship in which they are designated. The Group may designate separate derivatives to
hedge different risk components of one hedged item. In such scenario the notional amount of hedging derivatives will, in sum, exceed the notional amount of the hedged item. In the case of
cross-currency swaps, the Group can designate a single instrument to hedge both interest rate risk in a fair value hedge and currency risk in a cash flow hedge.

                                                                                                                                          Group                                          Company
                                                                                                                              2023                    2022                    2023                     2022
                                                                                                                       Carrying                Carrying                Carrying                Carrying
                                                                                                                        amount    Notional      amount    Notional      amount    Notional      amount     Notional
                                                       Hedging instrument                              Risk                 $m           $m         $m          $m          $m           $m         $m           $m
 Derivative assets
 Cash flow hedges                                       Interest rate swaps                          Interest                 -      177,400          -      160,449          -      159,050           -      144,670
 Cash flow hedges                                     Cross-currency swaps                           Currency             3,370       90,389      7,340      119,820      2,576       70,629       5,493       93,038
 Cash flow hedges                                 Foreign exchange contracts                         Currency               98         7,908       212         6,257        98         7,908        212         6,257
 Fair value hedges                                      Interest rate swaps                          Interest               28        67,540        19        75,768        28        65,635         11        73,012
 Fair value and cash flow hedges                      Cross-currency swaps                     Interest and currency         1           21         16          475          1           21           3          167
 Cash flow hedges                                             Futures(1)                             Interest                2         1,866          -          59          2         1,866           -          59
 Total derivative assets                                                                                                  3,499      345,124      7,587      362,828      2,705      305,109       5,719      317,203


 Derivative liabilities
 Cash flow hedges                                       Interest rate swaps                          Interest                3       165,627         5       206,451         3       152,929          5       201,808
 Cash flow hedges                                     Cross-currency swaps                           Currency             2,580       94,734      4,152       64,945      1,844       56,839       3,513       49,626
 Cash flow hedges                                 Foreign exchange contracts                         Currency              151        15,864         1          506        151        15,864          1          506
 Fair value hedges                                      Interest rate swaps                          Interest              425       108,249       383       108,169       290        81,548        279        90,448
 Fair value and cash flow hedges                      Cross-currency swaps                     Interest and currency      1,352        6,773      2,209        8,589       235         1,934        292         2,612
 Cash flow hedges(2)                                          Futures(1)                             Interest                 -         465          7         1,128          -         465           7         1,128
 Total derivative liabilities                                                                                             4,511      391,712      6,757      389,788      2,523      309,579       4,097      346,128
 (1) Futures notional amounts are netted for presentation purposes.
 (2) Comparative information has been restated to align to the presentation in the current period.




198   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting (cont.)

The following table shows the maturity profile of hedging instruments based on their notional amounts.

                                                                                                           2023                                                  2022
                                                                              0 to 12                                                       0 to 12
                                                                             months            1 to 5 years       Over 5 years     Total   months     1 to 5 years      Over 5 years             Total
                                                                                   $m                    $m                $m        $m        $m             $m                 $m                $m
 Group
 Interest rate swaps                                                         235,775                 229,751           53,290    518,816   247,746        245,893             57,198           550,837
 Foreign exchange contracts                                                    23,714                    58                  -    23,772      6,622           141                  -              6,763
 Futures(1)(2)                                                                  1,681                   650                  -     2,331       892            295                  -              1,187
 Cross-currency swaps - interest and currency                                     744                  5,746              304      6,794      3,178         5,144               742               9,064
 Cross-currency swaps - currency                                               28,518                120,530           36,075    185,123    37,059        104,868             42,838           184,765


 Company
 Interest rate swaps                                                         220,232                 191,754           47,176    459,162   241,175        216,746             52,017           509,938
 Foreign exchange contracts                                                    23,714                    58                  -    23,772      6,622           141                  -              6,763
 Futures(1)                                                                     1,681                   650                  -     2,331       892            295                  -              1,187
 Cross-currency swaps - interest and currency                                     404                  1,247              304      1,955      1,358           982               439               2,779
 Cross-currency swaps - currency                                               26,676                 75,784           25,008    127,468    33,441         75,627             33,596           142,664
 (1) Futures notional amounts are netted for presentation purposes.
 (2) Comparative information has been restated to align to the presentation in the current period.




                                                                                                                                                                                  2023 Annual Report   199
Notes to the financial statements

Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting (cont.)

The average rate for major currencies of the final exchange of cross-currency swaps designated in hedge accounting relationships is as follows:

                                                                                                                                          Group                                 Company
                                                                                                                                      2023               2022                 2023              2022
 USD:AUD                                                                                                                              1.416              1.362                1.412             1.361
 EUR:AUD                                                                                                                              1.514              1.497                1.546             1.551
 GBP:AUD                                                                                                                              1.867              1.868                1.861             1.863
 USD:NZD                                                                                                                              1.488              1.458                  n/a               n/a
 CHF:NZD                                                                                                                              1.554              1.554                  n/a               n/a
 EUR:NZD                                                                                                                              1.715              1.683                  n/a               n/a


The average executed rate for interest rate swaps in hedge accounting relationships for major currencies is as follows:

                                                                                   Group                                                                      Company
                                                                  2023                                  2022                                  2023                                 2022
                                                        Fair value        Cash flow          Fair value          Cash flow         Fair value         Cash flow          Fair value       Cash flow
                                                          hedges            hedges             hedges              hedges            hedges             hedges             hedges           hedges
                                                                 %                 %                   %                   %                  %                  %                %                 %
 NZD interest rates                                    1.95 to 3.05      0.04 to 7.30       1.95 to 4.50       (0.01) to 4.87    1.95 to 3.05                    -      1.95 to 3.05                -
 USD interest rates                                    0.61 to 4.85                 -       0.61 to 2.96                   -     0.61 to 2.73                    -      0.61 to 2.73                -
 AUD interest rates                                    0.40 to 4.37      0.06 to 7.02       0.40 to 7.13        0.06 to 7.29     0.40 to 3.99        0.06 to 7.02       0.40 to 7.13      0.06 to 7.29
 EUR interest rates                                  (0.22) to 3.71                 -      (0.22) to 2.61                  -    (0.22) to 2.61                   -   (0.22) to 2.61                 -




200   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting (cont.)

Hedged items
The balance of the cash flow hedge reserve, which represents the effective portion of the movements in the hedging instrument, is presented in Note 29 Reserves. The movements in
hedging instruments recognised in other comprehensive income are reported in the Group’s Statement of other comprehensive income. As at 30 September, the amounts recognised in the
cash flow hedge reserve for which hedge accounting is no longer applied is a loss of $11 million (2022: loss of $14 million).
The following table shows the carrying amount of fair value hedged items in hedge relationships, and the accumulated amount of fair value hedge adjustments in these carrying amounts. The
Group does not hedge its entire exposure to a class of financial instruments, therefore the carrying amounts below do not equal the total carrying amounts disclosed in other notes.

                                                                                              Group                                                                                                Company
                                                                      2023                                              2022                                                2023                                               2022
                                                                                  Fair value                                         Fair value                                          Fair value                                         Fair value
                                                            Carrying                 hedge                    Carrying                  hedge                     Carrying                  hedge                    Carrying                  hedge
                                                             amount            adjustments                     amount             adjustments                      amount             adjustments                     amount             adjustments
                                                                   $m                       $m                       $m                       $m                         $m                       $m                        $m                       $m
 Debt instruments(1)
 Semi-government bonds, notes
 and securities                                               22,872                          -                  19,075                          -                   22,872                          -                  19,075                           -


 Loans and advances
 Housing loans(2)                                                 (13)                     (13)                      (26)                      (26)                         -                        -                        -                          -
 Other term lending                                               763                      (54)                      984                       (55)                     763                       (54)                     984                         (55)


 Bonds, notes and
 subordinated debt
 Medium-term notes                                            46,451                    (2,876)                  41,765                    (2,698)                   40,033                   (2,348)                   36,730                    (2,204)
 Covered bonds     (3)
                                                              22,969                    (1,463)                  18,126                    (1,219)                          -                        -                        -                          -
 Subordinated medium-term notes                               13,128                    (2,906)                  11,887                    (2,464)                   13,128                   (2,906)                   11,887                    (2,464)
 (1) The carrying amount of debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income does not include a fair value hedge adjustment as the hedged asset is measured at fair value. The accounting for the hedge relationship results in a transfer
     from other comprehensive income to the income statement.
 (2) On 1 April 2022, BNZ discontinued portfolio fair value hedge accounting for its housing loans. The carrying amount represents the accumulated unamortised portion of the fair value hedge adjustment which will be amortised to profit or loss over the
     remaining term of the loans. The amount that has ceased to be adjusted for hedging gains and losses is a loss of $13 million (2022: loss of $26 million) for the Group and $nil (2022: $nil) for the Company.
 (3) The Company does not apply hedge accounting to covered bonds, however these are designated for hedge accounting purposes at the Group level.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2023 Annual Report     201
Notes to the financial statements

Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting (cont.)

Hedge ineffectiveness
Fair value and cash flow hedge relationships result in the following changes in value used as the basis for recognising hedge
ineffectiveness for the years ended 30 September:

                                                                                                                                    Hedge ineffectiveness
                                                          Change in fair value on                  Change in fair value on               recognised in
                                                           hedging instruments                        hedged items                    income statement
                                                                2023               2022                2023            2022               2023          2022
                                                                  $m                 $m                  $m             $m                 $m                $m
 Group
 Fair value hedges (interest rate risk)                       (1,660)             (4,259)              1,610          4,286                (50)              27
 Cash flow hedges (interest rate risk)                            151             (2,748)               (149)         2,749                  2                 1
 Cash flow hedges (currency risk)                               3,065              2,836              (3,038)         (2,806)               27               30
 Fair value and Cash flow hedges
 (interest rate and currency risk)                                 21                 (73)               (21)              73                -                 -
 Total                                                          1,577             (4,244)             (1,598)         4,302                (21)              58


 Company
 Fair value hedges (interest rate risk)                       (1,488)             (1,966)              1,439          1,970                (49)                4
 Cash flow hedges (interest rate risk)                            352             (3,004)               (352)         3,004                  -                 -
 Cash flow hedges (currency risk)                               1,502              2,701              (1,480)         (2,674)               22               27
 Total                                                            366             (2,269)               (393)         2,300                (27)              31


                                                                                                                       Group                      Company
                                                                                                                    2023        2022         2023       2022
                                                                                                                     $m           $m              $m         $m
 Cash flow hedge (interest rate risk)
 Cash flow hedges - gains / (losses) recognised in other comprehensive income(1)                                    (292)       (2,509)      (357)      (2,804)
 Amount reclassified from the cash flow hedge reserve to income statement(1)                                         427         (205)           711        (200)
 (1) Comparative information has been restated to align to the disclosure in the current period.


                                                                                                                       Group                      Company
                                                                                                                    2023        2022         2023       2022
                                                                                                                     $m           $m              $m         $m
 Cash flow hedge (currency risk)
 Cash flow hedges - gains / (losses) recognised in other comprehensive income                                      3,034        2,787        1,480      2,674
 Amount reclassified from the cash flow hedge reserve to income statement                                         (3,103)       (2,583)     (1,531)     (2,483)




202   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 19
Financial risk management
Overview of Risk Management Framework
Risk is the potential for harm and an inherent part of the Group's business. The Group's ability to manage risk effectively is critical
to being a safe and secure bank that can serve customers well and help our communities prosper. The Group's risk management                     About
is in line with APRA Prudential Standard CPS 220 Risk Management.
The Group's Risk Management Framework (RMF) consists of systems, structures, policies, processes and people within the                       this report
Group that manage the Group's material risks. The RMF is comprehensively reviewed every three years for appropriateness,
effectiveness and adequacy by an operationally independent party. The Board is ultimately responsible for the Risk Management
Framework and oversees its operation by management. In addition, directors and senior executives are held accountable for the
parts of the Group’s operations they manage or control.


                                                                                                                                             Our business
The Group applies a 'Three Lines of Accountability' operating model in relation to the management of risk. The overarching
principle of the model is that risk management capability must be embedded within the business to be effective. The role of each
line is:
•   First Line - Businesses own risks and obligations, and the controls and mitigation strategies that help manage them.
                                                                                                                                                in 2023
•   Second Line - A functionally segregated Risk function develops risk management frameworks, defines risk boundaries,
    provides objective review and challenge regarding the effectiveness of risk management within the first line businesses,
    and executes specific risk management activities where a functional segregation of duties and/or specific risk capability
    is required.




                                                                                                                                                Creating value
•   Third Line - An independent Internal Audit function reporting to the Board monitors the end-to-end effectiveness of risk
    management and compliance with the RMF.
Further risk management information for the Group is disclosed in the Corporate Governance section of the Group’s website at
nab.com.au/about-us/corporate-governance.

Credit risk

Credit risk overview, management and control responsibilities

                                                                                                                                             Corporate
Credit is any transaction that creates an actual or potential obligation for a counterparty or a customer to pay the Group. Credit
risk is the potential that a counterparty or customer will fail to meet its obligations to the Group in accordance with the agreed
terms. Lending activities account for most of the Group’s credit risk, however other sources of credit risk also exist throughout           Governance
the activities of the Group. These activities include the trading book, and other financial instruments and loans (including, but not
limited to, acceptances, placements, inter-bank transactions, trade financing, foreign exchange transactions, swaps, bonds and               Statement
options), as well as in the extension of commitments and guarantees and the settlement of transactions.
The Group structures the levels of credit risk it undertakes by placing limits on the amount of risk accepted in relation to existing
or potential counterparties or customers, groups of related counterparties or groups of related customers, and to geographical


                                                                                                                                                Risk
and industry segments. Such risks are monitored on an ongoing basis and are subject to annual or more frequent review.
In general, the Group does not take possession of collateral it holds as security or call on other credit enhancements that would
result in recognition of an asset on the balance sheet.

                                                                                                                                             management
Exposure to credit risk is managed through regular analysis of the ability of existing or potential counterparties, customers,
groups of related counterparties or groups of related customers to meet repayment obligations, primarily interest and principal,
and by changing credit limits where appropriate. Exposure to credit risk is also managed in part, by obtaining collateral and
corporate and personal guarantees.
The Group further restricts its exposure to credit losses by entering into master netting arrangements for derivatives,

                                                                                                                                               Report of
repurchase and securities lending transactions with counterparties with which it undertakes a significant volume of
transactions. The credit risk associated with contracts favourable to a Group entity is reduced by a master netting arrangement
to the extent that if a counterparty failed to meet its obligations in accordance with agreed terms, all contracts with a

                                                                                                                                             the Directors
counterparty can be terminated and settled on a net basis.

ESG risks
The Group is exposed to ESG and other emerging risks. The following items are examples of how these risks may impact
the Group:




                                                                                                                                               Financial report
•   Increases in the frequency and severity of climatic events could impact customers’ ability to service their loans or the value
    of the collateral held to secure the loans.
•   Action taken by governments, regulators and society more generally, to transition to a low-carbon economy, could impact
    the ability of some customers to generate long-term returns in a sustainable way or lead to certain assets being stranded in
    the future.
•   Failure to comply with environmental and social legislation (emerging and current) may impact customers’ ability to generate
    sustainable returns and service their loans.
•   If in future customers don’t hold appropriate levels of insurance for physical assets against certain risks, this may impact the

                                                                                                                                              Additional
    value the Group can recover in the event of certain natural disasters.
The Group considers these risks as part of the credit risk assessment and due diligence process before relevant customers

                                                                                                                                             information
are granted credit and for new product development. The Group also manages its total credit portfolio within established risk
appetite and limits, particularly for specific industries or regions that are more exposed to these types of risks. In addition, the
Group may recognise FLAs to the provision for credit impairment for the impact of adverse climate events. In the 2022 financial
year, the Group recognised a FLA of $14 million for the potential impact of the Lismore floods (2023: nil).


                                                                                                                 2023 Annual Report   203
Notes to the financial statements

Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

Maximum exposure to credit risk
For financial assets recognised on the balance sheet, the maximum exposure to credit risk is the carrying amount. In certain
circumstances, there may be differences between the carrying amounts reported on the balance sheet and the amounts
reported in the tables below. Principally, these differences arise in respect of financial assets that are subject to risks other
than credit risk, such as equity instruments which are primarily subject to market risk, or bank notes and coins.
For financial guarantees granted, the maximum exposure to credit risk is the maximum amount that the Group would have to
pay if the guarantees are called upon. For irrevocable loan commitments and other credit-related commitments, the maximum
exposure to credit risk is the full amount of committed facilities.
The table below shows the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk for on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet positions
before taking into account any collateral held or other credit enhancements.

                                                                                     Group                        Company
                                                                                 2023            2022           2023           2022
                                                            Footnote               $m             $m              $m            $m
 Financial assets
 Cash and liquid assets                                        (a)              23,669         55,304         23,022          55,100
 Due from other banks                                          (b)            117,306         141,861        106,955         133,144
 Collateral placed                                             (c)              11,286         13,115         10,214          10,636
 Trading assets                                                (d)            101,168          40,573         90,417          34,043
 Debt instruments                                              (e)              46,357         42,080         46,336          42,094
 Other financial assets                                        (f)               1,430          2,061           1,708          2,749
 Derivative assets                                             (d)              34,269         61,016         33,784          60,651
 Gross loans and advances                                      (f)            707,228         685,839        611,556         597,445
 Due from controlled entities                                  (g)                   -              -         43,577          38,226
 Other assets                                                  (g)               6,869          4,861           6,572          4,181
 Total                                                                       1,049,582       1,046,710       974,141         978,269
 Bank guarantees and letters of credit                         (h)              26,321         25,683         24,637          23,958
 Credit commitments                                            (h)            208,853         201,147        188,268         182,667
 Total                                                                        235,174         226,830        212,905         206,625
 Total credit risk exposure                                                  1,284,756       1,273,540      1,187,046      1,184,894


(a) The balance of Cash and liquid assets that is exposed to credit risk is comprised primarily of reverse repurchase
    agreements and securities borrowing agreements.
(b) The balance of Due from other banks that is exposed to credit risk is comprised primarily of securities borrowing
    agreements and reverse repurchase agreements, as well as balances held with central supervisory banks and other interest
    earning assets. Securities borrowing agreements and reverse repurchase agreements are collateralised with highly liquid
    securities and the collateral is in excess of the borrowed or loaned amount.
    Balances held with central supervisory banks and other interest earning assets that are due from other banks are managed
    based on the counterparty’s creditworthiness. The Group will utilise master netting arrangements where possible to reduce
    its exposure to credit risk.
(c) The maximum exposure to credit risk from Collateral placed is the collateral placed with the counterparty before
    consideration of any netting arrangements.
(d) At any one time, the maximum exposure to credit risk from Trading assets and Derivative assets is limited to the current
    fair value of instruments that are favourable to the Group less collateral obtained. This credit risk is managed as part of the
    overall lending limits with customers, together with potential exposures from market movements.
    The Group uses documentation including International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) Master Agreements to
    document derivative activities. Under ISDA Master Agreements, if a default of a counterparty occurs, all contracts with the
    counterparty are terminated. They are then settled on a net basis at market levels current at the time of default. The Group
    also executes Credit Support Annexes in conjunction with ISDA Master Agreements.
    Credit risk from over-the-counter trading and hedging derivatives is mitigated where possible through netting arrangements
    whereby derivative assets and liabilities with the same counterparty can be offset in certain circumstances. Derivatives that
    are cleared through a central clearing counterparty or an exchange have less credit risk than over-the-counter derivatives
    and are subject to relevant netting and collateral agreements.
    Collateral is obtained against derivative assets, depending on the creditworthiness of the counterparty and / or the nature of
    the transaction.
(e) Debt instruments are generally comprised of government, semi-government, corporate and financial institution bonds,
    notes and securities. The amount of collateral held against such instruments will depend on the counterparty and the nature
    of the specific financial instrument.
    The Group may utilise credit default swaps, guarantees provided by central banks, other forms of credit enhancements or
    collateral to minimise the Group’s exposure to credit risk.




204   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

(f) Gross loans and advances and Other financial assets primarily comprise general lending and line of credit products. The
    distinction is due to accounting classification and measurement. These lending products will generally have a significant level
    of collateralisation depending on the nature of the product.
    Other lending to non-retail customers may be provided on an unsecured basis or secured (partially or fully) by acceptable                 About
    collateral defined in specific Group credit policy and business unit procedures. Collateral is generally comprised of business
    assets, inventories and in some cases personal assets of the borrower. The Group manages its exposure to these products                this report
    by completing a credit evaluation to assess the customer’s character, industry, business model and capacity to meet their
    commitments without distress. Collateral provides a secondary source of repayment for funds advanced in the event that
    a customer cannot meet their contractual repayment obligations. For amounts due from customers on acceptances the
    Group generally has recourse to guarantees, underlying inventories or other assets in the event of default which significantly
    mitigates the credit risk associated with accepting the customer’s credit facility with a third party.

                                                                                                                                           Our business
    Housing loans are secured against residential property as collateral and, where applicable, Lenders Mortgage Insurance (LMI)
    is obtained by the Group (mostly in Australia) to cover any shortfall in outstanding loan principal and accrued interest. LMI


                                                                                                                                              in 2023
    is generally obtained for residential mortgages with a Loan to Valuation Ratio (LVR) in excess of 80%. The financial effect of
    these measures is that remaining credit risk on residential mortgage loans is minimal. Other retail lending products are mostly
    unsecured (e.g. credit card outstandings and other personal lending).
(g) The balance of Other assets which is exposed to credit risk includes securities sold not delivered, interest receivable
    accruals and other receivables. Interest receivable accruals are subject to the same collateral as the underlying borrowings.
    Other receivables will mostly be unsecured. There are typically no collateral or other credit enhancements obtained in




                                                                                                                                              Creating value
    respect of amounts Due from controlled entities.
(h) Bank guarantees and letters of credit are comprised primarily of guarantees to customers, standby or documentary letters
    of credit and performance related contingencies. The Group will typically have recourse to specific assets pledged as
    collateral in the event of a default by a party for which the Group has guaranteed its obligations to a third party and therefore
    tend to carry the same credit risk as loans.
    Credit commitments represent binding commitments to extend credit where the Group is potentially exposed to loss of an
    amount equal to the total unused commitments. However, the likely amount of loss is generally less than the total unused
    commitments, as most commitments to extend credit are contingent upon customers maintaining specific credit standards.
    The Group monitors the term to maturity of credit commitments because, in general, longer-term commitments have a
    greater degree of credit risk than shorter term commitments.                                                                           Corporate
                                                                                                                                          Governance
                                                                                                                                           Statement




                                                                                                                                              Risk


                                                                                                                                           management




                                                                                                                                             Report of


                                                                                                                                           the Directors




                                                                                                                                             Financial report




                                                                                                                                            Additional

                                                                                                                                           information




                                                                                                               2023 Annual Report   205
Notes to the financial statements

Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

Offsetting financial assets and liabilities
The tables below present the amounts of financial instruments that have been offset on the balance sheet, as well as those
amounts that are subject to enforceable master netting arrangements or similar agreements. The tables exclude financial
instruments that are not subject to offsetting arrangements but are instead only subject to collateral arrangements.
The ‘Net amounts’ presented in the tables are not intended to represent the Group’s actual exposure to credit risk. The Group
utilises a wide range of strategies to mitigate credit risk in addition to netting and collateral arrangements, including placing
limits on the amount of risk accepted in relation to counterparties, customers, groups of related counterparties or customers
and geographical and industry segments.
The amounts recognised on the balance sheet are presented in the 'Total balance sheet amount' column in the tables
below, and comprise the sum of the 'Net amount reported on balance sheet' and 'Amounts not subject to enforceable
netting arrangements'.

                                                                                          2023
                                                               Subject to enforceable netting arrangements
                                                    Amounts offset on
                                                     balance sheet                      Amounts not offset on balance sheet
                                                                 Net                                               Amounts
                                                             amount                                                     not
                                                            reported                                              subject to                                        Total
                                                                  on                  Non-                      enforceable                                        balance
                                               Gross Amount balance      Financial    cash       Cash     Net        netting                                        sheet
                                              amount offset    sheet Instruments collateral collateral Amount arrangements                                         amount
 Group                                              $m         $m            $m               $m             $m            $m          $m                  $m           $m
 Derivative assets    (1)
                                              157,389 (127,890)         29,499           (14,611)          (362)      (10,164)      4,362               4,770      34,269
 Reverse repurchase agreements                  95,197 (14,542)         80,655                   -      (80,655)              -           -                   -    80,655
 Loans and advances                              5,748     (5,705)           43                  -              -             -         43           708,428      708,471
 Total assets                                 258,334 (148,137) 110,197                  (14,611)       (81,017)      (10,164)      4,405            713,198      823,395
 Derivative liabilities(1)                   (154,459) 127,891         (26,568)           14,611             210        9,171      (2,576)             (9,065) (35,633)
 Repurchase agreements                        (88,674) 14,542          (74,132)                  -       74,132               -           -                   -   (74,132)
 Deposits and other borrowings                  (9,122)      5,705       (3,417)                 -              -             -    (3,417)          (681,034) (684,451)
 Total liabilities                           (252,255) 148,138 (104,117)                  14,611         74,342         9,171      (5,993)          (690,099) (794,216)


 Company
 Derivative assets(1)                         143,179 (114,623)         28,556           (12,808)            (83)      (8,822)      6,843               5,228      33,784
 Reverse repurchase agreements                  91,333 (14,166)         77,167                   -      (77,167)              -           -                   -    77,167
 Loans and advances                              4,203     (4,191)           12                  -              -             -         12           612,226      612,238
 Total assets                                 238,715 (132,980) 105,735                  (12,808)       (77,250)       (8,822)      6,855            617,454      723,189
 Derivative liabilities(1)                   (141,028) 114,624         (26,404)           12,808             210        8,701      (4,685)             (9,706) (36,110)
 Repurchase agreements                        (81,339) 14,166          (67,173)                  -       67,173               -           -                   -   (67,173)
 Deposits and other borrowings                  (6,163)      4,191       (1,972)                 -              -             -    (1,972)          (606,669) (608,641)
 Total liabilities                           (228,530) 132,981         (95,549)           12,808         67,383         8,701      (6,657)          (616,375) (711,924)
 (1) As at 30 September 2023, the amount offset for derivative assets includes $9,495 million (Company: $8,377 million) of cash collateral netting and the amount offset for
     derivative liabilities includes $4,828 million (Company: $4,758 million) of cash collateral netting.




206   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

                                                                                          2022
                                                                Subject to enforceable netting arrangements

                                                                                                                                                                                    About
                                                   Amounts offset on
                                                    balance sheet                       Amounts not offset on balance sheet


                                                                                                                                                                                 this report
                                                                Net                                                                           Amounts
                                                            amount                                                                                 not
                                                           reported                                                                          subject to             Total
                                                                 on                  Non-                                                  enforceable             balance
                                              Gross Amount balance      Financial    cash       Cash                                 Net        netting             sheet
                                             amount offset    sheet Instruments collateral collateral                             Amount arrangements              amount
 Group                                             $m          $m           $m                $m             $m            $m           $m                  $m          $m


                                                                                                                                                                                 Our business
 Derivative assets    (1)
                                              171,721 (117,807)         53,914           (33,670)          (956)      (15,053)        4,235               7,102     61,016
 Reverse
 repurchase agreements(2)                       95,371    (18,831)      76,540                  -       (76,540)             -            -                    -    76,540
 Loans and advances(2)                           1,399      (1,344)          55                 -              -             -           55            687,660     687,715
                                                                                                                                                                                    in 2023
 Total assets                                 268,491 (137,982)        130,509           (33,670)       (77,496)      (15,053)        4,290            694,762     825,271
 Derivative liabilities(1)                    (165,410) 117,807        (47,603)           33,670            503         7,655        (5,775)             (9,883) (57,486)
 Repurchase agreements(2)                     (104,094)    18,831      (85,263)                 -        85,263              -            -                    -   (85,263)




                                                                                                                                                                                    Creating value
 Deposits and other borrowings         (2)
                                                (6,906)      1,344       (5,562)                -              -             -       (5,562)          (681,443) (687,005)
 Total liabilities                            (276,410) 137,982       (138,428)           33,670         85,766         7,655      (11,337)           (691,326) (829,754)


 Company
 Derivative assets(1)                         160,532 (106,481)         54,051           (34,420)          (814)      (13,299)        5,518               6,600     60,651
 Reverse
 repurchase agreements(2)                       95,092    (18,831)      76,261                  -       (76,261)             -            -                    -    76,261
 Loans and advances          (2)
                                                   582        (556)          26                 -              -             -           26            598,724     598,750
 Total assets                                 256,206 (125,868)        130,338           (34,420)       (77,075)      (13,299)        5,544            605,324     735,662       Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                Governance
 Derivative liabilities(1)                    (154,789) 106,481        (48,308)           34,420            503         6,115        (7,270)             (9,186) (57,494)
 Repurchase agreements(2)                     (100,922)    18,831      (82,091)                 -        82,091              -            -                    -   (82,091)
 Deposits and other borrowings(2)               (4,959)        556       (4,403)                -              -             -       (4,403)          (612,558) (616,961)        Statement
 Total liabilities                            (260,670) 125,868       (134,802)           34,420         82,594         6,115      (11,673)           (621,744) (756,546)
 (1) As at 30 September 2022, the amount offset for derivative assets includes $7,663 million (Company: $6,667 million) of cash collateral netting and the amount offset for
     derivative liabilities includes $4,097 million (Company: $3,994 million) of cash collateral netting.



                                                                                                                                                                                    Risk
 (2) Comparative information has been restated to align to the presentation in the current period.


Derivative assets and derivative liabilities

                                                                                                                                                                                 management
Derivative assets and derivative liabilities are only offset on the balance sheet where the Group has a legally enforceable right
to offset in all circumstances and there is an intention to settle the asset and liability on a net basis, or to realise the asset and
settle the liability simultaneously. The Group has applied offsetting to certain centrally cleared derivatives and their associated
collateral amounts which satisfy the AASB 132 Financial Instruments: Presentation requirements.

Reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements

                                                                                                                                                                                   Report of
Reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements will typically be subject to Global Master Repurchase Agreements or similar
agreements whereby all outstanding transactions with the same counterparty can only be offset and closed out upon a default
or insolvency event. In some instances, the agreement provides the Group with a legally enforceable right to offset in all

                                                                                                                                                                                 the Directors
circumstances. In such a case and where there is an intention to settle the asset and liability on a net basis, or to realise the
asset and settle the liability simultaneously, the amounts with that counterparty are offset on the balance sheet.
Where the Group has a right to offset on default or insolvency only, the related non-cash collateral amounts comprise highly
liquid securities, either obtained or pledged, which can be realised in the event of a default or insolvency by one of the
counterparties. The value of such securities obtained or pledged must at least equate to the value of the exposure to the




                                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
counterparty, therefore the net exposure is considered to be nil.

Loans and advances, deposits and other borrowings
The amounts offset for loans and advances and deposits and other borrowings represent amounts subject to set-off
agreements that satisfy the AASB 132 requirements. The 'Net amounts reported on balance sheet' are included within ‘Overdrafts’
in Note 12 Loans and Advances and ‘On-demand and short-term deposits’ and ‘Deposits not bearing interest’ in Note 13 Deposits
and other borrowings. The 'Amounts not subject to enforceable netting arrangements' represent all other loans and advances
and deposits and other borrowings of the Group, including those measured at fair value.


                                                                                                                                                                                  Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                 information




                                                                                                                                                  2023 Annual Report      207
Notes to the financial statements

Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

Credit risk exposure by risk grade
The following tables show the credit quality of credit risk exposures to which the expected credit loss model is applied, for both
recognised and unrecognised financial assets, based on the following risk grades:
•    Senior investment grade: broadly corresponds with Standard & Poor’s ratings of AAA to A- (internal rating 1 to 5).
•    Investment grade: broadly corresponds with Standard & Poor’s ratings of BBB+ to BBB- (internal rating 6 to 11).
•    Sub-investment grade: broadly corresponds with Standard & Poor’s ratings of BB+ (internal rating 12 to 23).
•    Default: broadly corresponds with Standard & Poor’s rating of D (internal rating 98 and 99).
Notional stage allocations (Stage 1 and Stage 2) for credit risk exposures incorporate the impact of forward looking economic
information applied in the expected credit loss model. Refer Accounting Policy section of Note 17 Provision for credit impairment
on loans at amortised cost for further details.

                                           Stage 1                  Stage 2                  Stage 3                      Total
                                         Performing               Performing             Non-performing
                                        2023          2022       2023          2022        2023        2022         2023            2022
    Group                                 $m           $m          $m           $m          $m          $m             $m            $m
    Gross loans and advances
    Senior investment grade          124,634      127,878        2,356         4,376          -            -    126,990           132,254
    Investment grade                 277,097      270,812       27,385        33,614          -            -    304,482           304,426
    Sub-investment grade             126,373         99,753    141,747     143,291            -            -    268,120           243,044
    Default                                 -             -          -             -      7,636        6,115        7,636           6,115
    Total gross loans
    and advances                     528,104      498,443      171,488     181,281        7,636        6,115    707,228           685,839
    Contingent liabilities and
    credit commitments
    Senior investment grade           88,046         85,149      3,442         4,196          -            -       91,488          89,345
    Investment grade                  75,102         70,260     12,832        15,775          -            -       87,934          86,035
    Sub-investment grade              25,753         18,517     29,643        32,577          -            -       55,396          51,094
    Default                                 -             -          -             -        356         356            356           356
    Total contingent liabilities
    and credit commitments           188,901      173,926       45,917        52,548        356         356     235,174           226,830
    Total gross loans
    and advances,
    contingent liabilities and
    credit commitments               717,005      672,369      217,405     233,829        7,992        6,471    942,402           912,669


    Debt instruments
    Senior investment grade           46,357         41,644          -             -          -            -       46,357          41,644
    Investment grade                        -          436           -             -          -            -              -          436
    Sub-investment grade                    -             -          -             -          -            -              -             -
    Default                                 -             -          -             -          -            -              -             -
    Total debt instruments            46,357         42,080          -             -          -            -       46,357          42,080




208    National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

                                         Stage 1                  Stage 2                  Stage 3                    Total
                                       Performing               Performing             Non-performing

                                                                                                                                              About
                                      2023          2022       2023          2022        2023        2022         2023          2022
 Company                                $m           $m          $m           $m          $m          $m            $m           $m
 Gross loans and advances
                                                                                                                                           this report
 Senior investment grade            88,177         96,635      1,257         2,842          -            -      89,434         99,477
 Investment grade                  255,873      250,467       22,003        26,761          -            -     277,876        277,228
 Sub-investment grade              114,773         89,083   122,956      126,225            -            -     237,729        215,308
 Default                                  -             -          -             -      6,517        5,432       6,517          5,432

                                                                                                                                           Our business
 Total gross loans
 and advances                      458,823      436,185     146,216      155,828        6,517        5,432     611,556        597,445


                                                                                                                                              in 2023
 Contingent liabilities and
 credit commitments
 Senior investment grade            82,623         80,614      2,484         3,326          -            -      85,107         83,940
 Investment grade                   68,954         65,389     10,087        12,291          -            -      79,041         77,680
 Sub-investment grade               22,744         16,103     25,665        28,553          -            -      48,409         44,656




                                                                                                                                              Creating value
 Default                                  -             -          -             -        348         349          348           349
 Total contingent liabilities
 and credit commitments            174,321      162,106       38,236        44,170        348         349      212,905        206,625
 Total gross loans
 and advances,
 contingent liabilities and
 credit commitments                633,144      598,291     184,452      199,998        6,865        5,781     824,461        804,070


 Debt instruments

                                                                                                                                           Corporate
 Senior investment grade            46,336         41,658          -             -          -            -      46,336         41,658
 Investment grade                         -          436           -             -          -            -            -          436
 Sub-investment grade                     -             -          -             -          -            -            -             -     Governance
 Default                                  -             -          -             -          -            -            -             -      Statement
 Total debt instruments             46,336         42,094          -             -          -            -      46,336         42,094


Concentration of exposure
Concentration of credit risk exists when a number of counterparties are engaged in similar activities, or operate in the same

                                                                                                                                              Risk
geographical areas or industry sectors and have similar economic characteristics so that their ability to meet contractual
obligations is similarly affected by changes in economic, political or other conditions.

                                                                                                                                           management
The diversification and size of the Group is such that its lending is widely spread both geographically and in terms of the types of
industries it serves.




                                                                                                                                             Report of


                                                                                                                                           the Directors




                                                                                                                                             Financial report




                                                                                                                                            Additional

                                                                                                                                           information




                                                                                                               2023 Annual Report   209
Notes to the financial statements

Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

Industry concentration of financial assets

                                                                                                                    Contingent
                                                   Net loans                        Other
                                                                                                                  liabilities and
                                                 and advances(1)              financial assets(2)
                                                                                                               credit commitments            Total
                                                  2023           2022            2023          2022               2023       2022        2023          2022
                                                    $m             $m              $m            $m                $m          $m          $m           $m
 Group
 Accommodation and hospitality                   9,337          8,712                -              -            2,101       1,771     11,438         10,483
 Agriculture, forestry, fishing
 & mining                                       55,912         51,518                -              -           14,112      13,280     70,024         64,798
 Business services and
 property services                              19,266         18,502                -              -            8,754       8,023     28,020         26,525
 Commercial property                            70,739         69,148                -              -           12,660      14,168     83,399         83,316
 Construction                                    8,500          7,777                -              -            7,109       6,306     15,609         14,083
 Financial & insurance                          38,456         46,554        137,048        161,724             49,722      48,952    225,226        257,230
 Government & public authorities                 1,820          2,794         31,005          28,773             2,884       3,769     35,709         35,336
 Manufacturing                                  13,383         12,497                -              -            8,313       7,373     21,696         19,870
 Personal                                       12,161         11,097                -              -           18,594      18,062     30,755         29,159
 Residential mortgages                         404,870        387,817           6,489          6,166            68,943      66,554    480,302        460,537
 Retail and wholesale trade                     20,679         20,385                -              -           12,699      12,124     33,378         32,509
 Transport and storage                          15,662         15,514                -              -            9,246       8,471     24,908         23,985
 Utilities                                      10,818          9,984             157            203             7,187       5,919     18,162         16,106
 Other                                          21,283         20,360             250            190            12,850      12,058     34,383         32,608
 Total                                         702,886        682,659        174,949        197,056            235,174     226,830   1,113,009   1,106,545


 Company
 Accommodation and hospitality                   8,103          7,557                -              -            1,955       1,630     10,058          9,187
 Agriculture, forestry, fishing
 & mining                                       41,642         38,099                -              -           11,963      11,290     53,605         49,389
 Business services and
 property services                              17,640         17,029                -              -            7,851       7,273     25,491         24,302
 Commercial property                            63,613         61,707                -              -           11,196      12,439     74,809         74,146
 Construction                                    7,072          6,651                -              -            6,118       5,382     13,190         12,033
 Financial & insurance                          36,369         43,821        125,643        150,572             47,114      47,325    209,126        241,718
 Government & public authorities                 1,753          2,734         30,987          28,759             2,224       3,122     34,964         34,615
 Manufacturing                                  10,189          9,562                -              -            6,374       5,713     16,563         15,275
 Personal                                       11,194         10,243                -              -           16,460      15,926     27,654         26,169
 Residential mortgages                         350,823        339,061           6,467          6,150            65,403      63,186    422,693        408,397
 Retail and wholesale trade                     16,638         16,721                -              -           10,695      10,442     27,333         27,163
 Transport and storage                          13,914         13,891                -              -            7,738       7,138     21,652         21,029
 Utilities                                       9,775          9,185             157            203             6,612       5,270     16,544         14,658
 Other                                          18,820         18,157             251            190            11,202      10,489     30,273         28,836
 Total                                         607,545        594,418        163,505        185,874            212,905     206,625    983,955        986,917
 (1) Net loans and advances includes loans at fair value.
 (2) Other financial assets represents amounts due from other banks, debt instruments and collateral placed.




210   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

Geographic concentration of financial assets

                                                        Australia                          New Zealand                   Other International
                                                      2023              2022              2023            2022              2023            2022             About

                                                                                                                                                          this report
                                                        $m               $m                 $m              $m                $m               $m
 Group
 Cash and liquid assets                              4,345             15,567                36              46           19,288           39,691
 Due from other banks                               92,378          112,767              10,140           8,580           14,788           20,514
 Collateral placed                                   8,709              9,401             1,030           2,479            1,547            1,235


                                                                                                                                                          Our business
 Trading assets                                     65,086             34,025             7,782           6,530           28,300                 18
 Debt instruments                                   35,377             31,449                 -               -           10,980           10,631


                                                                                                                                                             in 2023
 Other financial assets                                869              1,355               561             570                 -              136
 Derivative assets                                  24,329             47,115             2,720           4,882            7,220            9,019
 Loans and advances                                588,961          571,773              94,206          87,006           19,535           21,655
 Other assets                                        6,110              4,836               764             938            1,321               554
 Total                                             826,164          828,288            117,239          111,031          102,979          103,453




                                                                                                                                                             Creating value
 Company
 Cash and liquid assets                              4,259             15,464                 -               -           18,763           39,636
 Due from other banks                               92,371          112,765                   -               -           14,584           20,379
 Collateral placed                                   8,701              9,401                 -               -            1,513            1,235
 Trading assets                                     65,086             34,025                 -               -           25,331                 18
 Debt instruments                                   35,378             31,479                 -               -           10,958           10,615

                                                                                                                                                          Corporate
 Other financial assets                                869              1,354                 -               -              839            1,395
 Derivative assets                                  26,247             50,953                 -               -            7,537            9,698
 Loans and advances                                588,288          571,074                   -               -           19,396           21,605        Governance
 Other assets                                        6,255              4,877                 -               -            1,300               551        Statement
 Total                                             827,454          831,392                   -               -          100,221          105,132


Market risk


                                                                                                                                                             Risk
Market risk overview and management
Market risk primarily stems from the Group’s trading and balance sheet management activities, the impact of changes and


                                                                                                                                                          management
correlation between interest rates, foreign exchange rates, credit spreads and volatility in bond, commodity or equity prices.
Market risk is represented by the below two categories:

 Traded Market Risk                                                        Non-Traded Market Risk
 Traded Market Risk is the potential for gains or losses to arise          The Group has exposure to non-traded market risk, primarily
 from trading activities undertaken by the Group as a result of            Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book (IRRBB). IRRBB is the risk

                                                                                                                                                            Report of
 movements in market prices. The trading activities of the Group           that the Group’s earnings or economic value will be affected or
 are principally carried out by Corporate and Institutional Banking.       reduced by changes in interest rates. The sources of IRRBB are
 Trading activities represent dealings that encompass both                 as follows:


                                                                                                                                                          the Directors
 active management of market risk and supporting client sales              •    Repricing risk, arising from changes to the overall level of
 businesses. The types of market risk arising from these activities             interest rates and inherent mismatches in the repricing term
 include interest rate, foreign exchange, commodity, equity price,              of banking book items.
 credit spread and volatility risk.                                        •    Yield curve risk, arising from a change in the relative level of
                                                                                interest rates for different tenors and changes in the slope or
                                                                                shape of the yield curve.




                                                                                                                                                            Financial report
                                                                           •    Basis risk, arising from differences between the actual and
                                                                                expected interest margins on banking book items over the
                                                                                implied cost of funds of those items.
                                                                           •    Optionality risk, arising from the existence of stand-alone or
                                                                                embedded options in banking book items, to the extent that
                                                                                the potential for those losses is not included in the above risks.


Measurement of market risk
The Group primarily manages and controls market risk using Value at Risk (VaR), which is a standard measure used throughout the
industry. VaR gauges the Group’s possible loss for the holding period based on historical market movements. VaR is measured

                                                                                                                                                           Additional
at a 99% confidence interval. This means that there is a 99% chance that the loss will not exceed the VaR estimate during the
holding period.

                                                                                                                                                          information
The Group employs other risk measures to supplement VaR, with appropriate limits to manage and control risks, and
communicate the specific nature of market exposures to management, the Board Risk & Compliance Committee and ultimately
the Board. These supplementary measures include stress testing, stop loss, position and sensitivity limits.


                                                                                                                            2023 Annual Report     211
Notes to the financial statements

Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

Traded market risk
The VaR methodology involves multiple revaluations of the trading books using 550 days of historical pricing shifts. The pricing data is rolled daily.
The use of VaR methodology has limitations, which include:
•    The historical data used to calculate VaR is not always an appropriate proxy for current market conditions. If market volatility or correlation conditions change significantly, losses may
     occur more frequently and to a greater magnitude than the VaR measure suggests.
•    VaR methodology assumes that positions are held for one day and may underestimate losses on positions that cannot be hedged or reversed inside that timeframe.
•    VaR is calculated on positions at the close of each trading day, and does not measure risk on intra-day positions.
•    VaR does not describe the directional bias or size of the positions generating the risk.
The table below shows the Group and Company VaR for the trading portfolio, including both physical and derivative positions:

                                                                              Group                                                                        Company
                                              As at                                                    Maximum                As at                                                  Maximum
                                          30 September        Average value       Minimum value         value             30 September      Average value         Minimum value       value
                                          2023      2022      2023      2022          2023   2022     2023     2022       2023     2022      2023        2022     2023     2022     2023     2022
                                            $m       $m         $m       $m            $m       $m     $m       $m         $m       $m        $m          $m         $m     $m       $m        $m
    Value at Risk at a 99%
    confidence level
       Foreign exchange risk                3.3       2.4       2.7      3.0           1.0      1.3    5.7       5.8        3.7     2.3        2.2        2.7        0.8    1.3      5.0       5.4
       Interest rate risk                   6.7       5.4       8.4      8.9           5.3      5.2   17.8     14.1         6.1     5.2        7.5        7.6        5.1    4.5     17.4      12.3
       Volatility risk                      1.8       2.3       1.8      2.9           0.9      2.0    2.7       6.4        1.8     2.3        1.8        2.9        0.9    2.0      2.8       6.4
       Commodities risk                     1.0       1.6       1.4      1.6           0.9      0.5    2.9       2.9        1.0     1.6        1.4        1.6        0.9    0.5      2.9       2.9
       Credit risk                          2.0       1.2       1.8      1.8           0.9      0.9    3.2       3.4        1.8     1.0        1.5        1.4        0.7    0.7      2.9       2.9
       Inflation risk                       2.3       1.7       2.4      2.2           1.6      1.4    3.4       3.4        2.3     1.7        2.4        2.0        1.6    1.4      3.4       3.2
       Diversification benefit             (7.1)     (7.5)     (7.8)     (9.1)         n/a    n/a      n/a      n/a        (6.7)    (7.2)     (7.2)       (8.1)      n/a    n/a      n/a      n/a
    Total Diversified VaR at 99%
    confidence interval                    10.0       7.1      10.7     11.3           7.2      7.1   20.3     18.7       10.0      6.9        9.6       10.1        6.8    6.5     17.5      17.0
       Other market risks                   2.3       3.4       1.9      4.5           0.6      1.0    3.2       8.4        2.3     3.4        1.9        4.5        0.6    1.0      3.2       8.4
    Total                                  12.3      10.5      12.6     15.8           7.8      8.1   23.5     27.1       12.3     10.3      11.5        14.6        7.4    7.5     20.7      25.4




212    National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

Non-traded market risk - Balance sheet risk management
The principal objective of balance sheet risk management is to maintain acceptable levels of interest rate and liquidity risk to mitigate the negative impact of movements in interest rates on
the earnings and market value of the Group’s banking book, while ensuring the Group maintains sufficient liquidity to meet its obligations as they fall due.

Non-traded market risk – Interest rate risk management
IRRBB is measured, monitored, and managed from both an internal management and regulatory perspective. The Risk Management Framework incorporates both market valuation and
earnings based approaches in accordance with the IRRBB Policy and Prudential Practice Guides. Risk measurement techniques include VaR, Earnings at Risk (EaR), interest rate risk stress
testing, repricing analysis, cash flow analysis and scenario analysis. The IRRBB regulatory capital calculation incorporates repricing, yield curve, basis, and optionality risk, embedded gains /
losses and any inter-risk and / or inter-currency diversification. The Group has been accredited by APRA to use its internal model for the measurement of IRRBB.
Key features of the internal interest rate risk management model include:
•    Historical simulation approach utilising instantaneous interest rate shocks.
•    Static balance sheet (i.e. any new business is assumed to be matched, hedged or subject to immediate repricing).
•    VaR and EaR are measured on a consistent basis.
•    99% confidence level.
•    Three month holding period.
•    EaR utilises a 12 month forecast period.
•    At least six years of business day historical data (updated daily).
•    Investment term for capital is modelled with an established benchmark term of between one and five years.
•    Investment term for core non-interest bearing assets and liabilities is modelled on a behavioural basis with a term that is consistent with sound statistical analysis.
The following table shows the Group and the Company aggregate VaR and EaR for the IRRBB:

                                                                                  Group                                                                                            Company
                                         As at                                                                                                      As at
                                     30 September               Average value             Minimum value              Maximum value              30 September           Average value       Minimum value        Maximum value
                                     2023        2022           2023        2022           2023        2022           2023        2022           2023        2022      2023     2022       2023     2022         2023       2022
                                       $m           $m            $m          $m             $m          $m             $m          $m             $m          $m        $m       $m          $m     $m            $m        $m
    Value at Risk
    Australia                        379.1       300.5          375.1       307.3         315.0        289.0         407.9        326.4         379.1        300.5     375.1    307.3      315.0    289.0        407.9      326.4
    New Zealand                       33.6         25.5          31.6         31.6          24.1         22.5          36.7         39.4              -            -       -           -        -       -            -           -
    Other International               34.6         47.9          44.0         37.1          27.0         30.8          62.8         47.9          34.6        47.9      44.0     37.1        27.0    30.8         62.8       47.9
    Earnings at Risk(1)
    Australia                         59.1         29.6          55.3         24.3          38.2         14.0          73.3         50.7          59.1        29.6      55.3     24.3        38.2    14.0         73.3       50.7
    New Zealand                        9.6         18.4          15.0         18.8           7.8         10.0          22.7         28.1              -            -       -           -        -      -             -           -
    Other International                   -           -              -           -              -           -           0.1            -              -            -       -           -        -      -             -           -
    (1) EaR amounts calculated under the IRRBB model include Australian banking and other overseas banking subsidiary books, however excludes offshore branches.


Residual value risk
As part of its normal lending activities, the Group takes residual value risk on assets such as industrial, mining, rail, aircraft, marine, technology, healthcare and other equipment. This exposes
the Group to a potential fall in prices of these assets below the outstanding residual exposure at the facility expiry.


                                                                                                                                                                                                            2023 Annual Report   213
Notes to the financial statements

Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

Liquidity risk and funding mix

Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is unable to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. These obligations include the
repayment of deposits on demand or at their contractual maturity, the repayment of wholesale borrowings and loan capital as
they mature and the payment of interest on borrowings.
These risks are governed by the Group’s funding and liquidity risk appetite which is set by the Board. Group Treasury is
responsible for the management of these risks. Objective review and challenge of the effectiveness of risk management is
provided by Group Balance Sheet and Liquidity Risk Management with oversight by the Group Asset and Liability Committee. The
Board has the ultimate responsibility to monitor and review the adequacy of the Group’s funding and liquidity RMF and the Group’s
compliance with risk appetite.
Key principles adopted in the Group’s approach to managing liquidity risk include:
•    Monitoring the Group’s liquidity position on a daily basis, using a combination of contractual and behavioural modelling of
     balance sheet and cash flow information.
•    Maintaining a HQLA portfolio which supports intra-day operations and may be sold in times of market stress.
•    Operating a prudent funding strategy which ensures appropriate diversification and limits maturity concentrations. The Group
     undertakes a conservative approach by imposing internal limits that are in addition to regulatory requirements.
•    Maintaining a contingent funding plan designed to respond to an accelerated outflow of funds from the Group.
•    Requiring the Group to have the ability to meet a range of survival horizon scenarios, including name-specific and general
     liquidity stress scenarios.
The Group maintained funding and liquidity metrics well above regulatory minimums throughout the 2023 financial year. The CLF
has been fully phased out to zero on 1 January 2023.
The liquid asset portfolio held as part of these principles is well diversified by currency, counterparty and product type with the
mix consistent with the liquidity risks of the Group. The composition of the portfolio includes cash, government securities and
highly rated investment grade paper. The market value of total on-balance sheet liquid assets held as at 30 September 2023
was $222,463 million (2022: $220,415 million). In addition, the Group holds internal RMBS as a source of contingent liquidity. As at
30 September 2023, the cash value of unencumbered internal RMBS held and available was $80,089 million (2022: $66,114 million).

Funding mix
The Group’s funding is comprised of a mix of deposits, term wholesale funding, short-term wholesale funding and equity. The
Group manages this within risk appetite settings to ensure suitable funding of its asset base and to enable it to respond to
changing market conditions and regulatory requirements.
The Group maintains a strong focus on stable deposits both from a growth and quality perspective and continues to utilise
deposits as a key funding source for funded assets.
The Group supplements deposit-raising via its term funding programmes, raising $40,254 million of term wholesale funding in the
                                                                                                   (1)




2023 financial year (2022: $38,676 million). The weighted average maturity of term wholesale funding issued by the Group was 4.3
                                                                                                                                        (2)




years to first call (2022: 5.0 years). In addition, during the 2023 financial year, the Group continued to access international and
                                     (2)




domestic short-term wholesale markets.
On 19 March 2020, the RBA announced the establishment of the TFF for the Australian banking system to support ADIs in providing
credit into the economy. The TFF provided access to three-year secured funding, supporting lending to the Group's customers
and reducing wholesale funding refinancing risks at the time. The total available TFF allocation of $31,866 million (excluding the
TFF acquired via the Citi consumer business acquisition) was drawn, consisting of $14,270 million of Initial Allowance in the 2020
financial year and $17,596 million of Additional and Supplementary Allowances in the 2021 financial year. As at 30 September
2023, the full Initial Allowance amount has been repaid. The Additional and Supplementary Allowances are due to mature by
30 June 2024.

Contractual maturity of assets and liabilities
The following tables show an analysis of contractual maturities of assets and liabilities at the reporting date. The Group expects
that certain assets and liabilities will be recovered or settled at maturities which are different to their contractual maturities,
including deposits where the Group expects as part of normal banking operations that a large proportion of these balances will
roll over.




    (1) Includes FLP.
    (2) Excludes AT1 capital, Residential Mortgage Backed Securities (RMBS), TFF and FLP.


214     National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

                                                           Greater than
                               Less than 12 months          12 months           No specific maturity              Total
                                  2023        2022         2023      2022          2023         2022           2023         2022
                                    $m          $m           $m           $m         $m           $m             $m          $m           About

                                                                                                                                       this report
 Group
 Assets
 Cash and liquid assets          24,699      56,451            -            -          -               -     24,699        56,451
 Due from other banks           116,984     141,530         322           331          -               -    117,306       141,861
 Collateral placed               11,286      13,115            -            -          -               -     11,286        13,115


                                                                                                                                       Our business
 Trading assets                  66,717      13,948       34,434    26,524            17         101        101,168        40,573
 Debt instruments                 6,505       7,081       39,852    34,999             -               -     46,357        42,080


                                                                                                                                          in 2023
 Other financial assets            858          966         572      1,095             -               -      1,430         2,061
 Derivative assets                 236        1,379        3,263     6,208        30,770       53,429        34,269        61,016
 Loans and advances             130,430     117,119      562,744   554,631         9,528        8,684       702,702       680,434
 All other assets                 7,429       5,418          97           347     12,340       11,770        19,866        17,535
 Total assets                   365,144     357,007      641,284   624,135        52,655       73,984      1,059,083   1,055,126




                                                                                                                                          Creating value
 Liabilities
 Due to other banks              37,200      55,140        2,316    19,539             -               -     39,516        74,679
 Collateral received             10,672      17,245            -            -          -               -     10,672        17,245
 Other financial liabilities     52,386       8,941       13,966    14,345             -               -     66,352        23,286
 Derivative liabilities            985        1,528        3,526     5,229        31,122       50,729        35,633        57,486
 Deposits and
 other borrowings               631,645     654,090       50,475    29,436             -               -    682,120       683,526
 Bonds, notes and
                                                                                                                                       Corporate
 subordinated debt               20,848      26,080      114,797    93,203             -               -    135,645       119,283
 Debt issues                          -              -         -            -      8,561        7,318         8,561         7,318
 All other liabilities           12,726       8,266        4,456     2,213         1,899        2,792        19,081        13,271     Governance
 Total liabilities              766,462     771,290      189,536   163,965        41,582       60,839       997,580       996,094      Statement
 Net (liabilities) / assets    (401,318)   (414,283)     451,748   460,170        11,073       13,145        61,503        59,032


 Company


                                                                                                                                          Risk
 Assets
 Cash and liquid assets          23,959      56,121            -            -          -               -     23,959        56,121


                                                                                                                                       management
 Due from other banks           106,634     132,813         321           331          -               -    106,955       133,144
 Collateral placed               10,214      10,636            -            -          -               -     10,214        10,636
 Trading assets                  61,684      11,044       28,716    22,898            17         101         90,417        34,043
 Debt instruments                 6,499       7,092       39,837    35,002             -               -     46,336        42,094
 Other financial assets           1,147         405         561      2,344             -               -      1,708         2,749


                                                                                                                                         Report of
 Derivative assets                 571        1,311        2,134     4,408        31,079       54,932        33,784        60,651
 Loans and advances             108,016      96,689      491,059   488,174         8,609        7,816       607,684       592,679


                                                                                                                                       the Directors
 All other assets                 6,472       4,357         609           643     61,643       50,711        68,724        55,711
 Total assets                   325,196     320,468      563,237   553,800       101,348      113,560       989,781       987,828
 Liabilities
 Due to other banks              33,965      51,635            -    17,660             -               -     33,965        69,295
 Collateral received              9,281      15,365            -            -          -               -      9,281        15,365




                                                                                                                                         Financial report
 Other financial liabilities     42,512       2,340        9,233     6,620             -               -     51,745         8,960
 Derivative liabilities            957        1,021        1,566     3,076        33,587       53,397        36,110        57,494
 Deposits and
 other borrowings               560,238     589,160       48,403    27,801             -               -    608,641       616,961
 Bonds, notes and
 subordinated debt               20,587      25,995      103,742    83,679             -               -    124,329       109,674
 Debt issues                          -              -         -            -      8,561        7,318         8,561         7,318
 All other liabilities           11,567       6,670        3,324     1,745        45,735       44,218        60,626        52,633


                                                                                                                                        Additional
 Total liabilities              679,107     692,186      166,268   140,581        87,883      104,933       933,258       937,700
 Net (liabilities) / assets    (353,911)   (371,718)     396,969   413,219        13,465        8,627        56,523        50,128


                                                                                                                                       information




                                                                                                           2023 Annual Report   215
Notes to the financial statements

Note 20
Fair value of financial instruments

  Accounting policy
  Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
  market participants at the measurement date. Where the classification of a financial asset or liability results in it being
  measured at fair value, wherever possible, the fair value is determined with reference to the quoted bid or offer price in
  the most advantageous active market to which the Group has immediate access. An adjustment for credit risk (CVA) is also
  incorporated into the fair value as appropriate as well as an adjustment for funding costs (FVA) related to uncollateralised
  over-the-counter derivatives. The fair value measurement technique of each class of instrument is described below.

      Instrument                Fair value measurement technique
      Loans and advances        The fair value of loans and advances that are priced based on a variable rate with no
                                contractual repricing tenor is assumed to equate to the carrying value. The fair value of
                                all other loans and advances is calculated using discounted cash flow models based on the
                                maturity of the loans and advances. The discount rates applied are based on interest rates
                                at the reporting date for similar types of loans and advances, if the loans and advances were
                                performing at the reporting date.
      Deposits and              The fair value of deposits and other borrowings that are non-interest bearing or at call,
      other borrowings          is assumed to equate to the carrying value. The fair value of other deposits and other
                                borrowings is calculated using discounted cash flow models based on the deposit type
                                and maturity.
      Bonds, notes and          The fair values of bonds, notes and subordinated debt and debt issues are calculated based
      subordinated debt         on a discounted cash flow model using a yield curve appropriate to the remaining maturity of
      and debt issues           the instruments and appropriate credit spreads, or in some instances are calculated based
                                on market quoted prices when there is sufficient liquidity in the market.
      Derivatives               The fair values of trading and hedging derivative assets and liabilities are obtained from
                                quoted closing market prices at the reporting date, discounted cash flow models or option
                                pricing models as appropriate.
      Trading assets and        The fair values of trading assets and debt instruments are based on quoted closing market
      debt instruments          prices at the reporting date. Where securities are unlisted and quoted market prices are
                                not available, the Group obtains the fair value by means of discounted cash flows and other
                                valuation techniques that are commonly used by market participants. These techniques
                                address factors such as interest rates, credit risk and liquidity.
      Equity instruments        The fair value of equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income is
                                estimated on the basis of the actual and forecasted financial position and results of the
                                underlying assets or net assets taking into consideration their risk profile.
      Other financial           The fair values of other financial assets and liabilities are based on quoted closing market
      assets and liabilities    prices and data or valuation techniques, appropriate to the nature and type of the
                                underlying instrument.
      Due to controlled         Includes reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements that are classified as
      entities and              held for trading and measured at fair value through profit and loss. The fair values are based
      due from                  on a discounted cash flow model using an appropriate yield curve.
      controlled entities

  The carrying amounts of cash and liquid assets, due from and to other banks, other assets, other liabilities and amounts
  due from and to controlled entities, approximate their fair value as they are short-term in nature or are receivable or
  payable on demand.
  Guarantees, letters of credit, performance related contingencies and credit related commitments are generally not sold
  or traded and estimated fair values are not readily ascertainable. The fair value of these items are not calculated, as very
  few of the commitments extending beyond six months would commit the Group to a predetermined rate of interest, and
  the fees attaching to these commitments are the same as those currently charged for similar arrangements.
  Fair value for a net open position is the offer price for a financial liability and the bid price for a financial asset, multiplied by
  the number of units of the instrument issued or held.
  Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are deemed to have occurred at the beginning of the reporting period
  in which the transfer occurs.

  Critical accounting judgements and estimates
  A significant portion of financial instruments are carried on the balance sheet at fair value.
  Where no active market exists for a particular asset or liability, the Group uses a valuation technique to arrive at the fair
  value, including the use of transaction prices obtained in recent arm’s length transactions, discounted cash flow analysis,
  option pricing models and other valuation techniques, based on market conditions and risks existing at the reporting date.
  In doing so, fair value is estimated using a valuation technique that makes maximum use of observable market inputs and
  places minimal reliance upon entity-specific inputs.
  The best evidence of the fair value of a financial instrument at initial recognition is the transaction price (i.e. the fair value
  of the consideration given or received) unless the fair value of that instrument is evidenced by comparison with other
  observable current market transactions in the same instrument (i.e. without modification or repackaging) or based on a
  valuation technique whose variables include only data from observable markets. When such evidence exists, the Group
  recognises the difference between the transaction price and the fair value in profit or loss on initial recognition (i.e. on
  day one).



216   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 20 Fair value of financial instruments (cont.)

Fair value hierarchy
The level in the fair value hierarchy within which a fair value measurement is categorised is determined on the basis of the lowest

                                                                                                                                                     About
level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The fair value hierarchy is as follows:
•    Level 1 – Financial instruments that have been valued by reference to unadjusted quoted prices for identical financial assets

                                                                                                                                                  this report
     or financial liabilities in active markets. Financial instruments included in this category are Commonwealth of Australia and New
     Zealand government bonds, and spot and exchange traded derivatives.
•    Level 2 – Financial instruments that have been valued through valuation techniques incorporating inputs other than quoted
     prices within Level 1 that are observable for the financial asset or financial liability, either directly (as prices) or indirectly
     (derived from prices). Financial instruments included in this category are over-the-counter trading and hedging derivatives,
     semi-government bonds, financial institution and corporate bonds, mortgage-backed securities, loans measured at fair

                                                                                                                                                  Our business
     value, and issued bonds, notes and subordinated debt measured at fair value.
•    Level 3 – Financial instruments that have been valued through valuation techniques incorporating inputs that are not based

                                                                                                                                                     in 2023
     on observable market data. Unobservable inputs are those not readily available in an active market due to market illiquidity or
     complexity of the product. Financial instruments included in this category are bespoke trading derivatives, trading derivatives
     where the credit valuation adjustment is considered unobservable and significant to the valuation, and certain asset-backed
     securities valued using unobservable inputs.
Transfers into and out of Level 3 take place when there are changes to the inputs in the valuation technique. Where inputs are no
longer observable the fair value measurement is transferred into Level 3. Conversely, a measurement is transferred out of Level 3




                                                                                                                                                     Creating value
when inputs become observable.
The Group’s exposure to fair value measurements based in full or in part on unobservable inputs is restricted to a small number
of financial instruments, which comprise an insignificant component of the portfolios in which they belong. As such, a change in
the assumption used to value the instruments as at 30 September 2023 attributable to reasonably possible alternatives would
not have a material effect.

Fair value of financial instruments, carried at amortised cost
The financial assets and financial liabilities listed in the table below are carried at amortised cost. While this is the value at which
the Group expects the assets to be realised and the liabilities to be settled, the table below includes their fair values as at                   Corporate
30 September:
                                                                                                                                                 Governance
                                                                                                                                                  Statement
                                                                 2023                                            2022
                                            Carrying    Level    Level    Level      Fair   Carrying    Level     Level     Level       Fair
                                               value        1       2        3     value       value        1        2         3      value
                                                  $m       $m      $m       $m       $m           $m       $m       $m        $m        $m
    Group


                                                                                                                                                     Risk
    Financial assets
    Loans and advances                       702,702         -   5,530 693,672 699,202        680,434        -     4,744   670,807   675,551


                                                                                                                                                  management
    Total financial assets                   702,702         -   5,530 693,672 699,202        680,434        -     4,744   670,807   675,551
    Financial liabilities
    Deposits and other borrowings            682,120         - 683,857        - 683,857       683,526        -   683,530         -   683,530
    Bonds, notes and subordinated debt       135,645         - 135,405        7 135,412       119,283        -   118,417         -   118,417
    Debt issues                                8,561    7,802    1,040        -    8,842        7,318    6,466     1,065         -     7,531


                                                                                                                                                    Report of
    Total financial liabilities              826,326    7,802 820,302         7 828,111       810,127    6,466   803,012         -   809,478




                                                                                                                                                  the Directors
    Company
    Financial assets
    Loans and advances                       607,684         -   3,414 602,221 605,635        592,679        -     2,811   586,399   589,210
    Total financial assets                   607,684         -   3,414 602,221 605,635        592,679        -     2,811   586,399   589,210
    Financial liabilities




                                                                                                                                                    Financial report
    Deposits and other borrowings            608,641         - 610,438        - 610,438       616,961        -   617,073         -   617,073
    Bonds, notes and subordinated debt       124,329         - 122,888        - 122,888       109,674        -   107,792         -   107,792
    Debt issues                                8,561    7,802    1,040        -    8,842        7,318    6,466     1,065         -     7,531
    Total financial liabilities              741,531    7,802 734,366         - 742,168       733,953    6,466   725,930         -   732,396




                                                                                                                                                   Additional

                                                                                                                                                  information




                                                                                                                     2023 Annual Report    217
Notes to the financial statements

Note 20 Fair value of financial instruments (cont.)

Fair value measurements recognised on the balance sheet

                                                                               2023                                      2022
                                                               Level 1   Level 2      Level 3     Total   Level 1   Level 2     Level 3    Total
                                                                  $m         $m          $m         $m       $m        $m          $m        $m
 Group
 Financial assets
 Trading assets                                                30,482     70,686            -   101,168   27,393     13,180           -    40,573
 Debt instruments                                               2,691     43,377         289     46,357    3,625     37,732        723     42,080
 Other financial assets                                              -     1,243         187      1,430        -      1,740        321      2,061
 Derivative assets                                                   -    33,946         323     34,269        -     60,567        449     61,016
 Equity instruments(1)                                               -         -         257       257         -          -        187       187
 Total financial assets measured at fair value                 33,173    149,252       1,056    183,481   31,018    113,219       1,680   145,917
 Financial liabilities
 Other financial liabilities                                    5,453     60,899            -    66,352    2,441     20,845           -    23,286
 Derivative liabilities                                              -    35,362         271     35,633        -     57,117        369     57,486
 Total financial liabilities measured at fair value             5,453     96,261         271    101,985    2,441     77,962        369     80,772


 Company
 Financial assets
 Trading assets                                                27,935     62,482            -    90,417   24,303      9,740           -    34,043
 Debt instruments                                               2,691     43,356         289     46,336    3,626     37,745        723     42,094
 Other financial assets                                              -     1,521         187      1,708        -      2,428        321      2,749
 Derivative assets                                                   -    33,461         323     33,784        -     60,202        449     60,651
 Equity instruments(1)                                               -         -         122       122         -          -         86        86
 Due from controlled entities                                        -     1,238            -     1,238        -          -           -         -
 Total financial assets measured at fair value                 30,626    142,058         921    173,605   27,929    110,115       1,579   139,623
 Financial liabilities
 Other financial liabilities                                    5,254     46,491            -    51,745    2,198      6,762           -     8,960
 Derivative liabilities                                              -    35,839         271     36,110        -     57,125        369     57,494
 Due to controlled entities                                          -     1,159            -     1,159        -          -           -         -
 Total financial liabilities measured at fair value             5,254     83,489         271     89,014    2,198     63,887        369     66,454
 (1) Includes fair value through profit or loss instruments.


There were no material transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the 2023 financial year for the Group and the Company.




218   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 20 Fair value of financial instruments (cont.)

The table below summarises changes in fair value classified as Level 3:

                                                                                               Assets                                      Liabilities
                                                                 Derivatives             Debt instruments         Other(1)                Derivatives                About

                                                                                                                                                                  this report
                                                                2023          2022         2023         2022    2023         2022        2023        2022
                                                                  $m            $m            $m         $m      $m           $m           $m            $m
 Group
 Balance at the beginning of year                                449           148           723         919    508           369         369             96
 Gains / (losses) on assets and (gains) /
 losses on liabilities recognised:
  In profit or loss(2)                                            (20)         245              -          -       7          (50)         (18)          253
                                                                                                                                                                  Our business
  In other comprehensive income(2)                                   -            -             5        (15)     17           12            -             -

                                                                                                                                                                     in 2023
 Purchases and issues                                              25            72           77         386      59          461            -            20
 Sales and settlements                                               -          (13)        (237)       (380)   (112)        (280)           -             -
 Transfers into Level 3                                            20             -           72         250       -            -            -             1
 Transfers out of Level 3                                       (153)            (1)        (351)       (438)    (49)           -          (81)            -




                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value
 Foreign currency translation adjustments                           2            (2)            -          1      14           (4)           1            (1)
 Balance at end of year                                          323           449           289         723    444           508         271            369
 Gains / (losses) on assets and (gains) /
 losses on liabilities for the reporting period
 related to financial instruments held at the
 end of the reporting period recognised:
  In profit or loss(2)                                            (20)         245              -          -       7          (50)         (18)          253
  In other comprehensive income(2)                                   -            -             5        (15)     17           12            -             -


 Company                                                                                                                                                          Corporate
 Balance at the beginning of year                                449           148           723         919    407           285         369             96
                                                                                                                                                                 Governance
 Gains / (losses) on assets and (gains) /
 losses on liabilities recognised:                                                                                                                                Statement
  In profit or loss(2)                                            (20)         245              -          -       7          (50)         (18)          253
  In other comprehensive income(2)                                   -            -             5        (15)     16           (4)           -             -
 Purchases and issues                                              25            72           77         386      20          419            -            20


                                                                                                                                                                     Risk
 Sales and settlements                                               -          (13)        (237)       (380)   (105)        (242)           -             -
 Transfers into Level 3                                            20             -           72         250       -            -            -             1


                                                                                                                                                                  management
 Transfers out of Level 3                                       (153)            (1)        (351)       (438)    (49)           -          (81)            -
 Foreign currency translation adjustments                           2            (2)            -          1      13           (1)           1            (1)
 Balance at end of year                                          323           449           289         723    309           407         271            369
 Gains / (losses) on assets and (gains) /
 losses on liabilities for the reporting period
 related to financial instruments held at the


                                                                                                                                                                    Report of
 end of the reporting period recognised:
  In profit or loss(2)                                            (20)         245              -          -       7          (50)         (18)          253
  In other comprehensive income(2)                                   -            -             5        (15)     16           (4)           -             -
 (1) Includes other financial assets and equity instruments.
 (2) Comparative information has been restated to align to the presentation in the current period.
                                                                                                                                                                  the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                   Additional

                                                                                                                                                                  information




                                                                                                                                     2023 Annual Report    219
Notes to the financial statements

Note 21
Financial asset transfers
The Group and the Company enter into transactions by which they transfer financial assets to counterparties or to structured entities. Financial assets that do not qualify for derecognition
are typically associated with repurchase agreements, covered bonds and securitisation program agreements. The following table sets out the carrying amount of financial assets that did
not qualify for derecognition and their associated liabilities. Where relevant, the table also sets out the net position of the fair value of financial assets where the counterparty to the
associated liabilities has recourse only to the transferred assets.

                                                                                                        Group                                                                                 Company
                                                                  Repurchase                                                                                            Repurchase
                                                                  agreements                      Covered bonds                      Securitisation                     agreements         Covered bonds       Securitisation(1)(2)
                                                                 2023            2022              2023            2022              2023            2022              2023      2022       2023        2022     2023          2022
                                                                   $m              $m                 $m             $m                 $m             $m                 $m         $m       $m         $m        $m            $m
 Carrying amount of transferred assets                         44,955          60,136            40,508          35,343              2,545           3,477           39,401     56,327     33,439    29,742     2,738          3,757
 Carrying amount of associated liabilities                     40,282          54,005            33,617          26,874              2,545           3,477           35,646     50,823     27,701    22,298     2,738          3,757
 For those liabilities that have recourse
 only to the transferred assets
 Fair value of transferred assets                                  n/a             n/a               n/a             n/a             2,532           3,452               n/a         n/a     n/a         n/a    2,729          3,735
 Fair value of associated liabilities                              n/a             n/a               n/a             n/a             2,541           3,452               n/a         n/a     n/a         n/a    2,706          3,693
 Net position                                                      n/a             n/a               n/a             n/a                 (9)              -              n/a         n/a     n/a         n/a        23            42
 (1) Securitisation assets exclude $124,807 million of assets (2022: $127,801 million) where the Company holds all of the issued instruments of the securitisation vehicle.
 (2) Comparative information has been restated to align to the presentation in the current period.




220   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Other assets and liabilities

Note 22
Goodwill and other intangible assets
                                                                                                                                             About

  Accounting policy                                                                                                                       this report

  Goodwill
  Goodwill arises on the acquisition of an entity and represents the excess of the consideration paid over the fair value of
  the identifiable net assets acquired.


                                                                                                                                          Our business
  Software costs
  External and internal costs that are incurred to acquire or develop software are capitalised and recognised as an

                                                                                                                                             in 2023
  intangible asset. Capitalised software costs and other intangible assets are amortised on a systematic basis once
  deployed, using the straight-line method over their expected useful lives which are between three and ten years.

  Impairment of intangible assets
  Assets with an indefinite useful life, including goodwill, are not subject to amortisation and are tested on an annual basis




                                                                                                                                             Creating value
  for impairment, and additionally whenever an indication of impairment exists. Assets that are subject to amortisation are
  reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
  recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its
  recoverable amount.
  The recoverable amount of an asset is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal or its value in use. For assets
  that do not generate largely independent cash inflows, the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit
  (CGU) to which that asset belongs.
  Goodwill impairment is assessed for each CGU or group of CGUs that represents the lowest level within the Group at which
  goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes.
                                                                                                                                          Corporate
  Recoverable amounts of CGUs
  The recoverable amount of a CGU is determined using either value in use or fair value less costs of disposal. Assumptions
                                                                                                                                         Governance
  for determining the recoverable amount of each CGU are based on past experience and expectations for the future. Cash                   Statement
  flow projections for value in use are based on the latest management approved forecasts and are then extrapolated using
  a constant growth rate for up to a further five years. These forecasts use management estimates to determine income,
  expenses, capital expenditure and cash flows for each CGU.
  The discount rate used reflects the market determined post-tax discount rate which is adjusted for specific risks relating

                                                                                                                                             Risk
  to the CGUs and the countries in which they operate. The growth rate applied to extrapolate cash flows beyond the
  forecast period are based on forecast assumptions of the CGUs’ long-term performance in their respective markets.


                                                                                                                                          management
  Critical accounting judgements and estimates
  The measurement of goodwill is subject to a number of key judgements and estimates. These include:
  •   The allocation of goodwill to CGUs on initial recognition.
  •   The re-allocation of goodwill in the event of disposal or reorganisation.


                                                                                                                                            Report of
  •   The appropriate cash flow forecasts, growth rates and discount rates.
  Further details about these items are provided below.


                                                                                                                                          the Directors




                                                                                                                                            Financial report




                                                                                                                                           Additional

                                                                                                                                          information




                                                                                                              2023 Annual Report   221
Notes to the financial statements

Note 22 Goodwill and other intangible assets (cont.)

                                                                                                            Group                                Company
                                                                                                        2023               2022                2023               2022
                                                                                                          $m                 $m                  $m                 $m
 Goodwill and other intangible assets
 Goodwill                                                                                              2,070               2,089                  80                 99
 Internally generated software                                                                         2,484               2,174              2,052               1,837
 Acquired software                                                                                       238                 208                115                  71
 Other acquired intangible assets(1)                                                                     160                 181                145                 165
 Total goodwill and other intangible assets                                                            4,952               4,652              2,392               2,172
 At cost                                                                                              11,560             10,627               7,949               7,207
 Deduct: Accumulated amortisation / impairment losses                                                 (6,608)             (5,975)            (5,557)             (5,035)
 Total goodwill and other intangible assets                                                            4,952               4,652              2,392               2,172
 (1) Other acquired intangible assets primarily relate to the Citi consumer business customer relationships and core deposits.


Reconciliation of movements in goodwill and internally generated software

                                                                                                            Group                                Company
                                                                                                        2023               2022                2023               2022
                                                                                                          $m                 $m                  $m                 $m
 Goodwill
 Balance at beginning of year                                                                          2,089               1,964                  99                  -
 Acquisition of controlled entities and business combinations(1)(2)                                       (19)               125                 (19)                99
 Balance at end of year                                                                                2,070               2,089                  80                 99


 Internally generated software
 Balance at beginning of year                                                                          2,174               1,956              1,837               1,703
 Additions from internal development                                                                     863                 730                702                 584
 Disposals, impairments and write-offs                                                                     (9)               (23)                 (2)               (23)
 Amortisation                                                                                           (558)               (497)              (485)               (449)
 Foreign currency translation adjustments                                                                  14                    8                 -                 22
 Balance at end of year                                                                                2,484               2,174              2,052               1,837
 (1) Goodwill decreased by $19 million compared to the September 2022 financial year due to post-completion adjustments arising from the Group's acquisition of the Citi
     consumer business during the September 2022 financial year.
 (2) Refer to Note 38 Acquisitions of subsidiaries for further details.




222   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 22 Goodwill and other intangible assets (cont.)

Goodwill allocation to CGUs
The key assumptions used in determining the recoverable amount of CGUs, to which goodwill has been allocated, are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                          Terminal               About
                                                                                                                                       Discount            growth
                                                                                                                                                                              this report
                                                                                                                                        rate per          rate per
                                                                                                         Goodwill                        annum              annum
                                                                                                      2023              2022                 2023              2023
                                                                                                        $m                $m                     %                     %
 CGUs


                                                                                                                                                                              Our business
 Business and Private Banking                                                                            94                94                  9.9                3.4
 New Zealand Banking                                                                                   258                258                10.4                 3.1


                                                                                                                                                                                 in 2023
 Personal Banking(1)                                                                                  1,592             1,611                  9.9                3.4
 ubank                                                                                                 126                126                10.4                 3.4
 Total goodwill                                                                                       2,070             2,089                 n/a                n/a
 (1) Goodwill in the Personal Banking CGU decreased by $19 million compared to the September 2022 financial year due to post-completion adjustments arising from the
     Group's acquisition of the Citi consumer business during the September 2022 financial year.




                                                                                                                                                                                 Creating value
Note 23
Other assets
                                                                                                          Group                                Company
                                                                                                      2023              2022                 2023              2022
                                                                                                        $m                $m                   $m                $m
 Other assets
 Accrued interest receivable                                                                          2,527             1,608               2,285              1,459
                                                                                                                                                                              Corporate
 Prepayments                                                                                           328                314                 264                260         Governance
                                                                                                                                                                              Statement
 Receivables                                                                                           349                555                 102                 80
 Other debt instruments at amortised cost                                                                97               197                 608                586
 Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income                                   245                175                 111                 75
 Investment in associates - MLC Life(1)                                                                515                486                 477                477


                                                                                                                                                                                 Risk
 Securities sold not delivered                                                                        3,742             2,402               3,447              1,980
 Other                                                                                                 576                736                 423                645
 Total other assets                                                                                   8,379             6,473               7,717              5,562

                                                                                                                                                                              management
 (1) Refer to table (b) in Note 32 Interest in subsidiaries and other entities for further details.




                                                                                                                                                                                Report of


                                                                                                                                                                              the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                               Additional

                                                                                                                                                                              information




                                                                                                                                            2023 Annual Report         223
Notes to the financial statements

Note 24
Provisions

  Accounting policy

  Provisions
  Provisions are recognised when the Group has a legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable
  that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and the amount of the obligation can be
  reliably estimated. Provisions are not discounted to the present value of their expected net future cash flows except
  where the time value of money is material.

  Operational risk event losses
  Provisions are recognised for non-lending losses which include losses arising from specific legal actions not directly
  related to amounts of principal outstanding for loans and advances, and losses arising from forgeries, fraud and the
  correction of operational issues.

  Customer-related and payroll remediation
  Provisions for customer-related and payroll remediation include provisions for potential refunds and other compensation
  to customers, payments to colleagues, as well as associated program costs.

  Critical accounting judgements and estimates
  Provisions are held in respect of a range of future obligations such as employee entitlements, restructuring costs,
  customer-related and payroll remediation. The recognition and measurement of some of these provisions involves
  significant judgement about the existence of a present obligation, the likely outcome of various future events and the
  related estimated future cash flows. If the future events are uncertain or where the outflows cannot be reliably measured
  a contingent liability is disclosed, refer to Note 31 Commitments and contingent liabilities.
  Payments that are expected to be incurred after more than one year from the reporting date are discounted at a rate
  which reflects both current interest rates and the risks specific to that provision.
  In relation to customer-related remediation, determining the amount of the provision requires the exercise of significant
  judgement. This includes forming a view on a number of different estimates, including the number of impacted
  customers, average refund per customer and the associated costs required to complete the remediation activities. The
  appropriateness of underlying assumptions is reviewed on a regular basis against actual experience and other available
  evidence, and adjustments are made to the provision where required.



                                                                                  Group                        Company
                                                                               2023          2022            2023           2022
                                                                                $m             $m              $m               $m
 Provisions
 Employee entitlements                                                        1,021          1,026            872               905
 Operational risk event losses                                                   43             47             25                29
 Customer-related and payroll remediation                                       305            557            305               554
 Other                                                                          483            466            449               409
 Total provisions                                                             1,852          2,096           1,651          1,897




224   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 24 Provisions (cont.)

Reconciliation of movements in provisions

                                                                                                             Group                                 Company
                                                                                                         2023               2022                 2023               2022           About

                                                                                                                                                                                this report
                                                                                                           $m                 $m                   $m                 $m
 Operational risk event losses
 Balance at beginning of year                                                                               47                134                   29                 81
 Provisions made(1)                                                                                         90                 35                   68                 32
 Payments out of provisions                                                                                (94)               (92)                 (72)                (84)


                                                                                                                                                                                Our business
 Provisions no longer required and net foreign currency movements                                             -               (30)                    -                  -
 Balance at end of year                                                                                     43                 47                   25                 29


 Customer-related and payroll remediation                                                                                                                                          in 2023
 Balance at beginning of year                                                                             557               1,231                  554              1,221
 Provisions made (continuing operations)                                                                    52                179                   51                181
 Provisions made (discontinued operations)                                                                  35                160                   35                160




                                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value
 Payments out of provisions                                                                              (339)             (1,013)               (335)             (1,008)
 Balance at end of year                                                                                   305                 557                  305                554
 (1) Amounts include provisions made in both continuing and discontinued operations.



Note 25
Other liabilities
                                                                                                             Group                                 Company                      Corporate
                                                                                                         2023               2022                 2023               2022
                                                                                                                                                                               Governance
                                                                                                           $m                 $m                   $m                 $m
 Other liabilities                                                                                                                                                              Statement
 Accrued interest payable                                                                               4,599               1,840               4,011               1,644
 Payables and accrued expenses                                                                          1,094               1,377                  684                692
 Securities purchased not delivered                                                                     5,341               2,824               5,048               2,223


                                                                                                                                                                                   Risk
 Lease liabilities                                                                                      2,259               2,238               1,816               1,978
 Trail commission payable(1)                                                                            1,795                    -              1,330                    -


                                                                                                                                                                                management
 Other                                                                                                  1,129               1,885               1,049               1,844
 Total other liabilities                                                                               16,217              10,164              13,938               8,381
 (1) During the 2023 financial year, the Group revised its accounting treatment of trail commissions payable to mortgage brokers to recognise a liability representing the
     present value of expected future trail commission payments and a corresponding increase in capitalised brokerage costs within 'Loans and advances'. Comparative
     information has not been restated. Refer to Note 1 Basis of preparation for further information.




                                                                                                                                                                                  Report of


                                                                                                                                                                                the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                  Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                 Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                information




                                                                                                                                                 2023 Annual Report      225
Notes to the financial statements

Note 26
Leases

  Accounting policy
  At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains,
  a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
  consideration. At inception or on reassessment of a contract that contains a lease component, the Group allocates the
  consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone selling prices. For leases
  of land and buildings where the Group is the lessee, the Group has elected not to separate non-lease components, and
  accounts for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component.
  The Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use asset
  is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made
  at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and
  remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset, less any lease incentives received.
  The right-of-use asset is subsequently measured under the cost model and depreciated using the straight-line method
  from the commencement date to the end of the lease term. In addition, the right-of-use asset is reviewed for impairment
  and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability.
  The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that have not been paid at the
  commencement date, discounted using the Group’s incremental borrowing rate which is based on the Group’s funds
  transfer pricing curve. The lease liability is subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
  It is remeasured when there is a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, there is a change
  in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the
  amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if the Group changes its assessment of whether it will
  exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. The Group does not include extension options in the measurement
  of the lease liability until such time that it is reasonably certain that the options will be exercised.
  The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases and leases of
  low-value assets. The Group recognises the lease payments associated with these leases as an expense on a straight-line
  basis over the lease term.
  When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating
  lease. To classify each lease, the Group makes an overall assessment of whether the lease transfers substantially all the
  risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset. Where this is the case, the lease is a finance lease. All
  other leases are classified as operating leases.



Effect of leases on the balance sheets

                                                                                   Group                        Company
                                                                               2023           2022            2023          2022
                                                                                 $m             $m             $m                $m
 Right-of-use assets
 Property, plant and equipment
  Buildings                                                                    1,912          1,883          1,481          1,628
  Technology                                                                      47            63              45                60
 Total right-of-use assets                                                     1,959          1,946          1,526          1,688


 Additions to right-of-use assets during the period                             334            601             121               589


 Lease liabilities
 Other liabilities                                                             2,259          2,238          1,816          1,978
 Total lease liabilities                                                       2,259          2,238          1,816          1,978




226   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 26 Leases (cont.)

Effect of leases on the income statements

                                                                                 Group                       Company
                                                                              2023          2022            2023           2022            About

                                                                                                                                        this report
                                                                                $m            $m             $m             $m
 Depreciation
 Buildings                                                                     318            331            264            284
 Technology                                                                     20             17             18                16
 Total depreciation on right-of-use assets                                     338            348            282            300


 Interest                                                                                                                               Our business

                                                                                                                                           in 2023
 Interest expense on lease liabilities                                          49             46             39                40
 Total interest expense on lease liabilities                                    49             46             39                40


 Short-term lease expense
 Short-term lease expense                                                        7             11                 4              5




                                                                                                                                           Creating value
 Total short-term lease expense                                                  7             11                 4              5


Future cash flow effect of leases
The table below is a maturity analysis of future lease payments in respect of existing lease arrangements on an
undiscounted basis.

                                                                                 Group                       Company
                                                                              2023          2022            2023           2022
                                                                                $m            $m             $m             $m          Corporate
                                                                                                                                       Governance
 Due within one year                                                           361            339            306            294
 Due after one year but no later than five years                              1,151         1,120            974            992
 Due after five years                                                         1,176           997            686            855         Statement
 Total future lease payments                                                  2,688         2,456          1,966           2,141




                                                                                                                                           Risk


                                                                                                                                        management




                                                                                                                                          Report of


                                                                                                                                        the Directors




                                                                                                                                          Financial report




                                                                                                                                         Additional

                                                                                                                                        information




                                                                                                           2023 Annual Report    227
Notes to the financial statements

Capital management

Note 27
Contributed equity
In accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), the Company does not have authorised capital and all ordinary shares have
no par value. Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or
options are included within equity. Holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as determined from time to time
and are entitled to one vote, on a show of hands or on a poll, for each fully paid ordinary share held at shareholders’ meetings.
In the event of a winding-up of the Company, ordinary shareholders rank after all other shareholders and creditors and are fully
entitled to any residual proceeds of liquidation.

                                                                                   Group                       Company
                                                                               2023           2022            2023          2022
                                                                                 $m            $m              $m             $m
 Issued and paid-up ordinary share capital
 Ordinary shares, fully paid                                                  38,546         39,399         37,760         38,613
 Total contributed equity                                                     38,546         39,399         37,760         38,613


Reconciliation of movement in ordinary shares

                                                                                   Group                       Company
                                                                               2023           2022            2023          2022
                                                                                 $m            $m              $m             $m
 Balance at beginning of year                                                 39,399         43,247         38,613         42,461
 Shares issued:
  Dividend reinvestment plan                                                    693            500             693           500
  Transfer from equity-based compensation reserve                                 74            69              74            69
 Purchase of treasury shares for employee share offer                            (23)             -            (23)             -
 On-market purchase of shares for dividend reinvestment
 plan neutralisation                                                            (693)         (500)           (693)          (500)
 Share buy-back                                                                 (904)        (3,917)          (904)        (3,917)
 Balance at end of year                                                       38,546         39,399         37,760         38,613




228   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 27 Contributed equity (cont.)

The number of ordinary shares on issue for the last two years as at 30 September was as follows:

                                                                                                                    Company
                                                                                                                  2023           2022            About

                                                                                                                                              this report
                                                                                                               No. ’000       No. ’000
 Ordinary shares, fully paid
 Balance at beginning of year                                                                                3,153,813       3,281,991
 Shares issued:
   Dividend reinvestment plan                                                                                   24,676          16,890


                                                                                                                                              Our business
   Bonus share plan                                                                                              1,338           1,227
   Share-based payments                                                                                          3,628           5,547


                                                                                                                                                 in 2023
 Paying up of partly paid shares                                                                                     3                 -
 On-market purchase of shares for dividend reinvestment plan neutralisation                                    (24,676)        (16,890)
 Share buy-back                                                                                                (29,833)       (134,952)
 Total ordinary shares, fully paid                                                                           3,128,949       3,153,813
 Ordinary shares, partly paid to 25 cents




                                                                                                                                                 Creating value
 Balance at beginning of year                                                                                       12                12
 Paying up of partly paid shares                                                                                    (3)                -
 Total ordinary shares, partly paid to 25 cents                                                                      9                12
 Total ordinary shares (including treasury shares)                                                           3,128,958       3,153,825
 Less: Treasury shares                                                                                          (8,137)         (6,331)
 Total ordinary shares (excluding treasury shares)                                                           3,120,821       3,147,494


Note 28                                                                                                                                       Corporate
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                    Governance
Non-controlling interests represent the share in the net assets of controlled entities attributable to equity interests which the
Company does not own directly or indirectly.                                                                                                  Statement

                                                                                      Group                         Company
                                                                                  2023           2022             2023           2022


                                                                                                                                                 Risk
                                                                                    $m             $m              $m                $m
 Non-controlling interests


                                                                                                                                              management
 BNZ perpetual preference shares                                                    349              -                -                -
 Total                                                                              349              -                -                -


Bank of New Zealand preference shares
On 14 June 2023, Bank of New Zealand (BNZ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group, issued NZD $375 million of perpetual
preference shares (PPS) that are classified as non-controlling interests to the Group. The balance as at 30 September 2023

                                                                                                                                                Report of
represents an AUD equivalent of $341 million of PPS issued and $8 million impact of changes in the exchange rate between AUD
and NZD during the 2023 financial year.


                                                                                                                                              the Directors
The key terms of the PPS are summarised below:

PPS distributions
Distributions on the PPS are discretionary and non-cumulative. If a PPS distribution is not paid in full within 3 business days of
a distribution payment date, BNZ must not authorise or pay a dividend on its ordinary shares, acquire its ordinary shares or




                                                                                                                                                Financial report
otherwise undertake a capital reduction in respect of its ordinary shares, until a subsequent PPS distribution is paid in full or
there are no longer any PPS outstanding.
The distribution rate for the PPS is fixed at 7.30% per annum until the first optional redemption date of 14 June 2029. After this date
the distribution rate will be a floating rate, reset quarterly, equal to the New Zealand 3 month bank bill rate plus 3.0%. Scheduled
distribution payment dates are on 14 March, 14 June, 14 September and 14 December each year. Any distributions will comprise a
cash amount and imputation credits.

Redemption
The PPS have no fixed maturity date and will remain on issue indefinitely if not redeemed by BNZ.

                                                                                                                                               Additional
BNZ may redeem the PPS on the first optional redemption date of 14 June 2029 or on each quarterly scheduled distribution
payment date thereafter, or at any time if a tax event or regulatory event occurs. Redemption is subject to certain conditions

                                                                                                                                              information
being met, including obtaining the RBNZ’s approval. Holders of PPS have no right to require that the PPS be redeemed.




                                                                                                                 2023 Annual Report    229
Notes to the financial statements

Note 29
Reserves

  Accounting policy

  Foreign currency translation reserve
  Exchange differences arising on translation of the Group’s foreign operations, any offsetting gains or losses on net
  investment hedges and any associated tax effect are reflected in the foreign currency translation reserve.
  The results and financial position of the Group entities that have a functional currency different from Australian dollars are
  translated into Australian dollars as follows:
  •    Assets and liabilities are translated at the closing exchange rate at the balance sheet date.
  •    Income and expenses are translated at average exchange rates for the period.
  •    All resulting exchange differences are recognised in the foreign currency translation reserve.
  A cumulative credit balance in this reserve would not normally be regarded as available for payment of dividends until such
  gains are realised and recognised in the income statement on sale or disposal of the foreign operation.

  Asset revaluation reserve
  The asset revaluation reserve is used to record revaluation adjustments on land and buildings. When an asset is sold or
  disposed of the related balance in the reserve is transferred directly to retained profits.

  Cash flow hedge reserve and cost of hedging reserve
  For qualifying hedging instruments, the Group excludes foreign currency basis spreads from hedge designations. Any
  change in the fair value of these hedging instruments for changes in cross currency basis spreads is deferred to the cost
  of hedging reserve and released to profit or loss either when the hedged exposure affects profit or loss or on a systematic
  basis over the life of the hedge. The cumulative movements are expected to be nil by maturity of the hedging instruments.

  Equity-based compensation reserve
  The equity-based compensation reserve comprises the fair value of shares and rights provided to employees.

  Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income reserve
  The reserve includes all changes in the fair value of investments in debt instruments that are measured at fair value
  through other comprehensive income, other than impairment losses, foreign exchange gains and losses, interest income
  and net of any related hedge accounting adjustments. The cumulative amount recognised in the reserve is transferred to
  profit or loss when the related asset is derecognised.

  Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income reserve
  The Group has made an irrevocable election to measure certain investments in equity instruments that are not held for
  trading purposes at fair value through other comprehensive income. Changes in the fair value of these investments are
  recognised in this reserve, while dividends are recognised in profit or loss. The cumulative amount recognised in the
  reserve is transferred directly to retained profits when the related asset is derecognised.




230   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 29 Reserves (cont.)

Reserves

                                                                                                         Group                   Company
                                                                                                     2023        2022          2023           2022             About

                                                                                                                                                            this report
                                                                                                       $m          $m            $m            $m
 Foreign currency translation reserve                                                                 156         (516)         (134)         (222)
 Asset revaluation reserve                                                                             21           25             -                 -
 Cash flow hedge reserve                                                                            (1,611)      (1,667)      (1,688)        (1,900)
 Cost of hedging reserve                                                                              (34)          81            (5)              28


                                                                                                                                                            Our business
 Equity-based compensation reserve                                                                    237          180          237            180
 Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income reserve                               5          36             5               36


                                                                                                                                                               in 2023
 Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income reserve                           34           22            20                4
 Total reserves                                                                                     (1,192)      (1,839)      (1,565)        (1,874)


Foreign currency translation reserve

                                                                                                         Group                   Company




                                                                                                                                                               Creating value
                                                                                                     2023        2022          2023           2022
                                                                                                       $m          $m            $m            $m
 Balance at beginning of year                                                                        (516)         288          (222)         (200)
 Transfer from retained profits                                                                          -           1             -                 -
 Currency adjustments on translation of foreign operations, net of hedging                            701         (776)         117                (22)
 Transfer to the income statement on disposal or partial disposal of
 foreign operations(1)                                                                                (29)         (29)          (29)                -

                                                                                                                                                            Corporate
 Balance at end of year                                                                               156         (516)         (134)         (222)
 (1) Partial disposals of foreign operations include returns of capital made by foreign branches.
                                                                                                                                                           Governance
Note 30                                                                                                                                                     Statement
Dividends
                                                                                                                            Amount          Total


                                                                                                                                                               Risk
                                                                                                                           per share      amount
                                                                                                                              cents            $m
 Dividends paid

                                                                                                                                                            management
 For the year ended 30 September 2023
 Final dividend determined in respect of the year ended 30 September 2022                                                         78         2,460
 Interim dividend determined in respect of the year ended 30 September 2023                                                       83         2,605
 Deduct: Bonus shares in lieu of dividend                                                                                        n/a           (38)
 Dividends paid by the Company during the year ended 30 September 2023                                                           n/a         5,027
 Add: Dividends paid to non-controlling interests in controlled entities                                                         n/a                5
                                                                                                                                                              Report of
 Total dividends paid by the Group (before dividend reinvestment plan)                                                           n/a         5,032

                                                                                                                                                            the Directors
 For the year ended 30 September 2022
 Final dividend determined in respect of the year ended 30 September 2021                                                         67          2,196
 Interim dividend determined in respect of the year ended 30 September 2022                                                       73          2,347




                                                                                                                                                              Financial report
 Deduct: Bonus shares in lieu of dividend                                                                                        n/a               (37)
 Total dividends paid by the Group (before dividend reinvestment plan)                                                           n/a          4,506


Dividends paid during 2023 were fully franked at a tax rate of 30% (2022: 30%).




                                                                                                                                                             Additional

                                                                                                                                                            information




                                                                                                                              2023 Annual Report     231
Notes to the financial statements

Note 30 Dividends (cont.)

Final dividend
On 9 November 2023, the directors determined the following dividend:

                                                                                                                           Franked
                                                                                               Amount          Total        amount
                                                                                              per share      amount       per share
                                                                                                  cents           $m              %
 Final dividend determined in respect of the year ended 30 September 2023                            84         2,628           100


The 2023 final dividend is payable on 15 December 2023. The DRP discount for the 2023 final dividend is nil. Eligible shareholders
have the ability to participate in the DRP for the 2023 final dividend for up to 5 million NAB ordinary shares per participant. The
financial effect of this dividend has not been brought to account in the financial statements for the year ended 30 September
2023 and will be recognised in subsequent financial reports.

Australian franking credits
The franking credits available to the Company as at 30 September 2023 are estimated to be $768 million (2022: $665 million) after
allowing for Australian tax payable in respect of the current reporting period's profit and the receipt of dividends recognised as a
receivable at reporting date.
The final 2023 dividend will utilise the balance of franking credits available as at 30 September 2023. The Company's franking
account will fluctuate during the year depending on the timing of tax and dividend payments. A surplus franking account balance
is only required as at 30 June each year for the purpose of complying with Australian income tax legislation. Instalment tax
payments made after 30 September 2023 will generate sufficient franking credits to enable the final 2023 dividend to be fully
franked and comply with the income tax legislation.
Franking is not guaranteed. The extent to which future dividends on ordinary shares and distributions on frankable hybrids will be
franked will depend on a number of factors, including capital management activities and the level of profits that will be subject to
tax in Australia.

New Zealand imputation credits
The New Zealand imputation credits available to the Company as at 30 September 2023 are estimated to be NZD $2,273 million
(2022: NZD $232 million). The increase in this balance is due to the NZD $5.0 billion dividend that was paid by BNZ in the 2023
financial year.
The Company is able to attach available New Zealand imputation credits to dividends paid. As a result, New Zealand imputation
credits of NZD $0.15 per share will be attached to the final 2023 dividend payable by the Company. New Zealand imputation credits
are only relevant for shareholders who are required to file New Zealand income tax returns.




232   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Unrecognised items

Note 31
Commitments and contingent liabilities
                                                                                                                                                                    About

     Accounting policy                                                                                                                                           this report
     The Group discloses certain items as contingent liabilities, as they are either possible obligations whose existence will be
     confirmed only by uncertain future events, or they are present obligations where a transfer of economic resources is not
     probable or cannot be reliably measured. Contingent liabilities are not recognised on the balance sheet but are disclosed
     unless an outflow of economic resources is remote.

                                                                                                                                                                 Our business
Commitments
Financial assets are pledged as collateral predominantly under repurchase agreements with other banks. The financial assets
                                                                                                                                                                    in 2023
pledged by the Group are strictly for the purpose of providing collateral for the counterparty. These transactions are conducted
under terms that are usual and customary to standard lending and securities borrowing and lending activities, as well as
requirements determined by exchanges where the Group acts as an intermediary. Repurchase agreements that do not qualify
for derecognition are reported in Note 21 Financial asset transfers.




                                                                                                                                                                    Creating value
Bank guarantees and letters of credit
The Group provides guarantees in its normal course of business on behalf of its customers. Guarantees written are conditional
commitments issued by the Group to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Guarantees are primarily issued
to support direct financial obligations such as commercial bills or other debt instruments issued by a counterparty. The Group
has four principal types of guarantees:
•    Bank guarantees.
•    Standby letters of credit.
•    Documentary letters of credit.                                                                                                                              Corporate
•    Performance-related contingencies.
                                                                                                                                                                Governance
The Group considers all bank guarantees and letters of credit as “at call” for liquidity management purposes because it has no
control over when the holder might call upon the instrument.                                                                                                     Statement

                                                                                                                   Group               Company
                                                                                                            2023            2022     2023            2022


                                                                                                                                                                    Risk
                                                                                                              $m             $m        $m             $m
    Bank guarantees and letters of credit
    Bank guarantees                                                                                        5,249            4,912    5,421           4,859
    Standby letters of credit                                                                              7,380            7,270    7,380           7,270
                                                                                                                                                                 management
    Documentary letters of credit                                                                          2,767            3,358    2,434           2,942
    Performance-related contingencies(1)                                                                 10,925            10,143    9,402           8,887
    Total bank guarantees and letters of credit                                                          26,321            25,683   24,637         23,958


                                                                                                                                                                   Report of
    (1) Comparative information has been restated to reflect product reclassification in the 2023 financial year


Clearing and settlement obligations

                                                                                                                                                                 the Directors
The Group is subject to a commitment in accordance with the rules governing clearing and settlement arrangements contained
in the Australian Payments Network Regulations for the Australian Paper Clearing System, the Bulk Electronic Clearing System, the
Consumer Electronic Clearing System and the High Value Clearing System which could result in a credit risk exposure and loss in
the event of a failure to settle by a member institution. The Group also has a commitment in accordance with the Austraclear
System Regulations and the Continuous Linked Settlement Bank Rules to participate in loss-sharing arrangements in the event




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
that another financial institution fails to settle.
The Group is a member of various central clearing houses, most notably the London Clearing House (LCH) SwapClear and
RepoClear platforms and the ASX Over-The-Counter Central Counterparty, which enables the Group to centrally clear derivative
and repurchase agreement instruments respectively. As a member of these central clearing houses, the Group is required
to make a default fund contribution. The exposure to risk associated with this commitment is reflected for capital adequacy
purposes in the Group’s Pillar 3 reporting. In the event of a default of another clearing member, the Group could be required to
commit additional funds to the default fund contribution.

Credit-related commitments


                                                                                                                                                                  Additional
Binding credit-related commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer provided that there is no violation
of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses
and may require payment of a fee by the customer. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn
down, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Nevertheless, credit-related                                           information
commitments are considered “at call” for liquidity management purposes.



                                                                                                                                     2023 Annual Report   233
Notes to the financial statements

Note 31 Commitments and contingent liabilities (cont.)

                                                                                                                   Group                 Company
                                                                                                            2023             2022      2023          2022
                                                                                                              $m              $m         $m           $m
    Credit-related commitments
    Binding credit commitments(1)                                                                       208,853            201,147   188,268       182,667
    Total credit-related commitments                                                                    208,853            201,147   188,268       182,667


    Credit-related commitments by geographical location
    Australia                                                                                           165,594            162,265   164,994       161,686
    New Zealand                                                                                          19,985             17,901         -             -
    Other International                                                                                  23,274             20,981    23,274        20,981
    Total credit-related commitments                                                                    208,853            201,147   188,268       182,667
    (1) Comparative information has been restated to reflect product reclassification in the 2023 financial year


Parent entity guarantees and undertakings
The Company has provided the following guarantees and undertakings relating to entities in the Group. These guarantees and
undertakings are not included in previous tables in this note:
•    The Company will guarantee up to $30,881 million (2022: $29,023 million) of commercial paper issuances by National Australia
     Funding (Delaware) Inc. Commercial paper of $419 million (2022: $1,196 million) has been issued.
•    The Company is responsible to its customers for any direct loss suffered as a result of National Nominees Limited failing to
     perform its obligations to the Company.
•    The Company and MLC Wealth had both been granted a licence (the Licence) in 2007 by the Safety, Rehabilitation and
     Compensation Commission (the Commission) to operate as self-insurers under the Commonwealth Government Comcare
     Scheme (the Commonwealth Scheme). The Company still holds its Licence and continues to be self-insured under the
     Commonwealth Scheme. Following the sale of MLC Wealth to Insignia Financial Ltd (formerly IOOF) in 2021, the Commission
     agreed to revoke MLC Wealth’s Licence effective from the date of the sale. As required by legislation and the Commission, the
     Company has provided a guarantee in respect of any workers' compensation liabilities of employees of MLC Wealth in respect
     of injuries that arose before the completion of the sale.
•    The Company has issued letters of support in respect of certain subsidiaries and associates in the normal course of business.
     The letters recognise that the Company has a responsibility to ensure that those subsidiaries and associates continue to
     meet their obligations.

Contingent liabilities
The Group is exposed to contingent risks and liabilities arising from the conduct of its business including:
•    Actual and potential disputes, claims and legal proceedings.
•    Investigations into past conduct, including actual and potential regulatory breaches carried out by regulatory authorities on
     either an industry-wide or Group-specific basis.
•    Internal investigations and reviews into past conduct, including actual and potential regulatory breaches, carried out by or on
     behalf of the Group.
•    Contracts that involve giving contingent commitments such as warranties, indemnities or guarantees.
There are contingent liabilities in respect of all such matters. Such matters are often highly complex and uncertain. Where
appropriate, provisions have been made. The aggregate potential liability of the Group in relation to these matters cannot be
accurately assessed.
Further details on some specific contingent liabilities that may impact the Group are set out below.

Legal proceedings

United Kingdom matters
Nine separate claims (comprising 904 individual claimants) focused on Tailored Business Loans (TBLs) have been commenced
against the Company and Clydesdale Bank Plc, now owned by Virgin Money UK Plc and trading as Virgin Money (Virgin Money) by
former customers of Virgin Money, represented by RGL Management Limited (a claims management company) (RGL) and law firm
Fladgate LLP, in the English Courts. The cases involving four individual claimants (being the first and fourth claims) proceeded to a
12 week trial which commenced on 2 October 2023, effectively as test cases. The cases of the remaining individual claimants are
currently stayed pending the outcome of the first and fourth claims.
The claims concern TBLs which customers entered into with Virgin Money and in respect of which NAB employees performed
various functions. The claimants allege they were misled about: (1) the cost of repaying (or restructuring) their TBLs early; and (2)
the composition of fixed interest rates/other rates offered under the TBLs. The alleged misconduct is said to give rise to several
causes of action, including negligent misstatement, misrepresentation and deceit.
The potential outcome and total costs associated with the claims remain uncertain.




234     National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 31 Commitments and contingent liabilities (cont.)

Walton Construction Group class action
In January 2022, a class action complaint was filed in the Federal Court by a number of subcontractors regarding the Company's

                                                                                                                                                                                     About
alleged conduct in connection with the collapse of the Walton Construction Group (WCG). It is alleged that the Company's
conduct in the period prior to the collapse of WCG contributed to losses incurred by subcontractors following the liquidation
of WCG. The Company filed and served its defence to the claims on 16 December 2022, however, the Applicant is seeking to
file a second Further Amended Statement of Claim (FASC) and has been given until 7 February 2024 to provide a draft FASC. The                                                     this report
potential outcome and total costs associated with the claims under this class action remain uncertain.

Regulatory activity, compliance investigations and associated proceedings

Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing program uplift and compliance issues

                                                                                                                                                                                  Our business
The Group continues to enhance its systems and processes to comply with AML and CTF requirements. The Group continues to
keep AUSTRAC informed of its progress. In addition to an ongoing general uplift in capability, the Group is remediating specific

                                                                                                                                                                                     in 2023
known compliance issues and weaknesses. The Group has reported a number of compliance issues to relevant regulators,
including in relation to ‘Know Your Customer’ (KYC) requirements (particularly with enhanced customer due diligence for non-
individual customers), systems and process issues that impacted some aspects of transaction monitoring and reporting, and
other financial crime risks. As this work progresses, further compliance issues may be identified and reported to AUSTRAC or
equivalent foreign regulators, and additional uplifting and strengthening may be required.
On 29 April 2022, the Company entered into an enforceable undertaking (EU) with AUSTRAC to address AUSTRAC’s concerns with




                                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value
the Group’s compliance with certain AML and CTF requirements. In accepting the EU, AUSTRAC stated that the regulator had
“formed the view at the start of the investigation that a civil penalty proceeding was not appropriate at that time” and that it had
“not identified any information during the investigation to change that view”. Under the terms of the EU, the Company and certain
subsidiaries are required to:
•    Complete a Remedial Action Plan (RAP) approved by AUSTRAC.
•    Address to AUSTRAC’s satisfaction any deficiencies or concerns with activities in the RAP identified by AUSTRAC.
Whilst the Company has delivered the approved RAP and approximately three quarters of the required deliverables, the total
costs of the above remains uncertain and the conclusion or otherwise of the EU will be determined by AUSTRAC.
                                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate
Banking matters
                                                                                                                                                                                 Governance
A number of reviews into banking-related matters are being carried on across the Group, both internally and in some cases by
regulatory authorities, including matters regarding:                                                                                                                              Statement
•    Incorrect fees being applied in connection with certain products.
•    Incorrect interest rates being applied in relation to certain products, including home lending products on conversion from
     interest only to principal.


                                                                                                                                                                                     Risk
•    Capturing customer consent to receive electronic statements and inconsistencies with recording statement preferences.
•    Issues with treatment of deregistered companies identified in the customer base.


                                                                                                                                                                                  management
The potential outcome and total costs associated with these matters remains uncertain.

Employment matters
In December 2019, NAB announced an end-to-end payroll review examining internal pay processes and compliance with pay
related obligations under Australian employment laws. The review identified a range of issues, which have been notified to the
Fair Work Ombudsman (FWO). A remediation program was undertaken, which is now largely complete save for some discrete

                                                                                                                                                                                    Report of
residual matters still being addressed. There remains some potential for further developments regarding this matter, including
possible enforcement action by the FWO or other legal actions, so the final outcome and total costs associated with this matter
remain uncertain.
In March 2023, the Finance Sector Union (FSU) filed proceedings against NAB and MLC Wealth Ltd in the Federal Court alleging that                                                 the Directors
those parties had breached provisions of the Fair Work Act which prohibit an employer from requesting or requiring an employee
to work unreasonable additional hours. The claim relates to four current and former employees. The FSU is seeking declarations
that NAB and MLC Wealth Ltd breached the Fair Work Act, the imposition of penalties in respect of the alleged breaches, as well
as compensation for loss and damage to the four named current and former employees and the payment of legal costs. The final




                                                                                                                                                                                    Financial report
outcome and total costs associated with this matter remain uncertain.

Wealth - Advice review
In October 2015, the Group began contacting certain groups of customers where there was a concern that they may have
received non-compliant financial advice since 2009 to: (a) assess the appropriateness of that advice; and (b) identify whether
customers had suffered loss as a result of non-compliant advice that would warrant compensation. Subsequent to this, these
cases are now progressing through the Customer Response Initiative review program, the scope of which includes the advice
businesses of MLC Advice, NAB Advice Partnerships and JBWere, with compensation offered and paid in a number of cases(1).
Where customer compensation is able to be reliably estimated, provisions have been recognised. The final outcome and total

                                                                                                                                                                                   Additional
costs associated with this work remain uncertain.



                                                                                                                                                                                  information
    (1) While the businesses of MLC Advice and NAB Advice Partnerships relevant to these matters have been sold to Insignia Financial Ltd (formerly known as IOOF) pursuant to
        the MLC Wealth Transaction, the Group has retained the companies that operated the advice business, such that the Group has retained all liabilities associated with
        the conduct of these businesses pre-completion of the MLC Wealth Transaction. JBWere is not within the scope of the MLC Wealth Transaction.


                                                                                                                                                  2023 Annual Report      235
Notes to the financial statements

Note 31 Commitments and contingent liabilities (cont.)

Wealth - Adviser service fees
The Group is undertaking a remediation program in relation to financial advice fees paid by customers pursuant to ongoing
service arrangements. This matter relates to JBWere and the various advice businesses, which were operated by the Group prior
to completion of the MLC Wealth Transaction discussed below, including MLC Advice (formerly known as NAB Financial Planning)
and NAB Advice Partnerships.(1) Payments with respect to MLC Advice are now complete. Payments with respect to NAB Advice
Partnerships are largely complete.
JBWere has identified its potentially impacted customers and has commenced making remediation payments where appropriate.
JBWere continues to assess further matters which may impact clients including clients who are members of an APRA regulated
superannuation fund and their treatment as a wholesale client instead of retail.
While the Group has taken provisions in relation to these matters based on current information, there remains the potential for
further developments and the potential outcomes and total costs associated with these matters remains uncertain.

Contractual commitments

BNZ Life transaction
On 30 September 2022, National Wealth Management International Holdings Limited (NWMIH), a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company, completed the sale of BNZ Life to Partners Life. Under the sale agreements, NWMIH has provided certain warranties
and indemnities in favour of Partners Life, a breach of which may result in NWMIH or the Company (as a guarantor to NWMIH under
the terms of the sale) being liable to Partners Life. NWMIH has novated its obligations under the sale agreements, including with
regards to the warranties and indemnities in favour of Partners Life, to the Company. The potential outcome and total costs
associated with this transaction remain uncertain.

MLC Life insurance transaction
In connection with the sale of 80% of MLC Life to Nippon Life Insurance Company (Nippon Life) in October 2016, the Company
gave certain covenants, warranties and indemnities in favour of Nippon Life and MLC Life. The claims periods for some of these
covenants, warranties and indemnities have expired. The potential outcome and total costs associated with any claims under
these covenants, warranties and indemnities remain uncertain.

MLC Wealth Transaction
On 31 May 2021, the Group completed the sale of MLC Wealth, comprising its advice, platforms, superannuation and investments,
and asset management businesses to Insignia Financial. As part of the MLC Wealth Transaction, the Company has provided
Insignia Financial with indemnities relating to certain pre-completion matters, including:
•    A remediation program relating to workplace superannuation (including matters where some employer superannuation plans
     and member entitlements were not correctly set up in the administration systems, and matters relating to disclosure and
     administration of certain features of the super product such as insurance and fees).
•    Breaches of anti-money laundering laws and regulations.
•    Regulatory fines and penalties.
•    Certain litigation and regulatory investigations (including the NULIS and MLCN class actions described below).
The Company also provided covenants and warranties in favour of Insignia Financial. A breach or triggering of these contractual
protections may result in the Company being liable to Insignia Financial. The claims periods for some of these covenants,
warranties and indemnities have expired.
As part of the MLC Wealth Transaction, the Group retained the companies that operated the advice business, such that the
Group has retained all liabilities associated with the conduct of that business pre-completion.
The Company has also agreed to provide Insignia Financial with certain transitional services and continuing access to records,
as well as support for data migration activities. The Company may be liable to Insignia Financial if it fails to perform its obligations
under these agreements.
The final financial impact associated with the MLC Wealth Transaction remains uncertain and subject to finalisation of the
completion accounts process and other contingencies as outlined above.

NULIS and MLCN - class actions
In October 2019, litigation funder Omni Bridgeway (formerly IMF Bentham) and William Roberts Lawyers commenced a class action
against NULIS Nominees (Australia) Limited (NULIS) alleging breaches of NULIS’s trustee obligations to act in the best interests
of the former members of The Universal Super Scheme in deciding to maintain grandfathered commissions on their transfer
into the MLC Super Fund on 1 July 2016. NULIS filed its first defence in the proceeding in February 2020. An initial trial to make
determinations on the individual claims of the applicant and one sample group member was held on 9 October 2023. Judgment
has been reserved.
In January 2020, Maurice Blackburn commenced a class action in the Supreme Court of Victoria against NULIS and MLC Nominees
Pty Ltd (MLCN) alleging breaches of NULIS's trustee obligations in connection with the speed with which NULIS and MLCN effected
transfers of members’ accrued default amounts to the MySuper product (Supreme Court Class Action). NULIS and MLCN filed their
joint defence in the proceeding in April 2020.



    (1) While the businesses of MLC Advice and NAB Advice Partnerships relevant to these matters have been sold to Insignia Financial Ltd (formerly known as IOOF) pursuant to
        the MLC Wealth Transaction, the Group has retained the companies that operated the advice business, such that the Group has retained all liabilities associated with
        the conduct of these businesses pre-completion of the MLC Wealth Transaction. JBWere is not within the scope of the MLC Wealth Transaction.


236     National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 31 Commitments and contingent liabilities (cont.)

The potential outcomes and total costs associated with these matters remains uncertain. While NULIS and MLCN are no longer
part of the Group following completion of the MLC Wealth Transaction, the Company remains liable for the costs associated with,
and retains conduct of, these matters pursuant to the terms of the MLC Wealth Transaction.
                                                                                                                                                About
Note 32
                                                                                                                                             this report
Interest in subsidiaries and other entities

  Accounting policy


                                                                                                                                             Our business
  Investments in controlled entities
  Controlled entities are all those entities (including structured entities) to which the Company is exposed, or has rights,

                                                                                                                                                in 2023
  to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power
  over the entity. An assessment of control is performed on an ongoing basis. Entities are consolidated from the date on
  which control is obtained by the Group. Entities are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases. The effects of
  transactions between entities within the Group are eliminated in full upon consolidation.

  Investments in associates




                                                                                                                                                Creating value
  An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate
  in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control of those policies. The
  Group's investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method, with the carrying amount of the investment
  increased or decreased to recognise the Group's share of the profit or loss of the investee.

  Structured entities
  A structured entity is an entity that has been designed so that voting or similar rights are not the dominant factor in
  deciding who controls the entity. Structured entities generally have restricted activities and a narrow and well-defined
  objective which is created through contractual arrangement. Depending on the Group's power over the relevant activities
  of the structured entity and its exposure to and ability to influence its own returns, it may or may not consolidate                       Corporate
                                                                                                                                            Governance
  the entity.
  Unconsolidated structured entities refer to all structured entities that are not controlled by the Group. The Group
  enters into transactions with unconsolidated structured entities in the normal course of business to facilitate customer                   Statement
  transactions or for specific investment opportunities.
  Interests in unconsolidated structured entities include, but are not limited to, debt and equity investments, guarantees,
  liquidity arrangements, commitments, fees from investment structures, and derivative instruments that expose the Group


                                                                                                                                                Risk
  to the risks of the unconsolidated structured entities. Interests do not include plain vanilla derivatives (e.g. interest rate
  swaps and cross currency swaps) and positions where the Group:
  •    Creates rather than absorbs variability of the unconsolidated structured entity.

                                                                                                                                             management
  •    Provides administrative, trustee or other services as agent to third party managed structured entities.
  Involvement is considered on a case by case basis, taking into account the nature of the structured entity’s activities. This
  excludes involvement that exists only because of typical customer-supplier relationships.




                                                                                                                                               Report of
(a) Investments in controlled entities
The following table presents the material controlled entities as at 30 September 2023:

                                                                                                                      Incorporated /
                                                                                                                                             the Directors
 Entity name                                                                                        Ownership %            formed in
 National Equities Limited                                                                                   100             Australia
  National Australia Group (NZ) Limited                                                                      100         New Zealand




                                                                                                                                               Financial report
      Bank of New Zealand                                                                                    100         New Zealand


Significant restrictions
Subsidiary companies that are subject to prudential regulation are required to maintain minimum capital and other regulatory
requirements that may restrict the ability of these entities to make distributions of cash or other assets to the parent company.
These restrictions are managed in accordance with the Group’s normal risk management policies set out in Note 19 Financial risk
management and capital adequacy requirements in Note 36 Capital adequacy.




                                                                                                                                              Additional

                                                                                                                                             information




                                                                                                                 2023 Annual Report   237
Notes to the financial statements

Note 32 Interest in subsidiaries and other entities (cont.)

(b) Investments in associates
The Group’s investments in associates include a 20% interest in MLC Life, a provider of life insurance products in Australia. Set out
below is the summarised financial information of MLC Life based on its financial information (and not the Group’s 20% share of
those amounts) and a reconciliation of that information to the equity-accounted carrying amount as at 30 September:

                                                                                                                 2023           2022
                                                                                                                   $m            $m
 Summarised income statement of MLC Life
 Revenue                                                                                                        1,656            949
 Net profit for the period                                                                                        146              69
 Total comprehensive income for the period                                                                        146              69


 Reconciliation to the Group's share of profit
 MLC Life's net profit for the period                                                                             146              69
 Prima facie share of profit at 20%                                                                                29              14
 Group's share of profit for the period                                                                            29              14


 Summarised balance sheet of MLC Life
 Total assets                                                                                                   7,137           6,841
 Total liabilities                                                                                              4,129           3,979
 Net assets                                                                                                     3,008           2,862


 Reconciliation to the Group's investment in MLC Life
 Prima facie share of net assets at 20%                                                                           601            572
 Accumulated impairment losses                                                                                    (86)            (86)
 Group's carrying amount of the investment in MLC Life                                                            515            486


There was no dividend received from MLC Life during the 2023 financial year (2022: $nil).

Impact of AASB 17 Insurance Contracts
AASB 17 will be effective for the Group from 1 October 2023. AASB 17 will change the timing of profit recognition from insurance
contracts. In general, profits will be recognised later than under the current accounting standard.
On transition to AASB 17 the value of MLC Life’s insurance and reinsurance contract liabilities, net of insurance and reinsurance
contract assets, is expected to increase by approximately $1.5 billion, before associated tax impacts. As a result, the carrying
value of the Group's investment in MLC Life is expected to reduce by approximately $200 million with a corresponding decrease in
retained earnings as at 1 October 2023.

Significant restrictions
Assets in a statutory fund of MLC Life can only be used to meet the liabilities and expenses of that fund, to acquire investments
to further the business of that fund, or to make profit distributions when solvency and capital adequacy requirements of the
Life Insurance Act 1995 (Cth) are met. This may impact MLC Life's ability to transfer funds to the Group in the form of dividends. In
addition, in certain circumstances the payment of dividends may require approval by APRA.

Transactions
As part of a long-term commercial arrangement with Nippon Life and MLC Life, the Group refers certain bank customers to MLC
Life. Under a financial services agreement and certain linked arrangements, the Group provides MLC Life with certain financial
services on an arm’s length basis, including custody, transactional banking facilities, fixed income and currency services.




238   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 32 Interest in subsidiaries and other entities (cont.)

(c) Consolidated structured entities
The Group has interests in the following types of consolidated structured entities:

 Type                      Details                                                                                                                   About

                                                                                                                                                  this report
 Securitisation            The Group engages in securitisation activities for funding, liquidity and capital management purposes.
                           The Group principally packages and sells residential mortgage loans as securities to investors through a
                           series of bankruptcy remote securitisation vehicles. The Group is entitled to any residual income after
                           all payments to investors and costs related to the program have been met. The note holders only have
                           recourse to the pool of assets. The Group is considered to hold the majority of the residual risks and
                           benefits of the vehicles. All relevant financial assets continue to be held on the Group balance sheet, and a
                           liability is recognised for the proceeds of the funding transaction.


                                                                                                                                                  Our business
                           The Group provides liquidity facilities to the securitisation vehicles. These facilities can only be drawn to
                           manage the timing mismatch of cash inflows from securitised loans and cash outflows due to investors.
                           The Group also provides redraw facilities to certain securitisation vehicles to manage the timing mismatch


                                                                                                                                                     in 2023
                           of principal collections from securitised loans and cash outflows in respect of customer redraws. The
                           aggregate limit of these liquidity and redraw facilities as at 30 September 2023 is $1,364 million.
 Covered bonds             The Group is entitled to any residual income after all payments due to covered bonds investors and costs
                           related to the program have been met. Residential mortgage loans are assigned to a bankruptcy remote
                           structured entity, which provides guarantees on the payments to covered bondholders. The covered
                           bondholders have recourse to the Group and, following certain trigger events including payment default,
                           the covered pool assets.




                                                                                                                                                     Creating value
(d) Unconsolidated structured entities
The Group has interests in the following types of unconsolidated structured entities:

 Type                      Details
 Securitisation            The Group engages with third party (client) securitisation vehicles by providing warehouse facilities, liquidity
                           support and derivatives. The Group invests in residential mortgage and asset-backed securities.
 Other financing           The Group provides tailored lending to limited recourse single purpose vehicles which are established to
                           facilitate asset financing for clients. The assets are pledged as collateral to the Group. The Group engages
                           in raising finance for leasing assets such as aircraft, trains, shipping vessels and other infrastructure              Corporate
                           assets. The Group may act as a lender, arranger or derivative counterparty to these vehicles.
                           Other financing transactions are generally senior, secured self-liquidating facilities in compliance with             Governance
                                                                                                                                                  Statement
                           Group credit lending policies. Regular credit and financial reviews of the borrowers are conducted to ensure
                           collateral is sufficient to support the Group’s maximum exposures.
 Investment funds          The Group has direct interests in unconsolidated investment funds. The Group’s interests include holding
                           units and receiving fees for services. The Group’s interest in unconsolidated investment funds is immaterial.




                                                                                                                                                     Risk


                                                                                                                                                  management




                                                                                                                                                    Report of


                                                                                                                                                  the Directors




                                                                                                                                                    Financial report




                                                                                                                                                   Additional

                                                                                                                                                  information




                                                                                                                      2023 Annual Report   239
Notes to the financial statements

Note 32 Interest in subsidiaries and other entities (cont.)

The table below shows the carrying value and maximum exposure to loss of the Group’s interests in unconsolidated
structured entities:

                                                                                                                   Group
                                                                   Securitisations                           Other financing                                  Total
                                                                    2023                2022                  2023                 2022                  2023              2022
                                                                      $m                   $m                    $m                  $m                    $m               $m
 Loans and advances                                               19,833               22,849                 2,564               3,132               22,397              25,981
 Debt instruments                                                  6,536                6,283                      -                    -               6,536              6,283
 Total carrying value of assets in
 unconsolidated structured entities                               26,369               29,132                 2,564               3,132               28,933              32,264
 Commitment / contingencies                                        7,486                8,490                     62                 121                7,548              8,611
 Total maximum exposure to loss in
 unconsolidated structured entities                               33,855               37,622                 2,626               3,253               36,481              40,875


Exposure to loss is managed as part of the Group's RMF. The Group’s maximum exposure to loss is the total of its on-balance
sheet positions and its off-balance sheet arrangements, being loan commitments, financial guarantees, and liquidity support.
Consequently, the Group has presented these measures rather than the total assets of the unconsolidated structured entities.
Refer to Note 19 Financial risk management for further details. Income earned from interests in unconsolidated structured
entities primarily results from interest income, mark-to-market movements and fees and commissions.
The majority of the Group’s exposures are senior investment grade, but in some limited cases, the Group may be required to
absorb losses from unconsolidated structured entities before other parties because the Group’s interests are subordinated
to others in the ownership structure. The table below shows the credit quality of the Group’s exposures in unconsolidated
structured entities:

                                                                                                                   Group
                                                                   Securitisations                           Other financing                                  Total
                                                                    2023                2022                  2023                 2022                  2023              2022
                                                                      $m                   $m                    $m                  $m                    $m               $m
 Senior investment grade                                          26,358               29,065                   708                  790              27,066              29,855
 Investment grade                                                        9                  57                1,352               1,419                 1,361              1,476
 Sub-investment grade                                                    2                  10                  504                  923                  506               933
 Total(1)                                                         26,369               29,132                 2,564               3,132               28,933              32,264
 (1) Of the total, $28,798 million (2022: $32,051 million) represents the Group's interest in senior notes and $135 million in subordinated notes (2022: $213 million).




240   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 33
Related party disclosures
The Group provides a range of services to related parties including the provision of banking facilities and standby financing
arrangements. Other dealings include granting loans and accepting deposits, and the provision of finance. These transactions

                                                                                                                                              About
are normally entered into on terms equivalent to those that prevail on an arm’s length basis in the ordinary course of business.
Other transactions with controlled entities may involve leases of properties, plant and equipment, provision of data processing
services or access to intellectual or other intangible property rights. Charges for these transactions are normally on an arm’s            this report
length basis and are otherwise on the basis of equitable rates agreed between the parties. The Company also provides
various administrative services to the Group, which may include accounting, secretarial and legal. Fees may be charged for
these services.
Loans made to subsidiaries are generally entered into on terms equivalent to those that prevail on an arm’s length basis, except


                                                                                                                                           Our business
that there are often no fixed repayment terms for the settlement of loans between parties. Outstanding balances are unsecured
and are repayable in cash.
The Company may incur costs on behalf of controlled entities in respect of customer-related remediation, regulatory activity,

                                                                                                                                              in 2023
compliance investigations and associated proceedings. Refer to Note 31 Commitments and contingent liabilities for further
details in respect of these matters.

Subsidiaries
The table below shows the net amounts payable to subsidiaries for the years ended 30 September:




                                                                                                                                              Creating value
                                                                                                               Company
                                                                                                             2023            2022
                                                                                                               $m             $m
 Balance at beginning of year                                                                               (3,413)               (83)
 Net cash outflows / (inflows)                                                                               3,320          (3,162)
 Net foreign currency translation movements and other amounts receivable                                     (389)           (168)
 Balance at end of year                                                                                      (482)          (3,413)
                                                                                                                                           Corporate
                                                                                                                                          Governance
The table below shows material transactions with subsidiaries for the years ended 30 September:

                                                                                                               Company                     Statement
                                                                                                             2023            2022
                                                                                                               $m             $m
 Net interest expense                                                                                        (929)          (1,344)


                                                                                                                                              Risk
 Dividend revenue                                                                                            7,421           2,024


Superannuation plans

                                                                                                                                           management
The following payments were made to superannuation plans sponsored by the Group:

                                                                                  Group                        Company
                                                                               2023           2022           2023            2022
 Payment to:                                                                     $m            $m              $m             $m

                                                                                                                                             Report of
 National Australia Bank Group Superannuation Fund A                            298            272            298             272
 Other                                                                            9              9               9                 8


Transactions between the Group and superannuation plans sponsored by the Group were made on commercial terms                               the Directors
and conditions.




                                                                                                                                             Financial report




                                                                                                                                            Additional

                                                                                                                                           information




                                                                                                             2023 Annual Report     241
Notes to the financial statements

Note 33 Related party disclosures (cont.)

Key Management Personnel (KMP)
The list of the Company's KMP is assessed each year and comprises the non-executive directors of the Company, the Group CEO
(an executive director of the Company) and those employees of the Group who have authority and responsibility for planning,
directing and controlling the activities of both the Company and the Group. Details of KMP are set out in Section 7.1 and Section
8.3 of the Remuneration Report included in the Report of the Directors.

Remuneration
Total remuneration of KMP is included within total personnel expenses in Note 5 Operating expenses. The total remuneration is
as follows:

                                                                                                                   Group
                                                                                                                2023            2022
                                                                                                                   $               $
 Short-term benefits
   Cash salary                                                                                            18,860,539       18,587,954
   Variable reward cash                                                                                    8,312,680        7,996,381
   Non-monetary                                                                                              172,600         272,922
 Post-employment benefits
   Superannuation                                                                                            578,764         532,755
 Other long-term benefits
   Other long-term benefits                                                                                  200,462         182,991
 Equity-based benefits
   Shares                                                                                                    489,226        1,477,224
   Performance rights                                                                                     14,955,354       13,433,135
 Other
   Other remuneration                                                                                      1,742,506                -
 Total                                                                                                    45,312,131       42,483,362


Performance rights and shareholdings of KMP are set out in the Remuneration Report included in the Report of the Directors.

Loans to KMP and their related parties
During the 2023 financial year, loans made to KMP and other related parties of the Group and Company were $21 million (2022:
$13 million). Loans to non-executive directors of the Company are made in the ordinary course of business on terms equivalent
to those that prevail in arm's length transactions. Loans to the Group CEO and Group Executives may be made on similar terms
and conditions generally available to other employees of the Group. Loans may be secured or unsecured depending on the
nature of the lending product advanced. As at 30 September 2023, the total loan balances outstanding were $59 million (2022:
$47 million).
No amounts were written off in respect of any loans made to directors or other KMP of the Group and Company during the
current or prior reporting period.
Further details regarding loans advanced to KMP of the Group and Company are included in the Remuneration Report within the
Report of the Directors.

86 400 Transfer of banking business
On 8 December 2021, 86 400 transferred approximately $1,286 million of its banking related mortgage assets and $663 million of its
banking related deposit liabilities to the Company on an arms-length basis under the Financial Sector (Transfer and Restructure)
Act 1999 (Cth) (FSTRA). In addition, 86 400 transferred approximately $285 million of its fixed income securities portfolio, held for
liquidity purposes, to the Company on an arm’s length basis under the FSTRA. These fixed income securities were previously
measured at amortised cost as they were managed within a ‘hold to collect’ business model. Following the transfer to the
Company, these securities were reclassified to fair value through profit or loss as the revised business model is neither ‘hold to
collect’ nor ‘hold to collect and sell’. The difference between the previous amortised cost of these assets and their fair value
at the reclassification date was not material. Following these transfers 86 400 surrendered its ADI Licence to APRA and returned
approximately $144 million of share capital to the Company. On a prospective basis, 86 400 will perform various technology and
operational services to support and grow the Company's digital banking activities and business.




242   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 34
Remuneration of external auditor
                                                                                                                    Group                            Company
                                                                                                                2023           2022             2023           2022
                                                                                                               $'000          $'000            $'000           $'000         About

                                                                                                                                                                          this report
 EY Australia
 Audit services                                                                                               12,862         12,457           10,527       10,405
 Audit-related services                                                                                        5,660           5,475           5,303           5,094
 Taxation-related services                                                                                         50             47                 50          47
 Non-audit services    (1)
                                                                                                                 500               -             500               -


                                                                                                                                                                          Our business
 Total Australia                                                                                              19,072         17,979           16,380       15,546




                                                                                                                                                                             in 2023
 EY Overseas
 Audit services                                                                                                4,152           4,079           1,991           1,962
 Audit-related services                                                                                        1,027             865             355            344
 Taxation-related services                                                                                          5              -                  -            -
 Non-audit services(1)                                                                                             56          1,163                  -            -




                                                                                                                                                                             Creating value
 Total Overseas                                                                                                5,240           6,107           2,346           2,306
 Total Australia and Overseas                                                                                 24,312         24,086           18,726       17,852
 Fees paid to the external auditor for services to non-consolidated entities of
 the Group                                                                                                       673             435                  -            -
 Total remuneration paid to the external auditor                                                              24,985         24,521           18,726       17,852
 (1) The Board Audit Committee considered all non-audit services and were satisfied that these are compatible with maintaining audit independence.


Total remuneration paid to another audit firm where EY is in a joint audit arrangement for the audit of a Group subsidiary
is $104,000.
                                                                                                                                                                          Corporate
The Joint Parliamentary Committee inquiry into the Regulation of Auditing in Australia highlighted the disparity and lack of
comparability of the external auditor fee remuneration disclosure for ASX listed corporates. ASIC are proposing four categories                                          Governance
                                                                                                                                                                          Statement
to define external auditor services as the basis of the proposed future disclosure requirements which are set out below.

Auditor’s remuneration - ASIC disclosures

                                                                                                                    Group                            Company


                                                                                                                                                                             Risk
                                                                                                                2023           2022             2023           2022
                                                                                                               $'000          $'000            $'000           $'000
 EY Australia - consolidated entities

                                                                                                                                                                          management
 Audit services for the statutory financial report of the parent and any of its
 controlled entities                                                                                          12,862         12,457           10,527       10,405
 Assurance services that are required by legislation to be provided by the
 external auditor                                                                                                196             224             139            128
 Other assurance and agreed-upon-procedures under other legislation or
 contractual arrangements                                                                                      5,305           5,099           5,005           4,814

                                                                                                                                                                            Report of
 Other services                                                                                                  709             199             709            199
 Total Australia                                                                                              19,072         17,979           16,380       15,546


 EY Overseas - consolidated entities                                                                                                                                      the Directors
 Audit services for the statutory financial report of the parent and any of its
 controlled entities                                                                                           4,152           4,079           1,991           1,962
 Other assurance and agreed-upon-procedures under other legislation or




                                                                                                                                                                            Financial report
 contractual arrangements                                                                                      1,032             865             355            344
 Other services                                                                                                    56          1,163                  -            -
 Total Overseas                                                                                                5,240           6,107           2,346           2,306
 Total Australia and Overseas                                                                                 24,312         24,086           18,726       17,852


 EY Australia and Overseas - non-consolidated entities
 Other assurance and agreed-upon-procedures under other legislation or
 contractual arrangements                                                                                        673             435                  -            -


                                                                                                                                                                           Additional
 Total remuneration paid to the external auditor                                                              24,985         24,521           18,726       17,852


A description of the Board Audit Committee’s pre-approval policies and procedures are set out in Assurance and Control in the
Corporate Governance section and included in the Report of the Directors.                                                                                                 information




                                                                                                                                            2023 Annual Report     243
Notes to the financial statements

Note 35
Equity-based plans

   Accounting policy
   The value of shares and rights provided to employees are measured by reference to their grant date fair value. The grant date fair value of each share is determined by the market
   value of NAB shares and is generally a five-day weighted average share price. The grant date fair value of shares and rights with market performance hurdles is determined using a
   simulated version of the Black-Scholes model.
   With the exception of general employee shares in Australia, the expense for each tranche of shares or rights granted is recognised in the income statement on a straight-line basis,
   adjusted for forfeitures, over the vesting period for the shares or rights. The expense for general employee shares in Australia is recognised in the income statement in the year the
   shares are granted as they are not subject to forfeiture. A corresponding increase is recorded in the equity-based compensation reserve.

   Critical accounting judgements and estimates
   The key estimates and inputs used in the Black-Scholes model vary depending on the award and type of security granted. They include the NAB share price at the time of the grant,
   exercise price of the rights (which is nil), the expected volatility of NAB’s share price, the risk-free interest rate and the expected dividend yield on NAB shares for the life of the rights.
   When estimating expected volatility, historic daily share prices are analysed to arrive at annual and cumulative historic volatility estimates (which may be adjusted for any abnormal
   periods or non-recurring significant events). Trends in the data are analysed to estimate volatility movements in the future for use in the numeric pricing model. The simulated version
   of the Black-Scholes model takes into account both the probability of achieving market performance conditions and the potential for early exercise of vested rights.
   While market performance conditions are incorporated into the grant date fair values, non-market conditions are not taken into account when determining the fair value and expected
   time to vesting of shares and rights. Instead, non-market conditions are taken into account by adjusting the number of shares and rights included in the measurement of the expense
   so that the amount recognised in the income statement reflects the number of shares or rights that actually vest.



Under the Group’s employee equity plans, employees of the Group are awarded shares and rights. An employee’s right to participate in a plan is often dependent on their performance or the
performance of the Group, and shares and rights awarded under the plans are often subject to service and/or performance conditions.
Generally, a right entitles its holder to be allocated one share when the right vests and is exercised. However, under certain bespoke plans, a right entitles its holder to be allocated a number
of shares equal to a predetermined value on vesting and exercise of the right.
The Board determines the maximum total value of shares or rights offered under each plan having regard to the rules of the relevant plan and, where required, the method used in calculating
the fair value per security. Under ASX Listing Rules, shares and rights may not be issued to the Company's directors under an employee equity plan without specific shareholder approval.
Under the terms of most offers, there is a period during which shares are held on trust for the employee they are allocated to and cannot be dealt with, or rights granted to an employee
cannot be exercised, by that employee. There may be forfeiture or lapse conditions which apply to shares or rights allocated to an employee (as described below), including as a result of
the employee ceasing employment with the Group during those periods or conduct standards not being met. Shares allocated to employees are eligible for any cash dividends paid by the
Company on those shares from the time those shares are allocated to the trustee on their behalf. Rights granted to employees are not eligible for any cash dividends paid by the Company.
In some limited circumstances, there may be a cash dividend equivalent payment made in the event that rights vest.
The table below sets out details of the Group’s employee equity plans that are offered on a regular basis. As noted above, the Group also offers bespoke plans in certain circumstances,
including in connection with material transactions, as a retention mechanism and to encourage the achievement of certain specific business growth targets.




244   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 35 Equity-based plans (cont.)

                                         Long-term Variable
                                           Reward (LTVR)          Long-term Incentive
                                               (Up to              (LTI) - LTEA & LTVR         Annual Equity           Commencement               Recognition/              General
               Variable Reward (VR)      30 September 2023)      (From 1 October 2023)          Award (AEA)               awards                Retention awards         employee shares
 Description   A proportion of an       LTVRs (including         LTI consists of two       Annual awards of          Provided to enable       Offered to key           Shares up to a
               employee’s annual VR     prior year Long-         equally weighted          deferred shares           the buy-out of equity    individuals in roles     target value of
               is provided in equity    term Incentive (LTI)     components:               under the AEA to          or other incentives      where retention          $1,000 are offered to
               and is deferred for a    grants) are awarded      Long-term Equity          create shareholder        from an employee’s       is critical over         eligible employees.
               specified period. The    to encourage long-       Award (LTEA) -            alignment, drive          previous employment.     the medium-term
               deferred amount and      term decision-making     Represents the non-       continued sustainable                              (generally between 2
               the deferral period      critical to creating     financial measure         performance and                                    and 3 years).
               is different based       long-term value          component of LTI,         emphasise focus on
               on the incentive         for shareholders         focused on risk. It       risk management and
               plan participated in,    through the use of       is awarded to ensure      good conduct and
               and the level of         challenging long-term    risk management is        behaviour outcomes.
               risk, responsibility     performance hurdles.     front of mind in making   Deferred shares are
               and seniority of                                  long-term decisions       subject to restrictions
               the employees.                                    and encourage the         and certain forfeiture
               VR was referred to as                             creation of safe,         or lapsing conditions,
               ‘short-term incentive’                            sustainable growth in     including forfeiture or
               before the 2019                                   shareholder value.        lapsing on resignation
               financial year.                                                             from the Group, or
                                                                 Long-term Variable        if conduct standards
                                                                 Reward (LTVR) -           are not met.
                                                                 Represents the
                                                                 financial measure
                                                                 component of LTI.
                                                                 It is awarded
                                                                 to encourage long-
                                                                 term decision-making
                                                                 critical to creating
                                                                 long-term value
                                                                 for shareholders.
 Eligibility   Certain employees        The ELT up to and        The ELT from              Certain employees         Provided on a case       Provided on a case       Permanent employees
               based in Australia       including the 2023       the 2024 financial        appointed to Group 5      by case basis, with      by case basis, with      in Australia.
               and certain              financial year (except   year onwards,             and 6 roles based in      the recommendation       the recommendation
               overseas jurisdictions   for the 2018 financial   subject to pre-           Australia and certain     of the People            of the People
               having regard to         year when no LTVRs       grant assessments         overseas jurisdictions.   & Remuneration           & Remuneration
               their individual         were awarded).           undertaken by                                       Committee and the        Committee and the
               performance and                                   the Board.                                          approval of the Board.   approval of the Board.
               the performance of
               the Group.




                                                                                                                                                                         2023 Annual Report    245
Notes to the financial statements

Note 35 Equity-based plans (cont.)

                                                 Long-term Variable
                                                   Reward (LTVR)         Long-term Incentive
                                                       (Up to             (LTI) - LTEA & LTVR        Annual Equity           Commencement                Recognition/               General
                        Variable Reward (VR)     30 September 2023)      (From 1 October 2023)        Award (AEA)               awards                 Retention awards          employee shares
 Type of            Generally shares.           Performance rights.      Performance rights.     Generally shares.         Generally shares.         Generally shares.         Shares.
 equity-            However, rights are                                                                                    However, rights are       However, rights are
 based              also granted for                                                                                       also granted for          also granted for
 payment            jurisdictional reasons.                                                                                jurisdictional reasons.   jurisdictional reasons.
 Service            Deferred shares or          During the vesting       During the              Deferred shares are       Shares or rights are      Shares or rights are      Shares are subject
 conditions         rights are forfeited        period, all of           performance period      subject to restrictions   subject to restrictions   subject to restrictions   to restrictions on
 and                or lapsed during the        an executive’s           and post-vesting        and certain forfeiture    and certain forfeiture    and certain forfeiture    dealing for three years
 performance        vesting period if:          performance rights       deferral period, all    or lapsing conditions,    or lapsing conditions,    or lapsing conditions,    and are not subject
 hurdles            •     the                   will lapse on            of an executive’s       including forfeiture or   including forfeiture or   including forfeiture or   to forfeiture.
                          employee resigns      the executive’s          performance rights      lapsing on resignation    lapsing on resignation    lapsing on resignation
                                                resignation from the     will lapse on           from the Group, or        from the Group or         from the Group or
                    •     the employee          Group. Performance       the executive’s         if conduct standards      if conduct standards      if conduct standards
                          does not meet         rights will also lapse   resignation from        are not met.              are not met.              are not met.
                          conduct standards     if conduct standards     the Group.
                    •     the employee's        or performance           Performance rights
                          employment with       hurdles are not          will also lapse if
                          the Group             met. The Board has       risk management,
                          is terminated,        absolute discretion      conduct standards
                          subject to            to determine             or performance
                          certain exclusions.   vesting or lapsing       hurdles are not
                                                outcomes for the         met. The Board has
                                                performance rights.      absolute discretion
                                                                         to determine
                                                                         vesting or lapsing
                                                                         outcomes for the
                                                                         performance rights.




246   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 35 Equity-based plans (cont.)

                                                  Long-term Variable
                                                    Reward (LTVR)          Long-term Incentive
                                                       (Up to               (LTI) - LTEA & LTVR            Annual Equity           Commencement                Recognition/             General
                      Variable Reward (VR)       30 September 2023)       (From 1 October 2023)             Award (AEA)               awards                 Retention awards        employee shares
 Vesting,         Defined period which          Defined period set        Defined performance        Defined period set at      Defined period set         Defined period set at   3 years.
 performance      differs based on the          at time of grant,         period of 4 years,         time of grant. Deferred    at time of grant,          time of grant.
 or deferral      VR plan participated          generally between 4       followed by a further      Shares vest in equal       based on satisfactory
 period           in and the employee's         and 5 years.              2 years (for CEO) or       tranches over 3 years.     evidence of foregone
                  seniority. The period                                   1 year (all other ELT)                                awards from
                  aligns with the level                                   restriction period.                                   previous employment.
                  of risk, impact of                                      A risk and conduct
                  the role on business                                    assessment will be
                  performance and                                         undertaken by the
                  results and regulatory                                  Board prior to vesting.
                  requirements. The
                  vesting period will
                  generally be between 1
                  and 7 years.
 Exercise         If the applicable             Performance rights        Performance rights         n/a                        If the applicable          If the applicable       n/a
 period (only     conditions are met,           will be automatically     will be automatically                                 conditions are met,        conditions are met,
 applicable for   deferred rights will          exercised if they vest.   exercised if they vest.                               rights will vest and       rights will vest and
 rights)          vest and each right will                                                                                      each right will be         each right will be
                  be automatically                                                                                              automatically              automatically
                  exercised.                                                                                                    exercised.                 exercised.
                  n/a for share grants.                                                                                         n/a for share grants.      n/a for share grants.
 Board            The Board regularly reviews Group performance for risk, reputation, conduct and performance considerations and has the ability to:                               n/a
 discretion       •     Extend the vesting, performance or deferral period beyond the original period for the ELT, other Accountable Persons and, in certain circumstances,
                        other employees.
                  •     Forfeit or lapse the deferred shares or rights.
                  •     Clawback the deferred shares or rights from the ELT, other Accountable Persons and in certain circumstances, other employees.
                  In addition, the Board generally has discretion to determine the treatment of unvested shares and rights at the time a change of control event occurs.
                  Vesting of shares and rights will not be automatic or accelerated and the Board will retain discretion in relation to the vesting outcome including absolute
                  discretion to forfeit all shares and rights.




                                                                                                                                                                                     2023 Annual Report   247
Notes to the financial statements

Note 35 Equity-based plans (cont.)

Employee share plan

                                                                                                                                                                    2023                                                    2022
                                                                                                                                                       Fully paid                                              Fully paid
                                                                                                                                                 ordinary shares          Weighted average               ordinary shares         Weighted average
                                                                                                                                                  granted during                grant date                granted during               grant date
                                                                                                                                                        the year                 fair value                     the year                fair value
                                                                                                                                                                 No.                           $                        No.                            $
 Employee share plans
 Variable reward deferred shares                                                                                                                         2,666,264                         30.60                  3,309,953                       28.99
 Commencement and recognition shares                                                                                                                       235,641                         30.23                    889,923                       29.12
 General employee shares                                                                                                                                   747,328                         30.71                    747,285                       28.39
 Annual Equity Award shares                                                                                                                                771,935                         29.11                    453,216                       30.09


The closing market price of NAB shares as at 30 September 2023 was $29.07 (2022: $28.81). The volume weighted average share price during the year ended 30 September 2023 was $28.86
(2022: $29.44).

Rights movements

                                                                                                                                                                                                                       2023                        2022
 Number of rights
 Opening balance as at 1 October                                                                                                                                                                                 2,935,432                    2,645,771
 Granted(1)                                                                                                                                                                                                      1,194,372                    1,029,947
 Forfeited(1)                                                                                                                                                                                                     (116,286)                    (405,781)
 Exercised                                                                                                                                                                                                        (166,898)                    (334,505)
 Closing balance as at 30 September                                                                                                                                                                              3,846,620                    2,935,432
 Exercisable as at 30 September                                                                                                                                                                                            -                           -
 (1) Where rights have been allocated or forfeited to a predetermined value, the total number granted or forfeited has been estimated using a share price of $28.86, being the volume weighted average share price of NAB shares during the financial year
     ended 30 September 2023 (2022: $29.44).


                                                                                                                                                                    2023                                                    2022
                                                                                                                                                  Outstanding at          Weighted average                Outstanding at         Weighted average
                                                                                                                                                         30 Sep               remaining life                     30 Sep              remaining life
                                                                                                                                                                 No.                   months                           No.                    months
 Terms and conditions
 Market hurdle                                                                                                                                           2,867,981                            23                  2,140,396                           32
 Non-market hurdle      (1)
                                                                                                                                                           211,210                             8                    361,180                           21
 Individual hurdle(1)                                                                                                                                      767,429                            17                    433,856                           23
 (1) Where rights have been allocated or forfeited to a predetermined value, the total number granted or forfeited has been estimated using a share price of $28.86, being the volume weighted average share price of NAB shares during the financial year
     ended 30 September 2023 (2022: $29.44).




248   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 35 Equity-based plans (cont.)

Information on fair value calculation
The table below shows the significant assumptions used as inputs into the grant date fair value calculation of rights granted during each of the last two years. In the following table, values
have been presented as weighted averages, but the specific values for each grant are used for the fair value calculation. The table also shows a ‘no hurdle’ value for rights that do not have
any market-based performance hurdles attached. The 'no hurdle' value is calculated as the grant date fair value of the rights, and in most instances is adjusted for expected dividends over
the vesting period.

                                                                                                                                                                    2023                    2022
 Weighted average values
 Contractual life (years)                                                                                                                                             3.3                        3.5
 Risk-free interest rate (per annum) (%)                                                                                                                             3.45                    1.61
 Expected volatility of share price (%)                                                                                                                                31                        30
 Closing share price on grant date ($)                                                                                                                              30.12                   28.81
 Dividend yield (per annum) (%)                                                                                                                                      5.00                    4.93
 Fair value of rights with a market hurdle ($)                                                                                                                      11.62                   17.30
 Fair value of rights without a market hurdle ($)                                                                                                                   27.35                   23.41
 Expected time to vesting (years)                                                                                                                                    3.18                    3.30




                                                                                                                                                                            2023 Annual Report     249
Notes to the financial statements

Note 36
Capital adequacy
As an ADI, the Company is subject to regulation by APRA under the authority of the Banking Act 1959 (Cth). APRA has set minimum
Prudential Capital Requirements (PCR) for ADIs consistent with the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision capital adequacy
framework. PCR are expressed as a percentage of total RWA. APRA requirements are summarised below:

 CET1 capital                              Tier 1 capital                                 Total capital
 CET1 capital ranks behind the claims      CET1 capital plus AT1 capital. AT1             Tier 1 capital plus Tier 2 capital. Tier 2
 of depositors and other creditors in      capital comprises high quality components      capital comprises other components of
 the event of winding-up of the issuer,    of capital that satisfy the following          capital that, to varying degrees, do not
 absorbs losses as and when they           essential characteristics:                     meet the requirements of Tier 1 capital
 occur, has full flexibility of dividend   •   provide a permanent and unrestricted       but nonetheless contribute to the overall
 payments and has no maturity date.            commitment of funds                        strength of an ADI and its capacity to
 CET1 capital consists of the sum                                                         absorb losses.
 of paid-up ordinary share capital,        •   are freely available to absorb losses
 retained profits plus certain other       •   rank behind the claims of depositors and
 items as defined in APS 111 Capital           other more senior creditors in the event
 Adequacy: Measurement of Capital.             of winding up of the issuer
                                           •   provide for fully discretionary
                                               capital distributions.


Reporting levels
Regulatory capital requirements are measured on a Level 1 and Level 2 basis. Level 1 comprises the Company and Extended
Licenced Entities approved by APRA. Level 2 comprises the Company and the entities it controls, excluding securitisation special
purpose vehicles (SPVs) to which assets have been transferred in accordance with the requirements for regulatory capital relief
in APS 120 Securitisation and funds management entities.

APRA minimum requirements
APRA’s revised capital framework has applied since 1 January 2023. Under this framework, APRA’s minimum PCR as a percentage of
the ADI’s total RWA are: 4.5% of RWA for CET1 capital, 6% for Tier 1 capital and 8% for Total capital.
An ADI must hold a capital conservation buffer above the PCR for CET1 capital. The capital conservation buffer is 3.75% of the ADI’s
total RWA. As a D-SIB in Australia, the Group is also required to hold an additional buffer of 1% in CET1 capital.
In addition, APRA requires the Group to hold a countercyclical capital buffer set on a jurisdictional basis, with a default setting of
1% for Australia.
APRA may determine higher PCRs for an ADI and may change an ADI’s PCRs at any time. A breach of the required ratios under APRA's
prudential standards may trigger legally enforceable directions by APRA, which can include a direction to raise additional capital.

Capital Management
The Group’s capital management strategy is focused on adequacy, efficiency and flexibility. The capital adequacy objective
seeks to ensure sufficient capital is held in excess of regulatory requirements, and within the Group’s balance sheet risk
appetite. This approach is consistent across the Group’s subsidiaries.
Capital ratios are monitored against operating targets that are set by the Board above minimum capital requirements set
by APRA.
The Group’s capital ratio operating targets are regularly reviewed in the context of the external economic and regulatory outlook
with the objective of maintaining balance sheet strength.
From 1 January 2023, the Group’s CET1 target range moved to 11.00-11.50% to align with the new calculation methodology under
APRA’s revised capital framework.




250   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 37
Notes to the statement of cash flows
Reconciliation of net profit attributable to owners the Company to net cash provided by / (used in) operating activities


                                                                                                                                          About
                                                                                Group                      Company
                                                                            2023          2022           2023            2022
                                                                              $m            $m             $m              $m          this report
 Net profit attributable to owners of the Company                           7,414         6,891        12,012            5,945
 Add / (deduct) non-cash items in the income statement:
  (Increase) in interest receivable                                        (1,086)         (981)         (995)           (922)
  Increase in interest payable                                              2,717          994           2,339             843

                                                                                                                                       Our business
  Increase in unearned income and deferred net fee income                    381           166            419              159
  Fair value movements on assets, liabilities and derivatives held at

                                                                                                                                          in 2023
  fair value                                                                3,482         4,299          2,879           4,389
  Increase in provisions                                                     834          1,341           813            1,242
  Equity-based compensation recognised in equity or reserves                 131           113            131              113
  Superannuation costs - defined benefit plans                                 (2)            -             (2)                 -
  Impairment losses on non-financial assets                                   13            10             14                 18




                                                                                                                                          Creating value
  Impairment losses on financial assets                                         -             1              -                  -
  Credit Impairment write-back                                               895           194            727              110
  Depreciation and amortisation expense                                     1,214         1,112           927              871
  (Increase) / decrease in other assets                                      150            84          (5,430)            233
  Increase / (decrease) in other liabilities                                (293)          280              (8)               48
  Increase in income tax payable                                              77           659            289              610
  (Increase) / decrease in deferred tax assets                              (109)          352           (134)             307
  Increase / (decrease) in deferred tax liabilities                             8           (13)           11                 20
                                                                                                                                       Corporate
 Operating cash flow items not included in profit                         (42,474)       13,170        (39,141)        14,868
 Investing or financing cash flows included in profit
                                                                                                                                      Governance
  (Gain) on sale of controlled entities, before income tax                    (29)         (197)           (29)                 -      Statement
  (Gain) on sale of other debt and equity instruments                         (32)         (199)           (32)          (199)
  (Gain) / loss on sale of property, plant, equipment and other assets        10            (55)            (1)               (74)
 Net cash provided by / (used in) operating activities                    (26,699)       28,221        (25,211)        28,581


                                                                                                                                          Risk


                                                                                                                                       management




                                                                                                                                         Report of


                                                                                                                                       the Directors




                                                                                                                                         Financial report




                                                                                                                                        Additional

                                                                                                                                       information




                                                                                                         2023 Annual Report     251
Notes to the financial statements

Note 37 Notes to the statement of cash flows (cont.)

Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                         Group                                          Company
                                      Bonds‚ notes and              Debt     Lease       Bonds‚ notes and           Debt     Lease
                                     subordinated debt            issues liabilities    subordinated debt         issues liabilities
                                                     At                                                 At
                                    At fair   amortised                                At fair   amortised
                                     value         cost                                 value         cost
                                       $m             $m             $m         $m        $m           $m            $m         $m
 Balance at 1 October 2021          18,416        109,154          6,831      1,967     5,570       102,501        6,831      1,659
 Cash flows
   Proceeds from issue               1,500         40,432          1,983          -       268        34,919        1,983          -
   Repayments                       (3,280)       (24,359)         (1,504)     (339)     (742)      (23,577)       (1,504)     (299)
 Non-cash changes
   Additions to lease liabilities        -               -              -       631         -               -           -       617
   Fair value changes, including
   fair value hedge adjustments     (1,497)        (7,718)              -         -      (900)       (5,371)            -         -
   Foreign currency translation
   and other adjustments               (78)         1,774              8        (21)      283         1,202            8          1
 Balance as at
 30 September 2022                  15,061        119,283          7,318      2,238     4,479       109,674        7,318      1,978
 Cash flows
   Proceeds from issue               1,466        41,361           1,243          -        78       38,870         1,243          -
   Repayments                       (3,325)      (27,819)               -      (328)      (93)     (26,844)             -      (284)
 Non-cash changes
   Additions to lease liabilities        -               -              -       333         -               -           -       120
   Fair value changes, including
   fair value hedge adjustments        (99)         (817)               -         -     (159)         (623)             -         -
   Foreign currency translation
   and other adjustments               638         3,637                -        16        66        3,252              -         2
 Balance as at
 30 September 2023                  13,741       135,645           8,561      2,259     4,371      124,329         8,561      1,816




252   National Australia Bank
Notes to the financial statements

Note 37 Notes to the statement of cash flows (cont.)

Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents
For the purposes of the cash flow statement, cash and cash equivalents includes cash and liquid assets and amounts due from

                                                                                                                                               About
other banks (including reverse repurchase agreements and short-term government securities) net of amounts due to other
banks that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash within three months.

                                                                                                                                            this report
Cash and cash equivalents as shown in the cash flow statement is reconciled to the related items on the balance sheet
as follows:

                                                                                             Group                   Company
                                                                                         2023          2022        2023         2022
                                                                                           $m           $m          $m           $m
 Assets
                                                                                                                                            Our business
 Cash and liquid assets                                                                24,699        56,451      23,959       56,121

                                                                                                                                               in 2023
 Treasury and other eligible bills                                                         53           505            -             -
 Due from other banks (excluding mandatory deposits with supervisory
 central banks)                                                                        28,114        38,822      17,772       30,142
 Total cash and cash equivalent assets                                                 52,866        95,778      41,731       86,263
 Liabilities




                                                                                                                                               Creating value
 Due to other banks                                                                    (12,277)      (33,599)    (9,950)      (31,080)
 Total cash and cash equivalents                                                       40,589        62,179      31,781       55,183


Non-cash investing activities
In the 2023 financial year, the Company received a dividend of $5.4 billion from National Equities Limited (following a dividend
payment by BNZ) which was reinvested into additional ordinary shares. These transactions were settled on a net basis and no
cash was transferred. As these are transactions between entities within the Group they are eliminated in full upon consolidation.

                                                                                                                                            Corporate
Non-cash financing activities

                                                                                             Group                   Company               Governance
                                                                                         2023          2022        2023         2022
                                                                                                                                            Statement
                                                                                           $m           $m          $m           $m
 Shares issued under the Dividend Reinvestment Plan                                       693           500         693          500


There was no DRP discount on dividends paid in the 2023 financial year (2022: $nil).

                                                                                                                                               Risk


                                                                                                                                            management




                                                                                                                                              Report of


                                                                                                                                            the Directors




                                                                                                                                              Financial report




                                                                                                                                             Additional

                                                                                                                                            information




                                                                                                                2023 Annual Report   253
Notes to the financial statements

Note 38
Acquisition of subsidiaries
Acquisition of Citigroup's Australian consumer business - 1 June 2022
On 1 June 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of the Citi consumer business, including its home lending portfolio,
unsecured lending business (personal loans and credit cards), retail deposits business and private wealth management
business. The acquisition qualified as a business combination as defined in AASB 3 Business Combinations.
The acquisition was undertaken to support NAB’s ambition to build a leading personal bank with a simpler, more
digital experience.
The net assets recognised in the 2022 financial year were recorded on a provisional basis using preliminary completion accounts
and a draft purchase price allocation. During the 2023 financial year the final completion payment was made and the purchase
price allocation was finalised.
The final fair values of the assets and liabilities are summarised in the table below:

                                                                                                                        Group
                                                                                                                                 $m
 Consideration
 Total cash consideration for the acquisition                                                                                  3,135
 Assets and liabilities acquired
 Loans and advances                                                                                                        12,832
 Other assets                                                                                                                   523
 Total assets                                                                                                              13,355
 Deposits and other borrowings                                                                                                 9,488
 Other liabilities                                                                                                              732
 Total liabilities                                                                                                         10,220
 Net assets                                                                                                                    3,135
 Goodwill and other intangible assets                                                                                           248
 Goodwill                                                                                                                        80
 Intangible assets                                                                                                              168


The most significant adjustments to the provisional amounts disclosed in the 2022 Annual Report are in relation to a $19 million
increase in net deferred tax assets recognised and a $3 million decrease in intangible assets.
The final goodwill value of $80 million is supported by the scale and expertise in unsecured lending acquired, together with
anticipated synergies. Other intangible assets comprise customer relationships and core deposits.
The goodwill has been allocated to the Personal Banking CGU (refer to Note 22 Goodwill and other intangible assets).


Note 39
Events subsequent to reporting date
There are no items, transactions or events of a material or unusual nature that have arisen in the interval between 30 September
2023 and the date of this report that, in the opinion of the directors, have significantly affected or may significantly affect the
operations of the Group, the results of those operations or the state of affairs of the Group in future years.




254   National Australia Bank
Directors' declaration

The directors of National Australia Bank Limited declare that:
(a) in the opinion of the directors, the financial statements and notes for the year ended 30 September 2023, as set out on pages

                                                                                                                                             About
159 to 254, are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), including:
i) in compliance with Australian Accounting Standards (including Australian Accounting Interpretations), International Financial

                                                                                                                                          this report
Reporting Standards as stated in Note 1 Basis of preparation, and any further requirements of the Corporations Regulations
2001; and
ii) give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Company and the Group as at 30 September 2023, and of the
performance of the Company and the Group for the year ended 30 September 2023.
(b) in the opinion of the directors, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and


                                                                                                                                          Our business
when they become due and payable.
(c) the directors have been given the declarations required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) for the year ended
30 September 2023.
Signed in accordance with a resolution of the directors.                                                                                     in 2023




                                                                                                                                             Creating value
 Philip Chronican                                                  Ross McEwan CBE
 Chair                                                             Group Chief Executive Officer
 9 November 2023                                                   9 November 2023




                                                                                                                                          Corporate
                                                                                                                                         Governance
                                                                                                                                          Statement




                                                                                                                                             Risk


                                                                                                                                          management




                                                                                                                                            Report of


                                                                                                                                          the Directors




                                                                                                                                            Financial report




                                                                                                                                           Additional

                                                                                                                                          information




                                                                                                              2023 Annual Report   255
                                               Ernst & Young                      Tel: +61 3 9288 8000
                                               8 Exhibition Street                Fax: +61 3 8650 7777
                                               Melbourne VIC 3000 Australia       ey.com/au
                                               GPO Box 67 Melbourne VIC 3001




Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of National
Australia Bank Limited
Report on the audit of the Financial Report

Opinion
We have audited the Financial Report of National Australia Bank Limited (the Company) and its
subsidiaries (collectively the Group), which comprises:

►     The Group consolidated and Company Balance sheets as at 30 September 2023;

►     The Group consolidated and Company income statements, statements of comprehensive income,
      statements of cash flows and statements of changes in equity for the year then ended;

►     Notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies; and

►     The Directors’ declaration.

In our opinion, the accompanying Financial Report is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001,
including:

a.    Giving a true and fair view of the Company’s and the Group’s financial position as at 30 September
      2023 and of their financial performance for the year ended on that date; and

b.    Complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the Financial
Report section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor
independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the
Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the
Financial Report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
with the Code.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our opinion.

Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
our audit of the Financial Report of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the Financial Report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit
addressed the matter is provided in that context. The key audit matters identified below, unless
otherwise stated, relate to both the Company and the Group.


A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                                                                                                                          About

                                                                                                                                       this report


We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
Financial Report section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit

                                                                                                                                       Our business
included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of
material misstatement of the Financial Report. The results of our audit procedures, including the
procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
                                                                                                                                          in 2023
accompanying Financial Report.

 Why significant                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter




                                                                                                                                          Creating value
 Provision for credit impairment


 As at 30 September 2023 the Group has a                   Our audit procedures included the following:
 provision for credit impairment of $5,585
 million as disclosed in Note 17 Provision                 We assessed the alignment of the Group’s expected credit loss model
 for credit impairment on loans at                         and its underlying methodology against the requirements of AASB 9.
 amortised cost. The provision for credit
 impairment is measured in accordance                      In conjunction with our actuarial and economic specialists, we assessed
                                                                                                                                       Corporate
 with the requirements of Australian                       the following for exposures evaluated on a collective basis:
 Accounting Standard – AASB 9 Financial                     significant modelling and macroeconomic assumptions, including the
 Instruments (AASB 9).                                         reasonableness of forward-looking information and scenarios;           Governance
                                                            the determination and assessment of significant increase in credit
 Key areas of significant judgment                             risk;                                                                   Statement
 included:                                                  sensitivity of collective provisions to changes in modelling
  the application of the impairment                           assumptions;
     requirements of AASB 9 within the                      the mathematical accuracy of management’s model; and

                                                                                                                                          Risk
     expected credit loss methodology;                      the basis for and data used to determine forward looking
  the identification of exposures with a                      adjustments.
     significant increase in credit risk;

                                                                                                                                       management
  assumptions used in the expected                        We assessed a sample of exposures on an individual basis by:
     credit loss model (for exposures                       assessing the reasonableness and timeliness of internal credit
     assessed on an individual or collective                  quality assessments based on the borrowers’ particular
     basis); and                                              circumstances; and
  the incorporation of forward-looking                     evaluating the associated provisions by assessing the
     information to reflect current and                       reasonableness of key inputs into the credit impairment calculation,

                                                                                                                                         Report of
     anticipated future external factors,                     with particular focus on high-risk industries, work out strategies,
     both in the multiple economic                            collateral values, and the value and timing of recoveries.

                                                                                                                                       the Directors
     scenarios and the probability
     weighting determined for each of                      In conjunction with our IT specialists, we assessed the effectiveness of
     these scenarios.                                      relevant controls relating to the:
                                                            capture of data, including loan origination and transactional data,
 This was a key audit matter due to the                        ongoing internal credit quality assessments, storage of data in data




                                                                                                                                         Financial report
 value of the provision, and the degree of                     warehouses, and interfaces with the models; and
 judgment and estimation uncertainty                        expected credit loss models, including functionality, ongoing
 associated with the provision calculation.                    monitoring/validation and model governance.

                                                           We assessed the processes used to identify and evaluate climate-related
                                                           risks associated with the provision for credit impairment.

                                                           We assessed the adequacy of the disclosures related to credit
                                                           impairment within the Notes to the financial statements.

                                                                                                                                        Additional

                                                                                                                                       information


A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
 Why significant                                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Impairment assessment of goodwill


 The Group has recognised goodwill of $2,070 million                    Our audit procedures included the following:
 on its balance sheet as at 30 September 2023.
 During the year, the purchase price allocation for                     We assessed whether the VIU calculation methodology
 the acquisitions of Citigroup’s Australian consumer                    used by the Group for the impairment assessment of
 business (Citi consumer business) was finalised.                       goodwill was in accordance with the requirements of
                                                                        Australian Accounting Standards.
 As disclosed in Note 22 Goodwill and other
 intangible assets, the Group performs an annual                        We assessed the appropriateness of the CGUs identified
 impairment assessment, or more frequently if there                     to which goodwill has been allocated.
 is an indication that goodwill may be impaired. This
 involves a comparison of the carrying value of the                     We agreed the forecast cash flows to the most recent
 cash generating unit (CGU) to which the goodwill has                   Board or management approved cash flow forecasts
 been attributed with its recoverable amount.                           and assessed the historical accuracy of the forecasts
                                                                        by performing a comparison of recent forecasts to
 The recoverable amount was determined using a                          actual results.
 value in use basis (VIU) for all CGUs. The
 determination of VIU incorporated a range of key                       We involved our valuation specialists to assess, with
 assumptions, including:                                                reference to comparable companies, the key
  future cash flows;                                                   assumptions used in the impairment assessment,
  discount rate; and                                                   including future cash flow forecasts, discount rates and
  terminal growth rate.                                                terminal growth rates, and to test the mathematical
                                                                        accuracy of the impairment models.
 The impairment assessment of goodwill was a key
 audit matter due to the degree of estimation                           We assessed the Group’s current market capitalisation
 uncertainty associated with the assumptions applied                    against the recoverable amount implied by the Group’s
 in the impairment assessment.                                          VIU calculation and benchmarked the implied valuation
                                                                        multiples to comparable company valuation multiples.

                                                                        We assessed the adequacy of the disclosures related to
                                                                        the impairment assessment of goodwill within the
                                                                        Notes to the financial statements.




A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                                                                                                                      About

                                                                                                                                   this report


 Why significant                                                    How our audit addressed the key audit matter


                                                                                                                                   Our business
 Information Technology (IT) systems and controls over financial reporting



                                                                                                                                      in 2023
 A significant part of the financial reporting                      Our audit procedures included the following:
 process is primarily reliant on IT systems with
 automated processes and controls relating to the                   We focused on those IT systems and controls that are
 capture, storage and extraction of a high volume                   significant to the financial reporting process.
 of information.




                                                                                                                                      Creating value
                                                                    We involved our IT specialists, as audit procedures over IT
 A fundamental component of these IT systems                        systems and controls require specific expertise.
 and controls is ensuring that risks relating to
 inappropriate user access management,                              We assessed the design, implementation, and operating
 unauthorised program changes and IT operating                      effectiveness of IT controls, including those related to:
 protocols are addressed.                                            General security settings and authentication
                                                                     User access management and revalidation
 This was identified as a key audit matter as our                    Change and release management
 audit approach is dependent on the effective                        IT operations
 operation of the IT controls.                                                                                                     Corporate
                                                                    Where we identified design and/or operating deficiencies
                                                                    in the IT control environment, our audit procedures           Governance
                                                                                                                                   Statement
                                                                    included the following:
                                                                     we assessed the integrity and reliability of the systems
                                                                        and data related to financial reporting; and
                                                                     where automated procedures were supported by
                                                                        systems with identified deficiencies, we either 1)

                                                                                                                                      Risk
                                                                        assessed compensating or mitigating controls that
                                                                        were not reliant on the IT control environment, 2)
                                                                        performed direct testing of IT application controls
                                                                                                                                   management
                                                                        and/or IT dependent manual controls, or 3) varied the
                                                                        nature, timing and extent of substantive procedures
                                                                        performed.




                                                                                                                                     Report of


                                                                                                                                   the Directors




                                                                                                                                     Financial report




                                                                                                                                    Additional

                                                                                                                                   information


A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
Information other than the Financial Report and auditor’s report thereon
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the Company’s 2023 Annual Report, but does not include the Financial Report
and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the Financial Report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception of the Remuneration Report
and our related assurance opinion.

In connection with our audit of the Financial Report, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the Financial
Report or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report
The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the Financial Report that gives a
true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001
and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the
Financial Report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error.

In preparing the Financial Report, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Company’s and
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters relating to going
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate
the Company or Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Financial Report as a whole is
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of this Financial Report.

As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional
judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

►     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Financial Report, whether due to
      fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
      evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not
      detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
      error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
      override of internal control.




A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                                                                                                   About

                                                                                                                this report


►     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
      procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an

                                                                                                                Our business
      opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s or the Group’s internal control.

      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
                                                                                                                   in 2023
►
      estimates and related disclosures made by the Directors.

►     Conclude on the appropriateness of the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
      and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to
      events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s or Group’s ability to



                                                                                                                   Creating value
      continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to
      draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the Financial Report or, if such
      disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit
      evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions
      may cause the Company or the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

►     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the Financial Report, including the
      disclosures, and whether the Financial Report represents the underlying transactions and events
                                                                                                                Corporate
      in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
                                                                                                               Governance
                                                                                                                Statement
►     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
      business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the Financial Report. We are
      responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely
      responsible for our audit opinion.


                                                                                                                   Risk
We communicate with the Directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we

                                                                                                                management
identify during our audit.

We also provide the Directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions

                                                                                                                  Report of
taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated to the Directors, we determine those matters that were of most
                                                                                                                the Directors
significance in the audit of the Financial Report of the current year and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter
should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would




                                                                                                                  Financial report
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.




                                                                                                                 Additional

                                                                                                                information


A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
Report on the audit of the Remuneration Report

Opinion on the Remuneration Report
We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages 115 to 154 of the directors’ report for
the year ended 30 September 2023.

In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of National Australia Bank Limited for the year ended 30
September 2023, complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.

Responsibilities
The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the
Remuneration Report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in
accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.




Ernst & Young




T M Dring
Partner
Melbourne
9 November 2023




A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                               Corporate
   About      Our business                                    Risk        Report of                         Additional
                             Creating value   Governance                                Financial report
this report      in 2023                                   management   the Directors                      information
                                               Statement
                     Additional
                     information
Shareholder information
Ordinary shares

Twenty largest registered fully paid ordinary shareholders of the Company as at 12 October 2023

                                                                                                                            Number of        % of total
                                                                                                                               shares          shares
 HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                                  781,134,305          24.96
 J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                                                  494,826,750          15.81
 CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                                              265,695,811            8.49
 NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                                                   82,304,621            2.63
 BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING DRP A/C>                                                                       52,559,781            1.68
 BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD <DRP>                                                                                              42,493,694            1.36
 CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <COLONIAL FIRST STATE INV A/C>                                                                30,961,117            0.99
 HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <NT-COMNWLTH SUPER CORP A/C>                                                      20,132,920            0.64
 BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD DEUTSCHE BANK TCA <DRP>                                                                            15,027,858            0.48
 NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                                                           14,387,848            0.46
 AUSTRALIAN FOUNDATION INVESTMENT COMPANY LIMITED                                                                            14,072,289            0.45
 BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD <DRP A/C>                                                              9,361,385            0.30
 ARGO INVESTMENTS LIMITED                                                                                                     5,934,685            0.19
 BNP PARIBAS NOMS (NZ) LTD <DRP>                                                                                              5,594,998            0.18
 BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD ACF CLEARSTREAM                                                                                 5,042,859            0.16
 NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED <AUSTRALIAN ETHICAL INV LTD>                                                                       3,870,904            0.12
 NAVIGATOR AUSTRALIA LTD <MLC INVESTMENT SETT A/C>                                                                            3,408,960            0.11
 NULIS NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <NAVIGATOR MAST PLAN SETT A/C>                                                            3,377,780            0.11
 IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IPS SUPERFUND A/C>                                                                         3,241,846            0.10
 BKI INVESTMENT COMPANY LIMITED                                                                                               3,238,000            0.10
 Total                                                                                                                    1,856,668,411          59.32


Substantial shareholders
The following organisations have disclosed a substantial shareholding notice to ASX. As at 12 October 2023, the Company has
received no further update in relation to these substantial shareholdings.

 Name                                                                                                                        Number of       % of
                                                                                                                             shares          voting
                                                                                                                                             power
 BlackRock Group(1)                                                                                                          177,651,034     6.02%
 State Street Corporation(2)                                                                                                 163,528,467     5.21%
 The Vanguard Group, Inc(3)                                                                                                  162,322,845     5.00%
 (1) Substantial shareholding as at 18 March 2020, as per notice lodged on 20 March 2020.
 (2) Substantial shareholding as at 12 May 2023, as per notice lodged on 16 May 2023.
 (3) Substantial shareholding as at 1 February 2022, as per notice lodged on 4 February 2022.


Distribution of fully paid ordinary shareholdings

                                                                                                  Number of        % of        Number of         % of
                                                                                                shareholders   holders            shares       shares
 Range (number)
 1 - 1,000                                                                                           349,348      59.80        121,187,336         3.87
 1,001 - 5,000                                                                                       181,788      31.12        414,297,940       13.24
 5,001 - 10,000                                                                                       32,947       5.64        229,913,635         7.35
 10,001 - 100,000                                                                                     19,619       3.36        395,788,949       12.65
 100,001 and over                                                                                        444       0.08      1,967,761,067       62.89
 Total                                                                                               584,146       100      3,128,948,927            100
 Less than marketable parcel of $500                                                                  15,823                      108,757


Voting rights
Each ordinary shareholder present at a general meeting (whether in person or by proxy or representative) is entitled to one vote
on a show of hands or, on a poll, one vote for each fully paid ordinary share held. Holders of partly paid shares voting on a poll are
entitled to a number of votes based upon the proportion that the amount of capital call and paid up on the shares bears to the
total issue price of the shares.




264   National Australia Bank
Shareholder information (cont.)




NAB Capital Notes 3 (NCN 3)

Twenty largest holders of NCN 3 as at 12 October 2023
                                                                                                                                              About
                                                                                                          Number of       % of total

                                                                                                                                           this report
                                                                                                          securities     securities
 BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING DRP A/C>                                                      3,283,631          17.52
 HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                  1,113,484           5.94
 CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                               986,921            5.27
 NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                                           353,201            1.88


                                                                                                                                           Our business
 BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD <DRP A/C>                                             232,264            1.24
 NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                                   186,681            1.00


                                                                                                                                              in 2023
 J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                                   164,145            0.88
 NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <SUPER SERVICES A/C>                                                          158,444            0.85
 NULIS NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <NAVIGATOR MAST PLAN SETT A/C>                                           128,740            0.69
 MUTUAL TRUST PTY LTD                                                                                        125,800            0.67
 NAVIGATOR AUSTRALIA LTD <MLC INVESTMENT SETT A/C>                                                           118,557            0.63




                                                                                                                                              Creating value
 DIMBULU PTY LTD                                                                                             108,500            0.58
 BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <PITCHER PARTNERS DRP>                                                         100,301            0.54
 CAPI PTY LTD                                                                                                 90,000            0.48
 INVIA CUSTODIAN PTY LIMITED <WEHI - INVESTMENT POOL A/C>                                                     75,325            0.40
 IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IPS SUPERFUND A/C>                                                         70,561            0.38
 WILLIMBURY PTY LTD                                                                                           65,609            0.35
 BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <IB AU NOMS RETAILCLIENT DRP>                                                   53,588            0.29

                                                                                                                                           Corporate
 JDB SERVICES PTY LTD <RAC & JD BRICE INVEST A/C>                                                             53,429            0.29
 BALMORAL FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS PTY LTD                                                                       50,277            0.27
 Total                                                                                                     7,519,458          40.15       Governance
                                                                                                                                           Statement
Distribution of NCN 3 holdings

                                                                              Number of
                                                                                security          % of     Number of           % of
                                                                                 holders      holders      securities    securities
 Range (number)
                                                                                                                                              Risk
 1 - 1,000                                                                        14,966         88.29       5,324,547         28.41

                                                                                                                                           management
 1,001 - 5,000                                                                     1,758         10.37       3,727,016         19.89
 5,001 - 10,000                                                                      145          0.86       1,083,175          5.78
 10,001 - 100,000                                                                     68          0.40       1,545,475          8.25
 100,001 and over                                                                     14          0.08       7,060,369         37.67
 Total                                                                            16,951          100      18,740,582           100

                                                                                                                                             Report of
 Less than marketable parcel of $500                                                   6                            12



                                                                                                                                           the Directors
Voting rights
In accordance with their terms of issue, holders of NCN 3 have no right to vote at any general meeting of the Company prior to
conversion into NAB ordinary shares.
If NCN 3 is converted into NAB ordinary shares in accordance with their terms of issue, then voting rights will be as outlined on
page 264 of this Additional information section for NAB ordinary shares.




                                                                                                                                              Financial report




                                                                                                                                            Additional

                                                                                                                                           information



                                                                                                               2023 Annual Report   265
Shareholder information (cont.)




NAB Capital Notes 5 (NCN 5)

Twenty largest holders of NCN 5 as at 12 October 2023

                                                                                                          Number of       % of total
                                                                                                          securities     securities
 HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                  2,128,550           8.92
 CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                              1,666,366           6.98
 BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD <DRP A/C>                                             610,183            2.56
 NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                                           445,753            1.87
 BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING DRP A/C>                                                       378,025            1.58
 CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <143212 NMMT LTD A/C>                                                         261,889            1.10
 J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                                   226,434            0.95
 NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <SUPER SERVICES A/C>                                                          192,143            0.81
 NAVIGATOR AUSTRALIA LTD <MLC INVESTMENT SETT A/C>                                                           161,216            0.68
 LEDA HOLDINGS PTY LTD                                                                                       154,000            0.65
 NULIS NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <NAVIGATOR MAST PLAN SETT A/C>                                           142,352            0.60
 MUTUAL TRUST PTY LTD                                                                                        138,615            0.58
 VALTELLINA PROPERTIES PTY LTD                                                                               129,200            0.54
 BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <PITCHER PARTNERS DRP>                                                         126,151            0.53
 JOHN E GILL TRADING PTY LTD                                                                                 107,866            0.45
 AM & EM NEXT GEN PTY LTD <AM & EM NEXT GEN A/C>                                                             105,000            0.44
 DIMBULU PTY LTD                                                                                             100,000            0.42
 NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                                    90,822            0.38
 BOND STREET CUSTODIANS LIMITED <KENDN - D90875 A/C>                                                          88,736            0.37
 NAVIGATOR AUSTRALIA LTD <JB WERE LIST FIX INT SMA A/C>                                                       75,828            0.32
 Total                                                                                                     7,329,129          30.73


Distribution of NCN 5 holdings

                                                                           Number of
                                                                             security          % of     Number of              % of
                                                                              holders      holders      securities       securities
 Range (number)
 1 - 1,000                                                                      20,936        87.59       7,822,240           32.78
 1,001 - 5,000                                                                   2,679        11.21       5,555,668           23.29
 5,001 - 10,000                                                                   172          0.72       1,239,406             5.19
 10,001 - 100,000                                                                  97          0.41       2,269,263             9.51
 100,001 and over                                                                  17          0.07       6,973,103           29.23
 Total                                                                         23,901          100      23,859,680              100
 Less than marketable parcel of $500                                                6                            16


Voting rights
In accordance with their terms of issue, holders of NCN 5 have no right to vote at any general meeting of the Company prior to
conversion into NAB ordinary shares.
If NCN 5 is converted into NAB ordinary shares in accordance with their terms of issue, then voting rights will be as outlined on
page 264 of this Additional information section for NAB ordinary shares.




266   National Australia Bank
Shareholder information (cont.)




NAB Capital Notes 6 (NCN 6)

Twenty largest holders of NCN 6 as at 12 October 2023
                                                                                                                                                About
                                                                                                          Number of          % of total

                                                                                                                                             this report
                                                                                                          securities        securities
 BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING DRP A/C>                                                      5,219,123            26.10
 HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                  1,487,321              7.44
 CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                              1,158,542              5.79
 BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD <DRP A/C>                                             459,914               2.30


                                                                                                                                             Our business
 NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                                           285,016               1.43
 NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                                   140,029               0.70


                                                                                                                                                in 2023
 NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <SUPER SERVICES A/C>                                                          128,672               0.64
 MUTUAL TRUST PTY LTD                                                                                        118,649               0.59
 BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <PITCHER PARTNERS DRP>                                                         103,223               0.52
 TANDOM PTY LTD                                                                                              100,192               0.50
 J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                                    89,170               0.45




                                                                                                                                                Creating value
 DIMBULU PTY LTD                                                                                              50,000               0.25
 ELMORE HOLDINGS PTY LIMITED <PEABODY FAMILY A/C>                                                             50,000               0.25
 IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IPS SUPERFUND A/C>                                                         48,531               0.24
 FAMILY ENDEAVOURS PTY LTD <BEST ENDEAVOURS A/C>                                                              48,500               0.24
 BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD ACF CLEARSTREAM                                                                 45,041               0.23
 PESUTU PTY LTD <KAREDIS SUPER A/C>                                                                           43,729               0.22
 JOHN E GILL TRADING PTY LTD                                                                                  37,217               0.19

                                                                                                                                             Corporate
 ELPHINSTONE HOLDINGS PTY LIMITED                                                                             36,012               0.18
 NAVIGATOR AUSTRALIA LTD <MLC INVESTMENT SETT A/C>                                                            34,371               0.17
 Total                                                                                                     9,683,252             48.43      Governance
                                                                                                                                             Statement
Distribution of NCN 6 holdings

                                                                              Number of
                                                                                security          % of     Number of              % of
                                                                                 holders      holders      securities       securities
 Range (number)
                                                                                                                                                Risk
 1 - 1,000                                                                        13,012         87.02       4,636,755           23.18

                                                                                                                                             management
 1,001 - 5,000                                                                     1,740         11.64       3,652,671           18.26
 5,001 - 10,000                                                                      110          0.74         824,229             4.12
 10,001 - 100,000                                                                     79          0.53       1,685,664             8.43
 100,001 and over                                                                     11          0.07       9,200,681           46.01
 Total                                                                            14,952          100      20,000,000              100

                                                                                                                                               Report of
 Less than marketable parcel of $500                                                   2                                4



                                                                                                                                             the Directors
Voting rights
In accordance with their terms of issue, holders of NCN 6 have no right to vote at any general meeting of the Company prior to
conversion into NAB ordinary shares.
If NCN 6 is converted into NAB ordinary shares in accordance with their terms of issue, then voting rights will be as outlined on
page 264 of this Additional information section for NAB ordinary shares.




                                                                                                                                                Financial report




                                                                                                                                              Additional

                                                                                                                                             information



                                                                                                               2023 Annual Report     267
Shareholder information (cont.)




NAB Capital Notes 7 (NCN 7)

Twenty largest holders of NCN 7 as at 12 October 2023

                                                                                                          Number of          % of total
                                                                                                          securities        securities
 HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                  1,737,591            13.90
 BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD <DRP A/C>                                             540,548               4.32
 CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                               489,503               3.92
 NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                                           170,097               1.36
 HIGHAM HILL PTY LTD                                                                                         106,802               0.85
 DIMBULU PTY LTD                                                                                             100,000               0.80
 MR JOHN WILLIAM CUNNINGHAM                                                                                   90,680               0.73
 BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <PITCHER PARTNERS DRP>                                                          83,060               0.66
 J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                                    59,416               0.48
 NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <SUPER SERVICES A/C>                                                           58,614               0.47
 PARKYN CAPITAL PTY LTD                                                                                       55,000               0.44
 MUTUAL TRUST PTY LTD                                                                                         46,104               0.37
 2 KINANE STREET PTY LTD                                                                                      36,280               0.29
 GILLIES FAMILY HOLDINGS PTY LTD                                                                              34,190               0.27
 POPEYE TREASURES PTY LTD                                                                                     30,220               0.24
 KADOO PTY LIMITED <B & D FAMILY A/C>                                                                         30,128               0.24
 CORP OF THE TSTEES OF THE ROMAN CATH ARC                                                                     30,000               0.24
 MR TETSUO KAWAI                                                                                              29,000               0.23
 NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                                    28,445               0.23
 CERTANE CT PTY LTD <BIPETA>                                                                                  25,000               0.20
 Total                                                                                                     3,780,678             30.24


Distribution of NCN 7 holdings

                                                                              Number of
                                                                                security          % of     Number of              % of
                                                                                 holders      holders      securities       securities
 Range (number)
 1 - 1,000                                                                         9,295         84.41       3,536,895           28.30
 1,001 - 5,000                                                                     1,505         13.67       3,258,170           26.07
 5,001 - 10,000                                                                      128          1.16         899,972             7.20
 10,001 - 100,000                                                                     78          0.71       1,760,422           14.08
 100,001 and over                                                                      6          0.05       3,044,541           24.35
 Total                                                                            11,012          100      12,500,000              100
 Less than marketable parcel of $500                                                   -                                -


Voting rights
In accordance with their terms of issue, holders of NCN 7 have no right to vote at any general meeting of the Company prior to
conversion into NAB ordinary shares.
If NCN 7 is converted into NAB ordinary shares in accordance with their terms of issue, then voting rights will be as outlined on
page 264 of this Additional information section for NAB ordinary shares.




268   National Australia Bank
Shareholder information (cont.)




Official quotation
Fully paid ordinary shares of the Company are quoted on the ASX.

                                                                                                                                             About
The Group has also issued:
•   NAB Capital Notes 3, NAB Capital Notes 5, NAB Capital Notes 6, NAB Capital Notes 7, covered bonds and residential mortgage
                                                                                                                                          this report
    backed securities which are quoted on the ASX.
•   Medium-term notes, subordinated notes and covered bonds which are quoted on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
•   Medium-term notes and perpetual preference shares which are quoted on the NZX Debt Market.
•   Medium-term notes and covered bonds which are quoted on the SIX Swiss Exchange.
•   Medium-term notes which are quoted on the Taipei Exchange.

Unquoted securities                                                                                                                       Our business

                                                                                                                                             in 2023
NAB has the following unquoted securities on issue as at 31 October 2023:
•   8,950 partly paid ordinary shares, of which there are 13 holders
•   3,635,434 rights, of which there are 65 holders (refer to page 114 of this report for further details).




                                                                                                                                             Creating value




                                                                                                                                          Corporate
                                                                                                                                         Governance
                                                                                                                                          Statement




                                                                                                                                             Risk


                                                                                                                                          management




                                                                                                                                            Report of


                                                                                                                                          the Directors




                                                                                                                                             Financial report




                                                                                                                                           Additional

                                                                                                                                          information



                                                                                                              2023 Annual Report   269
Chair                                                             Principal Share Register
Mr Philip Chronican                                               Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited
BCom (Hons), MBA (Dist), GAICD, SF Fin                            Yarra Falls
                                                                  452 Johnston Street
Group Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director               ABBOTSFORD VIC 3067
Mr Ross McEwan CBE                                                Australia
BBus                                                              Postal address:
                                                                  GPO Box 2333
Group Chief Financial Officer
                                                                  MELBOURNE VIC 3001
Mr Nathan Goonan                                                  Australia
BCom, BAgrSc (Hons)
                                                                  Local call: 1300 367 647
Registered office                                                 Fax: +61 3 9473 2500
                                                                  Telephone and fax (outside Australia):
Level 28
                                                                  Tel: +61 3 9415 4299; Fax: +61 3 9473 2500
395 Bourke Street
MELBOURNE VIC 3000                                                Email: nabservices@computershare.com.au
Australia                                                         Website: www.investorcentre.com/au
Tel: 1300 889 398
                                                                  United Kingdom Share Register
Tel: +61 3 8615 3064
                                                                  Computershare Investor Services plc
International locations                                           The Pavilions
nab.com.au/corporate/global-relationships                         Bridgwater Road BRISTOL BS99 6ZZ
                                                                  United Kingdom
Auditor                                                           Tel: +44 370 703 0197
Ernst & Young                                                     Fax: +44 370 703 6101
8 Exhibition Street                                               Email: nabgroup@computershare.co.uk
MELBOURNE VIC 3000                                                Website: www.investorcentre.com/au
Australia
Tel: +61 3 9288 8000                                              United States ADR Depositary, Transfer Agent and Registrar
                                                                  contact details for NAB ADR holders:
Company Secretary
                                                                  Deutsche Bank Shareholder Services
Mrs Louise Thomson BBus (Dist), FGIA                              American Stock Transfer & Trust Company Operations Center
                                                                  6201 15th Avenue
Group Investor Relations
                                                                  Brooklyn, NY 11219
National Australia Bank Limited                                   USA
Level 2                                                           Toll-free number: +1 866 706 0509
2 Carrington Street                                               Direct Dial: +1 718 921 8137
SYDNEY NSW 2000                                                   Email: db@amstock.com
Australia
Email: investorrelations@nab.com.au                               Contact details for NAB ADR brokers &
                                                                  institutional investors:
Sustainability
                                                                  US Tel: +1 212 250 9100
National Australia Bank Limited                                   UK Tel: +44 207 547 6500
Level 21                                                          Email: adr@db.com
395 Bourke Street
MELBOURNE VIC 3000
Australia
Email: sustainability@nab.com.au

Shareholder Centre website
The Group’s website at nab.com.au/shareholder has a
dedicated separate section where shareholders can gain
access to a wide range of information, including copies of
recent announcements, annual reports as well as extensive
historical information.

Shareholder information line
There is a convenient 24 hours a day, 7 days a week automated
service. To obtain the current balance of your securities and
relevant payment details, telephone 1300 367 647 (Australia) or
+61 3 9415 4299 (outside Australia).
These services are secured to protect your interests. In all
communications with the Share Registry, please ensure you
quote your Securityholder Reference Number (SRN), or in case
of broker sponsored shareholders, your Holder Identification
Number (HIN).



270   National Australia Bank
Glossary
12-month expected credit losses (ECL)               Basel III                                           Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital
The portion of lifetime expected credit losses      Basel III is a global regulatory framework          CET1 capital ranks behind the claims of
that represent the expected losses arising          designed to increase the resilience of banks        depositors and other creditors in the event

                                                                                                                                                                 About
from default events that could occur within 12      and banking systems and was effective for           of winding-up of the issuer, absorbs losses
months of the reporting date.                       ADIs from 1 January 2013.                           as and when they occur, has full flexibility of
86 400                                              BBSW                                                dividend payments and has no maturity date.

                                                                                                                                                              this report
                                                                                                        CET1 capital consists of the sum of paid-up
86 400 refers to 86 400 Holdings Limited,           Bank Bill Swap Rate.
                                                                                                        ordinary share capital, retained profits plus
86 400 Pty Ltd and 86 400 Technology Pty Ltd,       BEAR                                                certain other items as defined in APS 111
the entities acquired by the Group in May 2021.
                                                    Banking Executive Accountability Regime.            Capital Adequacy: Measurement of Capital.
90+ days past due (DPD) and gross impaired
                                                    BEAR Accountable Person                             Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio
assets to GLAs
                                                    For the purposes of BEAR, NAB has registered        CET1 capital divided by risk-weighted assets.
Calculated as the sum of ‘90+ DPD assets’ and
                                                    certain individuals (the directors, Group           Company
‘Gross impaired assets’, divided by gross loans
                                                    Executives, Executive Internal Audit and

                                                                                                                                                              Our business
and acceptances.                                                                                        National Australia Bank Limited (NAB) ABN 12
                                                    Executive Group Money Laundering Reporting
90+ DPD assets                                                                                          004 044 937.
                                                    Officer) as ‘Accountable Persons’ with APRA.
90+ DPD assets consist of assets that are                                                               Compensation Scheme of Last Resort (CSLR)
                                                    BNZ

                                                                                                                                                                 in 2023
contractually 90 days or more past due, but                                                             The CSLR is a scheme designed to make
                                                    Bank of New Zealand, a subsidiary of National
not impaired.                                                                                           payments on a last-resort basis to eligible
                                                    Australia Bank Group.
AA1000 Stakeholder Engagement Standard                                                                  consumers where determinations by the
                                                    BNZ Life                                            Australian Financial Complaints Authority
The standard is designed to enable                                                                      (AFCA) for compensation remain unpaid, as
                                                    BNZ Life was the Group's New Zealand life
organisations to respond to stakeholders in a                                                           approved by the Australian Parliament in
                                                    insurance business operating as BNZ Life.
comprehensive and balanced way. These are                                                               June 2023.
                                                    The sale of BNZ Life to New Zealand life
based on the principles Inclusivity, Materiality,
                                                    insurance provider Partners Life completed on




                                                                                                                                                                 Creating value
Responsiveness, and Impact.                                                                             Continuing operations
                                                    30 September 2022.
AASB                                                                                                    Continuing operations are the components
                                                    Business lending                                    of the Group which are not
Australian Accounting Standards Board.                                                                  discontinued operations.
                                                    Lending to non-retail customers including
Accountable Person                                  overdrafts, asset and lease financing, term         Core assets
An accountable person for the purposes of           lending, bill acceptances, foreign currency
                                                                                                        Represents gross loans and advances
the Banking Act 1959 (Cth).                         loans, international and trade finance,
                                                                                                        including acceptances, financial assets at
Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital                     securitisation and specialised finance.
                                                                                                        fair value, and other debt instruments at
AT1 capital comprises high quality                  Carbon neutral in operations                        amortised cost.
components of capital that satisfy the criteria     Refers to the process the Group follows             Cost to income ratio (CTI)
for inclusion as Additional Tier 1 capital          to first avoid and reduce greenhouse gas
                                                                                                        Represents operating expenses as a
as defined in APS 111 Capital Adequacy:             emissions associated with NAB's operational
                                                                                                                                                              Corporate
                                                                                                        percentage of operating revenue.
Measurement of Capital.                             Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions (excluding
                                                    financed emissions) and then to retire carbon       CO2-e (carbon dioxide equivalent)
ADI
Authorised Deposit-taking Institution.
                                                    offsets for residual emissions. NAB's Australian
                                                    operations are certified carbon neutral under
                                                                                                        The common unit of measure for the
                                                                                                        expression of Greenhouse Gas (GHG)
                                                                                                                                                             Governance
                                                                                                                                                              Statement
ADR                                                 the Climate Active Standard for Organisations.      emissions. Each unit of GHG has a different
American Depositary Receipt.                        BNZ and JBWere NZ are Toitū net carbonzero          global warming potential. Therefore, all
                                                    organisation certified.                             greenhouse gases are converted back
AGM
                                                    Cash earnings                                       to tonnes (tCO2-e) of carbon dioxide
Annual General Meeting of National Australia                                                            equivalent to enable consistent comparison
Bank Limited.                                       Cash earnings is a non-IFRS key performance
                                                                                                        and measurement.
                                                    measure used by the Group and the
AML                                                                                                     CQiB

                                                                                                                                                                 Risk
                                                    investment community. Cash earnings is
Anti-Money Laundering.                              defined as net profit attributable to owners        Career Qualified in Banking program.
Annual Variable Reward (VR)                         of the Company from continuing operations           CTF
An 'at risk' opportunity for individuals            adjusted for non-cash items, including items
                                                                                                        Counter-Terrorism Financing.

                                                                                                                                                              management
to receive an annual performance-based              such as hedging and fair value volatility, the
reward. The actual VR that an individual will       amortisation of acquired intangible assets          Customer deposits
receive in any particular year will reflect both    and gains or losses on certain other items          The sum of interest bearing, non-interest
business and individual performance.                associated with acquisitions, disposals and         bearing and term deposits (including retail
                                                    business closures.                                  and corporate deposits).
APRA
Australian Prudential Regulation Authority.         Cash net interest income (Cash NII)                 Customer Funding Index (CFI)
                                                    Cash NII is derived from statutory net interest     Customer deposits (excluding certain short
APS

                                                                                                                                                                Report of
                                                    income, including management adjustments            dated institutional deposits used to fund liquid
Prudential Standards issued by APRA                 for fair value hedge ineffectiveness and            assets) divided by core assets.
applicable to ADIs.                                 a reclassification of income from the NAB           D-SIB
ASIC                                                Wealth Business that management considers


                                                                                                                                                              the Directors
                                                    better reflected in net interest income for         Domestic Systemically Important Banks.
Australian Securities and
Investments Commission.                             their purposes. In these financial statements,      Default
                                                    there is no material difference between Cash        Default occurs when a loan obligation is
ASX                                                 NII and statutory net interest income.              contractually 90 days or more past due, or
Australian Securities Exchange Limited (or the                                                          when it is considered unlikely that the credit
market operated by it).                             Cash return on equity (cash ROE)
                                                    Cash earnings after tax expressed as a              obligation to the Group will be paid in full
AUSTRAC                                             percentage of average equity (adjusted).            without remedial action, such as realisation




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial report
Australian Transaction Reports and                                                                      of security.
Analysis Centre.                                    CGU
                                                                                                        Default but not impaired assets
                                                    Cash-generating unit.
Available stable funding (ASF)                                                                          Calculated as the sum of '90+ DPD assets' and
The portion of an ADI's capital and liabilities     Citi consumer business                              'Default <90DPD but not impaired assets'.
expected to be reliably provided over a one-        Citi consumer business refers to Citigroup's        Dilutive potential ordinary share
year time horizon.                                  Australian consumer business, acquired by
                                                    the Group in June 2022.                             A financial instrument or other contract that
Average equity (adjusted)                                                                               may entitle its holder to ordinary shares and
Average equity adjusted to exclude                  Citigroup                                           which would have the effect of decreasing
non-controlling interests and other                 Citigroup Pty Limited and Citigroup Overseas        earnings per share. For the Group in the
equity instruments.                                 Investment Corporation.                             September 2023 full year, these include
                                                    Committed Liquidity Facility (CLF)                  convertible notes and notes issued under
Average interest earning assets
                                                                                                        employee incentive schemes.

                                                                                                                                                               Additional
The average balance of assets held by               A facility provided by the RBA to certain ADIs
the Group over the period that generate             to assist them in meeting the Basel III liquidity   Discontinued operations
interest income.                                    requirements. The CLF was reduced to zero on        Discontinued operations are a component


                                                                                                                                                              information
                                                    1 January 2023.                                     of the Group that either has been disposed
Bank levy
                                                                                                        of, or is classified as held for sale, and
A levy imposed under the Major Bank Levy Act                                                            represents a separate major line of business
2017 (Cth) on ADIs with total liabilities of more                                                       or geographical area of operations, which is
than $100 billion.                                                                                      part of a single coordinated plan for disposal.


                                                                                                                               2023 Annual Report      271
Distributions                                         Forward looking adjustment (FLA)                   Impaired assets
Payments to holders of equity instruments             Forward looking adjustments reflect part           Consists of: Retail loans (excluding unsecured
other than ordinary shares, including National        of the provision for credit impairment             portfolio managed facilities) which are
Income Securities.                                    derived from reasonable and supportable            contractually 90 days or more past due with
Dividend payout ratio                                 forecasts of potential future conditions           security insufficient to cover principal and
                                                      (forward looking information) that are not         interest or where sufficient doubt exists
Dividends paid on ordinary shares divided by
                                                      otherwise captured within the underlying           about the ability to collect principal and
cash earnings per share.
                                                      credit provision or the economic adjustments.      interest in a timely manner. Non-retail loans
DLP                                                   They incorporate more targeted sector-             which are contractually past due and / or
Distinctive Leadership program.                       specific forward looking information.              where there is sufficient doubt the ability
EaR                                                   Full-time equivalent employees (FTEs)              to collect principal and interest. Off-balance
                                                                                                         sheet credit exposures where current
Earnings at risk.                                     Includes all full-time, part-time, temporary,
                                                                                                         circumstances indicate that losses may
Earnings per share - basic                            fixed term and casual employee equivalents,
                                                                                                         be incurred. Unsecured portfolio managed
                                                      as well as agency temporary employees and
Calculated as net profit attributable to                                                                 facilities that are 180 days or more past due
                                                      external contractors either self-employed
ordinary equity holders of the parent                                                                    (if not written off).
                                                      or employed by a third party agency. Note:
(statutory basis) or cash earnings (cash              this excludes consultants, IT professional         Imputation credit
earnings basis), divided by the weighted              services, outsourced service providers and         Tax credit passed on to shareholders
average number of ordinary shares.                    non-executive directors.                           who receive partially or fully franked
Earnings per share - diluted                          Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions                     dividend / distribution.
Calculated as net profit attributable to              Gaseous pollutants released into the               Interim 2030 sector-specific
ordinary equity holders of the parent                 atmosphere that amplify the greenhouse             decarbonisation targets (sector
(statutory basis) or cash earnings (cash              effect. Gases responsible include                  decarbonisation targets)
earnings basis), divided by the weighted              carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide,            Refers to targets set at intervals towards
average number of ordinary shares, after              hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons and           over-arching net zero by 2050 targets. NAB's
adjusting both earnings and the weighted              sulphur hexafluoride.                              first wave of interim targets are set for 2030.
average number of ordinary shares for the                                                                Also referred to as 'sector targets'.
impact of dilutive potential ordinary shares.         Gross Domestic Product (GDP)
                                                      GDP is the market value of finished goods and      Internal ratings-based (IRB)
Economic adjustments
                                                      services produced within a country in a given      An approach to calculate capital
The economic adjustment forms part of the             period of time.                                    requirements for credit risk exposures, which
provision for credit impairment derived from                                                             utilises the outputs of internally developed
reasonable and supportable forecasts of               Gross impaired assets
                                                                                                         credit risk measurement models.
potential future conditions (forward looking          Calculated as the sum of ‘Impaired assets’ and
information) that is not captured within the          ‘Restructured loans’.                              Just transition
underlying credit provision. It incorporates          Gross loans and acceptances (GLAs)                 Global effort to transition to a low carbon
general macro-economic forward looking                                                                   economy in a way that is as fair and inclusive
                                                      Total loans, advances and acceptances,
information (for example, GDP, unemployment                                                              as possible to all people, creating decent
                                                      including unearned and deferred fee income,
and interest rates).                                                                                     work opportunities and leaving no one behind.
                                                      excluding associated provisions for expected
Enforceable Undertaking (EU)                          credit losses. Calculated as the sum of            Key Management Personnel (KMP)
An enforceable undertaking under subsection           'Acceptances', 'Loans and advances at              NAB's Key Management Personnel (KMP) is
197(1) of the Anti-Money Laundering and               fair value’ and ‘Loans and advances at             assessed each year and comprises the non-
Counter-Terrorism Financing Act 2006 (Cth)            amortised cost’.                                   executive directors of NAB, the Group CEO
entered into between NAB and the CEO of               Group                                              (an executive director of NAB) and those
AUSTRAC on 29 April 2022, in relation to                                                                 employees of the Group who have authority
                                                      NAB and its controlled entities.
concerns identified by AUSTRAC with the                                                                  and responsibility for planning, directing and
Group’s compliance with certain AML and CTF           Group Executives                                   controlling the activities of both NAB and
requirements which were the subject of a              The ELT, excluding the Group CEO.                  the Group.
formal investigation by AUSTRAC.                      Group Performance Indicators (GPI)                 Leverage ratio
Environmental reporting year                          A scorecard of financial and non-financial         Tier 1 capital divided by exposures as
Environmental reporting period from 1 July to         performance measures linked to the Group’s         defined by APS 110 Capital Adequacy. It
30 June. Aligned with the National Greenhouse         key strategic priorities, overlaid by a            is a simple, non-risk based measure to
and Energy Reporting Act 2007 (Cth).                  qualitative assessment. The GPI is used to         supplement the risk-weighted assets based
Executive Leadership Team (ELT)                       assess the Group’s performance for the             capital requirements. Exposures include
                                                      purpose of the Annual VR Plan.                     on-balance sheet exposures, derivative
Executive Leadership Team means the Group                                                                exposures, securities financing transaction
CEO and the Group Executives.                         Hedging and fair value volatility
                                                                                                         exposures and non-market related off-
Fair value                                            This volatility represents timing differences      balance sheet exposures.
                                                      between the unrealised gains or losses
The price that would be received to sell an                                                              Lifetime expected credit losses (ECL)
                                                      recognised over the term of the transactions
asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly                                                      The ECL that result from all possible
                                                      and the ultimate economic outcome which
transaction between market participants at                                                               default events over the expected life of a
                                                      will only be realised in future. This volatility
measurement date.                                                                                        financial instrument.
                                                      arises primarily from fair value movements
Fair value (for the purposes of equity                relating to trading derivatives held for risk      Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR)
awards set out in the Remuneration Report)            management purposes; fair value movements
                                                                                                         A metric that measures the adequacy of
The value of the awards provided are                  relating to assets, liabilities and derivatives
                                                                                                         HQLA available to meet net cash outflows
measured by reference to the grant date fair          designated in hedge relationships; and fair
                                                                                                         over a 30-day period during a severe liquidity
value of the shares and performance rights            value movements relating to assets and
                                                                                                         stress scenario.
provided to employees. The grant date fair            liabilities designated at fair value.
value of each share is determined by the                                                                 Location-based accounting
                                                      High-quality liquid assets (HQLA)
market value of NAB shares, and is generally                                                             An emissions accounting approach that
                                                      Consists primarily of cash, deposits with
a five-day weighted average share price. The                                                             calculates electricity emissions based on
                                                      central banks, Australian government and
fair value of the shares and performance                                                                 the average emissions intensity of the
                                                      semi-government securities and securities
rights with market performance hurdles is                                                                electricity grid in the location (state) in
                                                      issued by foreign sovereigns as defined in APS
determined using a simulated version of the                                                              which the electricity consumption occurs.
                                                      210 Liquidity.
Black-Scholes model.                                                                                     Location-based accounting therefore does
                                                      Housing lending                                    not recognise the surrender of LGCs as
FINSIA
                                                      Mortgages secured by residential properties        evidence of renewable electricity use.
Financial Services Institute of Australasia.          as collateral.                                     Long Term Variable Reward (LTVR)
Fixed Remuneration (FR)                               IBOR                                               An 'at risk' opportunity for the ELT to receive
Base salary and superannuation paid regularly         Interbank Offered Rates.                           a long-term performance-based reward,
during the year.                                                                                         vesting after a four-year performance period
                                                      IFRS
                                                                                                         subject to the applicable performance hurdle.
                                                      International Financial Reporting Standards        The actual LTVR that an individual will receive
                                                      as issued by the International Accounting          on vesting will reflect achievement of the
                                                      Standards Board (IASB).                            performance hurdle.




272   National Australia Bank
Market-based accounting                             Royal Commission                                    Statutory net profit
An emissions accounting approach that               The Royal Commission into Misconduct                Net profit attributable to owners of
allows total electricity consumption to             in the Banking, Superannuation and                  the Company.

                                                                                                                                                                   About
be reduced by the megawatt hours of                 Financial Services Industry established on          Statutory return on equity
renewable electricity consumed by the               14 December 2017 by the Governor-General
                                                                                                        Statutory earnings after tax expressed as
company before applying an emissions                of the Commonwealth of Australia to
                                                                                                        a percentage of average equity (adjusted),
                                                                                                                                                                this report
factor to grid-imported electricity. Market-        conduct a formal public inquiry into Australian
                                                                                                        calculated on a statutory basis.
based accounting therefore recognises the           financial institutions.
surrender of LGCs as evidence of renewable                                                              Structured entity
                                                    Scope 1
electricity use.                                                                                        An entity created to accomplish a narrow
                                                    This includes direct emissions from within an
MLC Life                                                                                                well-defined objective (e.g. securitisation of
                                                    organisation’s boundary. These emissions are
                                                                                                        financial assets). A structured entity may take
MLC Limited.                                        from sources that the organisation owns or
                                                                                                        the form of a corporation, trust, partnership
MLC Wealth                                          controls such as:
                                                                                                        or unincorporated entity. Structured entities
                                                    • Combustion of fuel in boilers, furnace or

                                                                                                                                                                Our business
MLC Wealth was the Group’s Wealth division                                                              are often created with legal arrangements
which provided superannuation, investments,            generators that are owned or controlled          that impose strict limits on the activities of
asset management and financial advice to               by the reporting company.                        the structured entity.
retail, corporate and institutional customers,      • Generation of electricity, steam or heat in

                                                                                                                                                                   in 2023
                                                                                                        TCFD
supported by several brands including MLC,             equipment that is owned or controlled by
                                                       the reporting company.                           The Financial Stability Board Task Force on
Plum and investment brands under MLC
                                                                                                        Climate-related Financial Disclosures.
Asset Management. The sale of MLC Wealth            • Business travel in vehicles such as
to Insignia Financial Ltd completed on                 company cars or corporate jets that              Term Funding Index (TFI)
31 May 2021.                                           are owned or controlled by the                   Term wholesale funding with remaining
NAB                                                    reporting company, colleague commuting           maturity to first call date greater than 12
                                                       in company-owned or controlled vehicles,         months, including Term Funding Facility (TFF)
'NAB' or the 'Company' means National Australia




                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value
                                                       such as company cars.                            drawdowns divided by core assets.
Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937.
                                                    • Hydrofluorocarbon emissions                       Tier 1 capital
NAB Foundation                                         from company-owned or                            Tier 1 capital comprises CET1 capital and
A registered charity which does not form part          controlled refrigeration or air-                 instruments that meet the criteria for
of the Group.                                          conditioning equipment.                          inclusion as Additional Tier 1 capital set out
NAB risk management                                 Scope 2                                             in APS 111 Capital Adequacy: Measurement
Management of interest rate risk in the             Indirect emissions from electricity that is used    of Capital.
banking book, wholesale funding and liquidity       by the organisation but is generated outside        Tier 1 capital ratio
requirements and trading market risk to             the organisation’s boundary by another              Tier 1 capital divided by risk-weighted assets.
support the Group’s franchises.                     company, such as an electricity provider.
                                                    This is called ‘purchased electricity’. This        Tier 2 capital
Net interest margin (NIM)
                                                    includes indirect emissions from purchased or       Tier 2 capital comprises other components
                                                                                                                                                                Corporate
Net interest income derived on a cash
                                                    acquired electricity, steam, heat or cooling.       of capital that, to varying degrees, do not
earnings basis expressed as a percentage of
                                                    Scope 3                                             meet the requirements as Tier 1 capital
average interest earning assets.
Net Promoter Score (NPS)                            All other indirect emissions that occur outside
                                                                                                        but nonetheless contribute to the overall
                                                                                                        strength of an ADI and its capacity to
                                                                                                                                                               Governance
                                                    the boundary of the organisation as a result
                                                                                                                                                                Statement
Net Promoter® and NPS® are registered                                                                   absorb losses.
trademarks, and Net Promoter Score and              of the activities of the organisation, including
                                                    indirect emissions from:                            Top quartile
Net Promoter System are trademarks of Bain
                                                    • Business travel in non-company owned              Top quartile comparison is based upon Glint’s
& Company, Satmetrix Systems and Fred
                                                         or controlled vehicles, such as                client group (domestic and global, from
Reichheld. Net Promoter Score measures the
                                                         rental cars, colleague cars, rail and          all industries).
likelihood of a customer's recommendation
to others.                                               commercial planes.                             Total average assets


                                                                                                                                                                   Risk
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)                     • Combustion of fuel in boilers or                  The average balance of assets held by
                                                         furnaces not owned or controlled by the        the Group over the period, adjusted for
A ratio of the amount of available stable                reporting company.                             discontinued operations.
funding (ASF) to the amount of required stable


                                                                                                                                                                management
funding (RSF).                                      • Energy used by colleagues working                 Total capital
                                                         from home.
Non-performing exposures                                                                                Tier 1 capital plus Tier 2 capital.
                                                    • Third-party production or manufacture
Exposures which are in default aligned to the            of materials and resources used by the         Total capital ratio
definition in APS 220 Credit Risk Management.            reporting company, such as furniture,          Total capital divided by risk-weighted assets.
NZBA                                                     paper and equipment.                           Total Shareholder Return (TSR)
Net Zero Banking Alliance.                          • Indirect losses resulting from the                The return that a shareholder receives
                                                         transmission of electricity and other fuels.   through dividends (and any other
Official Cash Rate

                                                                                                                                                                  Report of
                                                    • Emissions generated through the                   distributions) together with capital gains over
Official Cash Rate is an interest rate set by the
                                                         investments a company makes, see               a specific period.
Reserve Bank of New Zealand.
                                                         definition for 'Financed emissions'.           Treasury shares
PPS

                                                                                                                                                                the Directors
                                                    Securitisation                                      Shares issued to meet the requirements of
Perpetual preference shares.
                                                    Structured finance technique which involves         employee incentive schemes which have not
PRB                                                 pooling, packaging cash flows and converting        yet been distributed.
Principles for Responsible Banking                  financial assets into securities that can be        UN PRB
RBA                                                 sold to investors.
                                                                                                        United Nations Principles for
Reserve Bank of Australia.                          SME                                                 Responsible Banking.
                                                    Small and medium-sized enterprises.




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
RBNZ                                                                                                    Underlying profit / loss
Reserve Bank of New Zealand.                        Stable Funding Index (SFI)                          Underlying profit / loss is a non-IFRS
Required stable funding (RSF)                       Term Funding Index (TFI) plus Customer              performance measure used by the Group.
                                                    Funding Index (CFI).                                It represents cash earnings before credit
The amount of stable funding an ADI is
                                                    Standardised approach                               impairment charges and income tax expense.
required to hold measured as a function
of the liquidity characteristics and residual       An alternative approach used to calculate           UNEP FI Guidelines
maturities of the various assets held by an ADI,    the capital requirement for credit risk, which      United Nations Environment Programme
including off-balance sheet exposures.              utilises regulatory prescribed risk-weights         Finance Initiative Guidelines for Climate Target
Risk-weighted assets (RWA)                          based on external ratings and / or the              Setting for Banks.
                                                    application of specific regulator defined           Value at Risk (VaR)
A quantitative measure of risk required by the
                                                    metrics to determine risk-weighted assets.
APRA risk-based capital adequacy framework,                                                             A mathematical technique that uses
covering credit risk for on and off-balance         Standardised Measurement Approach (SMA)             statistical analysis of historical data to

                                                                                                                                                                 Additional
sheet exposures, market risk, operational risk      An approach used to calculate the capital           estimate the likelihood that a given portfolio’s
and interest rate risk in the banking book.         requirement for operational risk based on           losses will exceed a certain amount.
RMBS                                                a business indicator, a financial statement

                                                                                                                                                                information
                                                    proxy of operational risk exposure. This
Residential Mortgage Backed Securities.
                                                    approach was applied by the Group from
                                                    1 January 2022.




                                                                                                                                 2023 Annual Report      273
Weighted average number of
ordinary shares
The number of ordinary shares outstanding
at the beginning of the period, adjusted by
the number of ordinary shares bought back
or issued during the period multiplied by
a time-weighting factor. The time-weighting
factor is the number of days that the shares
are outstanding as a proportion of the total
number of days in the period.




274   National Australia Bank
This page has been intentionally left blank.
www.nab.com.au/shareholder
The cover of this publication is printed on Revive Laser paper stock. Revive Laser is 100% Recycled, manufactured from
Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC®) Recycled certified fibre and manufactured carbon neutral. It is produced by an ISO14001
(environmental management system) certified mill. No chlorine bleaching occurs in the recycling process. The text of this
publication is printed on Sumo Laser paper stock. Sumo Laser is an environmentally responsible paper manufactured under
the ISO14001 Environmental Management System, using elemental chlorine free pulp. Sumo Laser is FSC® Certified Mix pulp.
The printer’s operation is accredited to ISO 14001 and ISO 9001 (quality management system) standards and holds FSC®
(chain of Custody) certification.
This publication is fully recyclable, please dispose of wisely. Emissions generated from the production of this Annual
Report have been offset.
Offsets corresponding to 8,171 kg of CO2-e have been retired.


© 2022 National Australia Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937 AFSL and Australian Credit Licence 230686        A170520-1022
