                        Annual Report
                        2024




For personal use only




                        National Australia Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937
For personal use only




                        National Australia Bank Limited
                        ABN 12 004 044 937
                        This 2024 Annual Report (Report) is lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission and ASX Limited.
                        National Australia Bank Limited (NAB) is publicly listed in Australia.
                        The Report contains information prepared on the basis of the Banking Act 1959 (Cth), Corporations Act 2001 (Cth),
                        4th edition ASX Corporate Governance Councilʼs Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations, Accounting
                        Standards and interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board and International Financial Reporting
                        Standards and interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. It also provides information on the
                        Groupʼs activities and performance in 2024, showing how the Group is creating value through its strategy, operating
                        environment, governance and financial and non-financial activities. NAB also produces a Climate Report which can be viewed
                        online at nab.com.au/annualreports.
                        To view the Report online, visit www.nab.com.au/annualreports. Alternatively, to arrange for a copy to be sent to you free of
                        charge, call the shareholder information line on 1300 367 647 from within Australia or +61 3 9415 4299 from outside Australia.
                        Nothing in the Report is, or should be taken as, an offer of securities in NAB for issue or sale, or an invitation to apply for the
                        purchase of such securities. All figures in the Report are in Australian dollars unless otherwise stated.
                        2024 Reporting Suite
                            Acknowledgement of Country

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        About
                            NAB acknowledges the Traditional Custodians of the land as Australia’s First Peoples and recognises their continuing
                            connection to lands, water and country. We make this acknowledgement with the ambition to continue supporting a

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      this report
                            reconciled Australia through our actions and voice.
                            “Indigenous Australians”, "Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander" and "First Nations people" (or "First Nations Australians")
                            are used interchangeably throughout this report. By intent, these terms refer to Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander
                            peoples of Australia. These terms, however, do not reflect the diversity of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples. NAB
                            acknowledges that many Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people prefer to be known by other cultural names.



                        2024 Annual Report                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Our business

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         in 2024
                                                                                                                                              NAB’s 2024 Annual Report provides information on the Group’s activities and performance
                                                                                                                                              during 2024. It outlines how NAB is creating value through its strategy, operating environment,
                                                                                                                                              governance, financial and non-financial activities.
                                  Annual Report
                                  2024                                                                                                        The Annual Report draws on aspects of the International Integrated Reporting Framework, Global
                                                                                                                                              Reporting Initiative Standard and forthcoming Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards. It is
                                                                                                                                              supported by the additional documents outlined below.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                              Report Structure
                                                                                                                                              Pages 10 to 60 contain information on the Group’s business, strategy, operating environment
                                                                                                                                              and performance. These pages outline performance relevant to customers, colleagues,
                                                                                                                                              climate change and environment, technology, data and security, respecting human rights and
                                                                                                                                              communities. Stakeholder feedback was considered in the shaping of this section (refer to ESG
                                                                                                                                              materiality assessment on page 23 for more information).
                                                                                                                                              Pages 67 to 90 contain NAB’s 2024 Corporate Governance Statement, which discloses how the
                                                                                                                                              ASX Corporate Governance Council’s ‘Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations –
                                                                                                                                              4th edition’ have been complied with.
                                                                                                                                              Pages 107 to 163 contain key components of the Report of the Directors.
                                                                                                                                              Pages 119 to 161 contain the Remuneration Report.                                                                                                                                       Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Governance
                                  National Australia Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937




                                                                                                                                              Pages 167 to 264 contain the Financial Report.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Statement
                        Assurance
                        The Group's External Auditors are EY, and they have provided the following assurances:
                        •        The Remuneration Report on pages 119 to 161 and Financial Report on pages 167 to 264 have been audited. The assurance statement
                                 for the Financial Report and Remuneration Report is on pages 265 to 271.
                        •        Limited assurance over 26 key non-financial sustainability metrics and performance disclosures and a further six metrics relating to
                                 NAB's Reconciliation Action Plan as outlined in EY's limited assurance statement on pages 61 to 66.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Risk
                        •        Assurance over selected environmental measures disclosed across NAB's reporting suite. EY’s assurance statements are available on
                                 NAB's website at nab.com.au/about-us/social-impact/shareholders/performance-and-reporting.


                        Additional documents                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          management

                             Full Year Results                                           Full Year Results                                                        Climate Report                                         Pillar 3 Report                                        Sustainability
                             2024                                                        2024                                                                     2024                                                   as at 30 September 2024                                Data Pack 2024
                             Investor Presentation                                                                                                                                                                       Incorporating the requirements of APS 330
                             7 November 2024




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Report of
                             Andrew Irvine
                             Chief Executive Officer
                             Nathan Goonan
                             Chief Financial Officer




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      the Directors


                             National Australia Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937
                                                                                         National Australia Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Financial report
                                                                                                                                                                  National Australia Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937     National Australia Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                National Australia Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937




                        2024 Full Year Results                                         Management                                                              2024 Climate Report                                     2024 Pillar 3 Report                                   2024 Sustainability
                        Investor Presentation                                          Discussion                                                              Provides stakeholders                                   Describes the Group's                                  Data Pack
                        Information designed                                           and Analysis                                                            with information on                                     approach to risk                                       Provides further detail
                        for analysts and                                               Management                                                              NAB's climate action-                                   management and                                         on the Group's ESG
                        institutional investors                                        discussion and                                                          related activities and                                  provides details about                                 performance, in addition
                        which accompanies                                              analysis of the                                                         progress on its                                         risk exposures, capital                                to the material themes
                        the Group's Full Year                                          Group's results for                                                     climate strategy. The                                   adequacy and liquidity.                                covered in the Annual
                        Results Presentation.                                          the year ended                                                          report is guided by                                                                                            Report and the
                                                                                       30 September 2024.                                                      the recommendations                                                                                            Climate Report.
                                                                                                                                                               of the Financial

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Additional
                                                                                                                                                               Stability Board's Task
                                                                                                                                                               Force on Climate-
                                                                                                                                                               related Financial

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      information
                                                                                                                                                               Disclosures (TCFD).
                        2024 Reporting Suite (cont.)




                        Additional information
                        Certain definitions
                        The Group's financial year ends on 30 September. The financial year ended 30 September 2024 is referred to as 2024 and other
                        financial years are referred to in a corresponding manner. Reference in this document to the year ended September 2024
                        are references to the twelve months ended 30 September 2024. Other twelve month periods referred to in this document are
                        referred to in a corresponding manner. Reference in this document to the environmental reporting year are references to the
                        twelve months ended 30 June 2024.
                        The abbreviations $m and $bn represent millions and thousands of millions (i.e. billions) of Australian dollars respectively.
                        Key terms used in this report are contained in the Glossary.

                        Forward looking statements
                        This report contains statements that are, or may be deemed to be, forward looking statements. These forward looking
                        statements may be identified by the use of forward looking terminology, including the terms "ambition","believe", "estimate",
                        "plan", "project", "anticipate", "expect", "goal", “target”, "intend", “likely”, "may", "will", “could” or "should" or, in each case, their
                        negative or other variations or other similar expressions, or by discussions of strategy, plans, objectives, targets, goals, future
                        events or intentions. Indications of, and guidance on, future earnings and financial position and performance are also forward
                        looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward looking statements. Such forward looking
                        statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors,




For personal use only
                        many of which are beyond the control of the Group, which may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or
                        implied in such statements. There can be no assurance that actual outcomes will not differ materially from these statements.
                        There are a many factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in such statements, including
                        (without limitation) a significant change in the Group’s financial performance or operating environment; a material change to
                        law or regulation or changes to regulatory policy or interpretation; and risks and uncertainties associated with the ongoing
                        impacts of the Russia-Ukraine and Middle Eastern conflicts and other geopolitical tensions, the Australian and global economic
                        environment and capital market conditions. Further detail is contained on page 93 under Disclosure on risk factors.
                        Contents
                        Our business in 2024                             2    Financial report                                              167
                        2024 at a glance                                 5    Income statements                                             168

                        Chair's message                                  6    Statements of comprehensive income                            169        About

                        CEO's message                                    8    Balance sheets                                                 170    this report
                                                                              Statements of cash flows                                       171

                        Creating value                                   9    Statements of changes in equity                                173

                                                                              Notes to the financial statements                              175

                                                                                                                                                    Our business
                        Our business                                    10
                                                                              Consolidated entity disclosure statement                      262
                        Strategy                                        12

                                                                                                                                                       in 2024
                                                                              Directors' declaration                                        264
                        Evolving our Group Strategy                     15
                                                                              Report on the audit of the financial report                   265
                        Operating environment                           16

                        Creating value                                  18

                        Sustainability approach                         19    Additional information                                    272



                                                                                                                                                      Creating value




For personal use only
                        Customers                                       25

                        Colleagues                                      30    Glossary                                                  282
                        Climate change and environment                  38

                        Technology, data and security                   46

                        Respecting human rights                         50

                        Helping our communities prosper                 54
                                                                                                                                                    Corporate
                        Independent limited assurance statement         61
                                                                                                                                                   Governance
                                                                                                                                                    Statement
                        Corporate Governance Statement                 67
                        Corporate Governance Framework                  68

                        Board of Directors                              69

                        Executive Leadership Team                       74                                                                             Risk

                                                                                                                                                    management
                        Key Board activities                            77

                        Board composition, diversity and performance    79

                        Board committees                                84

                        Governance, conduct and culture                 86


                                                                                                                                                      Report of
                        Assurance and control                           89

                        Compliance with ASX corporate                   90

                                                                                                                                                    the Directors
                        governance recommendations



                        Risk management                                91




                                                                                                                                                      Financial report
                        Risk management overview                        92

                        Risk factors                                    93



                        Report of the Directors                        107
                        Operating and financial review                 108

                        Directors’ information                          117

                                                                                                                                                     Additional
                        Other matters                                   118


                                                                                                                                                    information
                        Remuneration Report                             119

                        Directors' signatures                          162

                        Auditor's independence declaration             163


                                                                                                                       2024 Annual Report      1
                This page has been intentionally left blank.




For personal use only
                                               Corporate
   About      Our business                                    Risk        Report of                         Additional
                             Creating value   Governance                                Financial report
this report     in 2024                                    management   the Directors                      information
                                               Statement
                     Our
                     business
                     in 2024
                             For personal use only
                This page has been intentionally left blank.




For personal use only
                        2024 at a glance
                                  glance
                              Key financial performance measures

                                                                                                                                                                                                           About

                                                                                                                                                                                                        this report
                        Statutory net profit                     Dividend determined per                    Common Equity Tier 1                      Cash return on equity(1)


                        $6.96bn                                                                                                                         11.6%
                                                                 share (for the full year)                  capital ratio(1)



                        6.1% decrease from 2023                  $1.69                                        12.35%                                  130 bp decrease
                                                                                                                                                      from 2023
                                                                 $0.02 higher than 2023                     13 bp increase from

                                                                                                                                                                                                        Our business
                                                                                                            2023
                        Cash earnings(1)

                                                                                                                                                                                                          in 2024
                        $7.10bn
                                                                                                                                                      Diluted Cash EPS (cents)(1)



                        8.1% decrease from 2023                                                                                                         227.0
                                                                                                                                                      4.6% decrease from 2023




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Creating value




For personal use only
                              Other key performance measures



                        Net Promoter Score (NPS)                 NPS - High Net Worth and                   NPS - Business(2)(6)                      NPS - Large Corporate


                                                                                                            8
                        - Mass consumer(2)(3)                    Mass Affluent(2)(5)                                                                  & Institutional(8)


                        -2
                        #3 among major
                                                                 2
                                                                #1 among major
                                                                                                            #2 among major
                                                                                                            Australian banks
                                                                                                                                                      44
                                                                                                                                                      Equal #1 among major
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Governance
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Statement
                        Australian banks                        Australian banks                                                                      Australian banks




                        First Nations                            Access to                                  Climate action                            Colleague


                                                                                                            $7.3bn
                        economic advancement                     affordable housing                                                                   engagement score(9)


                                                                                                                                                                                                           Risk
                        $463.8m $4.4bn                                                                                                                78
                                                                                                                                                                                                        management
                                                                                                            Towards $80bn by
                                                                                                                                                      1 point above top quartile
                        Towards $1bn in lending to               Cumulative towards $6bn                    2030 environmental
                                                                                                                                                      target score of 77
                        First Nations businesses and             in lending to affordable                   finance ambition(7)
                        community organisations by               and specialist housing by
                        end of 2026 (spot balance)(4)            2029



                                                                                                                                                                                                          Report of
                        (1) Full detail on how cash earnings is defined, a discussion of non-cash earnings items and a full reconciliation of statutory net profit attributable to owners of the


                                                                                                                                                                                                        the Directors
                            Company is set out in Note 2 Segment information of the Financial Report on page 178. Statutory return on equity and statutory earnings per share (EPS) are
                            presented on page 110.
                        (2) Net Promoter® and NPS® are registered trademarks of Bain & Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc., and Fred Reichheld. Net Promoter ScoreSM is a service mark of Bain &
                            Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc., and Fred Reichheld.
                        (3) Sourced from RFI Global – Atlas, measured on 6 month rolling average to September 2024. Based on all consumers, 18+ and excludes consumers with personal
                            income of $260k+ and/or investible assets $2.5m+ and/or footings of over $850k.
                        (4) Lending position refers to ‘Gross Loans and Advances’ to both direct Indigenous Businesses (with >50% Indigenous Ownership) and community organisations whose




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Financial report
                            purpose contributes to Indigenous communities. Lending calculated as at 31 August 2024, baseline position ($417.2m) calculated as at 31 August 2023 and has been
                            restated in 2024. Reference to 2026 is calendar year.
                        (5) Sourced from RFI Global – Atlas, measured on 6 month rolling average to September 2024. Based on all consumers, 18+, includes Mass Affluent customers ($850k to
                            $2.5M footings or $260k+ personal income with less than $850k in footings and less than $2.5m in investible assets) and High Net Worth customers ($2.5m+ in footings
                            or have investible assets of $2.5m+).
                        (6) Sourced from RFI Global – Atlas, measured on 6 month rolling average to September 2024. Business Strategic NPS is constructed based on 25:25:50 weighting of
                            underlying segments, allocated to Nano & Micro: Small: Medium & Large, respectively. Nano & Micro (Businesses with a turnover up to $1m or $1m-$5m with no
                            perceived banker), Small (Businesses with a turnover $1m-$5m with a perceived banker), Medium & Large (Businesses with a turnover between $5m and <$200m).
                        (7) Refer to the Environmental finance ambition in NAB’s 2024 Climate Report on page 63 for further details.
                        (8) Coalition Greenwich (formerly Peter Lee Associates) – Large Corporate and Institutional Relationship Banking Survey Australia 2024. Ranking against the four major
                            domestic banks. Coalition Greenwich is a division of Crisil.
                        (9) Employee Engagement Survey conducted using Glint, score based on July 2024 survey. Includes Australia, New Zealand and all global colleagues, population excludes


                                                                                                                                                                                                         Additional
                            ubank, external consultants and outsource service providers.




                                                                                                                                                                                                        information




                                                                                                                                                                           2024 Annual Report      5
                        Chair's message
                        A new chapter
                        NAB has continued to benefit from strong and stable
                        leadership focused on consistent and disciplined execution
                        of the bank’s strategy during the past four and a half years.
                        As a result, strength, stability and momentum are features of
                        NAB today.
                        These attributes allow us to support our customers and the
                        economy through cycles, including during periods of high
                        inflation and the impact of higher cost of living.
                        We are providing better banking experiences for our
                        customers and remain the Australian market leader in lending
                        to businesses.
                        In February, Ross McEwan announced his retirement from
                        NAB after a successful four and a half years as Chief
                        Executive Officer and Managing Director. Shareholders should
                        be very pleased with Ross’ leadership. NAB is now recognised
                        as a good bank that consistently does the basics well
                        for customers.                                                    (AGM) in December, having served almost nine years as a NAB




For personal use only
                        The Board appointed Andrew Irvine as our new CEO to build on      Director. Anne Loveridge will also retire from the NAB Board at
                        the work already underway and to address the opportunities        the conclusion of the AGM having served nine years.
                        and challenges of the future. It was pleasing to have managed     On behalf of all shareholders, I thank both Doug and Anne
                        an internal leadership succession, the process highlighting       for their significant and valued contributions. In line with
                        the depth of talent within NAB.                                   our Board renewal strategy, we were pleased to announce
                        Culture, governance and accountability continue to be core        the appointment of Warwick Hunt to the NAB Board, to be
                        to NAB. The Australian Prudential Regulation Authority removed    considered for election by NAB’s shareholders at our AGM.
                        our $500m Operational Risk capital add-on in March, stating it
                                                                                          Looking forward
                        was satisfied that NAB had adequately addressed the issues
                        raised in its risk governance self-assessment and completed       Maintaining a long-term view and adjusting accordingly
                        its related remediation program.                                  is critical for building sustainable value for shareholders,
                                                                                          customers and communities.
                        NAB continues to make progress on the implementation of our
                        Enforceable Undertaking with AUSTRAC and we are investing         Underlying growth in the Australian and major global
                        heavily to help keep Australia’s financial system safe.           economies underpins our optimism for the future
                                                                                          although the global geopolitical landscape remains
                        Financially secure bank                                           increasingly concerning.
                        Focused execution of strategy and a more stable operating         We recognise technology is a critical enabler and continue
                        environment in the second half benefitted NAB’s performance.      to modernise and invest in digital, data and analytics,
                        The Board has determined dividends for the year of 169 cents      and artificial intelligence to support our bankers and
                        per share, returning $5.2 billion in total to shareholders.       our customers.
                        We are taking a disciplined approach to reducing our share        Climate transition remains a societal issue of global
                        count to support shareholder returns and have continued           scale and complexity. NAB is supporting our customers
                        our on-market share buy-back, while maintaining our strong        to make investments to reduce emissions, to adapt and
                        capital position.                                                 build resilience.
                        Over the three years to September 2024, our total shareholder     During the year we set a further five 2030 decarbonisation
                        return was 51.1%, against an average return of 24.6% for NAB’s    targets across two emissions-intensive priority sectors: real
                        major bank peers.                                                 estate (with targets set for commercial (office and retail)
                        Executive and employee remuneration outcomes are                  and residential); and transport (with targets set for road
                        determined by the Board based on the bank’s performance           and shipping).
                        against the targets set by the Board at the start of the year.    Our progress is in line with the requirements of the Net
                        These targets are aligned with shareholder outcomes and           Zero Banking Alliance and our ambition to achieve net zero
                        include financial performance, market share growth, customer      across our financed emissions and operations by 2050. Our
                        outcomes and colleague engagement.                                work to support NAB’s agriculture customers to decarbonise
                        This year’s outcomes reflect continued strategic progress in      is ongoing, and transition planning for this critical industry
                        a difficult operating environment and the Board’s focus on        will be guided in part by Federal Government settings
                        maintaining responsible remuneration levels.                      and the availability of commercially viable and scalable
                                                                                          decarbonisation solutions.
                        Board renewal                                                     NAB’s continued support for indigenous communities is
                        The Board is focused on creating value for our shareholders       reflected in our 2024 -2027 Reconciliation Action Plan, as well
                        and customers. We have invested time in educating the             as our target to lend $1 billion to First Nations businesses by
                        Board on risks and opportunities for the bank including climate   the end of 2026.
                        transition, technology, and digital innovation.                   On behalf of the Board, thank you to NAB’s shareholders for
                        Doug McKay stood down from the Board of NAB’s New Zealand         your continued backing and your loyalty. I would also like to
                        subsidiary, Bank of New Zealand, in May after serving nine        recognise our team of more than 38,000 colleagues who serve
                        years as Chair and 11 years as a Director. He will retire from    our customers every day.
                        the NAB Board at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting


                        6    National Australia Bank
                        Chair's message (cont.)




                        NAB is in good shape with good momentum and there is
                        more we want to do to fulfil the ambition we hold for
                        this organisation.
                                                                                                             About

                                                                                                          this report
                         Philip Chronican,
                         Chair




                                                                                                          Our business

                                                                                                            in 2024




                                                                                                            Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                                          Corporate
                                                                                                         Governance
                                                                                                          Statement




                                                                                                             Risk

                                                                                                          management




                                                                                                            Report of

                                                                                                          the Directors




                                                                                                            Financial report




                                                                                                           Additional

                                                                                                          information




                                                                                2024 Annual Report   7
                        CEO's message
                        This year I was honoured to be appointed NAB Group CEO and
                        continue our legacy of supporting customers for more than
                        160 years. Since starting in April, much of my time has been
                        spent listening to customers and colleagues.
                        It has been a privilege to hear their views on what is working
                        and where we can do better.

                        Leadership and strategy evolution
                        Our strategy during the past four and a half years has served
                        us well. We are building on this progress to ensure we have a
                        customer obsessed culture and become a simpler bank that is
                        faster and safer. Our renewed executive leadership team was
                        appointed from within, comprising diverse bankers, who have a
                        track record of helping customers.
                        While operating in a challenging environment, we continue
                        to deliver a sound financial performance across each of our
                        divisions. We are making deliberate decisions about where
                        to invest to achieve the best outcomes for customers and
                        the bank. The strength of our relationships is reflected in        Through NAB and the NAB Foundation we support regional




For personal use only
                        the consistent growth of our leading business bank. Small          and rural Australia including initiatives such as NAB Ready
                        businesses are the heartbeat of the Australian economy and         Together. We have continued to invest to support Australians
                        when they succeed, we all do.                                      to withstand and recover from natural disasters. We recognise
                                                                                           the importance of being there for customers when they need
                        The economy and an optimistic outlook                              us most. When they’re threatened by natural disasters, we
                        Despite headwinds, Australia’s economy is in reasonable            will respond.
                        shape and we are optimistic about the longer-term outlook          We are working closely with customers and the community
                        for Australia.                                                     on the transition to net zero and have an environmental
                        We have a resilient job market and favourable business             finance ambition to lend $80 billion by 2030. There needs to
                        conditions, positioning us well compared with global peer          be an orderly transition to net zero that balances the social,
                        economies. Restrictive interest rates are working to bring         economic and environmental requirements. We look forward
                        inflation into the Reserve Bank’s target range, and we are         to playing our role.
                        confident we will see rates decrease in the coming year. In the    We are supporting First Nations businesses and have made
                        meantime, we know some customers are finding the higher            good progress on our target to lend $1 billion by the end of
                        cost of living challenging and we are here to help.                2026. By working with First Nations people, we are supporting
                                                                                           financial resilience, increasing business and employment
                        Supporting our customers                                           opportunities, and removing the barriers that traditionally
                        As Australia’s biggest business bank, we are making it easier      made it more difficult to access financial services.
                        for our small business customers to bank with us, and we are
                        better understanding their needs. We want to be the voice          Looking ahead
                        for small and medium businesses, to continue to advocate           Thank you to our shareholders for your continued support, to
                        for them and find solutions that help them grow and be             our customers for choosing to bank with NAB, and to the NAB
                        more productive.                                                   team for helping our customers.
                        We are also working relentlessly to protect our customers          We have made significant progress and have the right
                        and our bank from criminals. In the past year, customers           foundations in place. Working together we can fulfil our
                        abandoned more than $170 million in potential scam payments        ambition of delivering exceptional experiences for our
                        and customer losses from scams fell 20% compared to                customers. I am excited about the future and what we
                        2023. In the year ahead our teams will continue to                 can achieve.
                        work with government and other businesses, including
                        telecommunications, social and digital media companies, to
                        stop more scams.

                        Investing in the future and our communities
                        Housing availability in Australia remains an enormous societal      Andrew Irvine,
                        and policy challenge, and opportunity. While NAB has made           Group Chief Executive Officer
                        good progress on our plan to deliver $6 billion of support to
                        more affordable and specialist housing by 2029, scalability is
                        crucial to success. Greater innovation in both the housing
                        types and methods of construction is key to help tackle
                        this crisis.
                        Similar to many other industries, banking has seen a significant
                        transformation driven by rapid technological advancement
                        and changing customer behaviour. Today, more than 93% of
                        our customer interactions occur digitally. This shift means we
                        are investing in our banking footprint in new ways to meet
                        customer demand, with more than $41 million spent across 28
                        locations, including 11 regional towns this year.


                        8    National Australia Bank
                                                                                   About

                                                                                this report




                                                                                Our business

                                                                                   in 2024


              Creating
                                                                                  Creating value




For personal use only
              value

                                                                                Corporate
                                                                               Governance
                                                                                Statement



                        This section outlines how NAB seeks to create
                                                                                   Risk
                        value through our strategy, summarises NAB’s
                        sustainability approach and provides an update
                                                                                management
                        on performance across key themes.
                        •   Our business (page 10 to 11)
                        •   Strategy (page 12 to 14)
                        •   Evolving our Group Strategy (page 15)
                                                                                  Report of
                        •   Operating environment (pages 16 to 17)
                            Creating value (page 18)
                                                                                the Directors
                        •
                        •   Sustainability approach (pages 19 to 24)
                        •   Customers (pages 25 to 29)
                        •   Colleagues (pages 30 to 37)
                        •   Climate change and environment (pages 38 to 45)


                                                                                  Financial report
                        •   Technology, data and security (pages 46 to 49)
                        •   Respecting human rights (pages 50 to 53)
                        •   Helping our communities prosper (pages 54 to 60)
                        •   Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) risk
                            management (pages 57 to 60)

                        NAB provides supplementary sustainability-related
                        disclosures in its 2024 Climate Report and 2024          Additional

                                                                                information
                        Sustainability Data Pack, available at:
                        nab.com.au/annualreports
                        Our business
                        We are here to serve customers well and help                                            Corporate and Institutional Banking
                        our communities prosper. More than 38,000(1)
                                                                                                                Disciplined growth
                        colleagues provide about 10 million customers
                        with secure, easy and reliable banking services.                                        Corporate and Institutional Banking partners with clients
                                                                                                                globally to meet their most complex financial needs by
                                                                                                                providing a range of customised products and services, with
                        NAB has three major customer-facing business units in
                                                                                                                offices in Australia, North America, Europe and Asia.
                        Australia - Business and Private Banking, Personal Banking,
                        Corporate and Institutional Banking - supported by six enabling                         We have maintained a disciplined approach to growth,
                        units (Technology and Enterprise Operations, Finance, Risk,                             supported by strong customer advocacy, combined with an
                        Legal and Commercial Services(2), People and Culture and                                emphasis on simplification and leveraging our transactional
                        Digital, Data and the Chief Operating Office). ubank is NAB's                           banking capability. Our customers have complex transaction
                        digitally focused bank and operates as a customer-facing unit                           banking needs and NAB serves them well, maintaining a
                        under the leadership of the Digital, Data and Chief Operating                           market-leading position in cash and liquidity management,
                        Office. Bank of New Zealand (BNZ) is our New Zealand banking                            ranked first in the Relationship Strength Index rating for
                        business that serves Personal, Business, Agri and Private                               Transaction Banking. NAB is also ranked first for Relationship
                        Wealth customers.                                                                       Strength Index ratings for Debt Capital Markets and Foreign
                                                                                                                Exchange (Corporates)(5), and is ranked first for ease of doing
                        Business and Private Banking                                                            business(5). Our clients are supported by well-rated research.
                                                                                                                We assist Corporate and Institutional customers to achieve




For personal use only
                        Clear market leadership                                                                 their sustainability objectives by providing solutions including
                        Business and Private Banking backs Australian businesses                                a wide range of sustainable finance, which has grown to
                        and the individuals who own them. From start-ups and small                              more than $12 billion, and investment options and markets
                        businesses to established medium and large enterprises,                                 solutions such as carbon trading and ESG derivatives. We have
                        we have supported our customers growth through a                                        financed renewable energy projects for more than 20 years
                        relationship-led approach, increasingly enabled by digital,                             and in the year ended 30 September 2024, NAB was recognised
                        data and analytics.                                                                     as Australia’s leading bank for project finance to the global
                        We are the largest lender to businesses in Australia(3)                                 renewable energy sector(6).
                        and support customers across all business and private
                        banking needs, from transaction banking and payments, to                                Bank of New Zealand (BNZ)
                        combined mortgage and business lending and succession
                                                                                                                Personal and SME
                        planning solutions.
                                                                                                                BNZ serves approximately 1.4 million customers across New
                        We provide specialised expertise to service the financial
                                                                                                                Zealand with personal and business banking services, through
                        needs of customers across a range of sectors including:
                                                                                                                a nationwide network of customer centres, digital and
                        agribusiness, health, professional services, franchise,
                                                                                                                assisted channels.
                        government, education and community service, Indigenous
                        business and commercial real estate, along with integrated                              BNZ is New Zealand’s largest business bank, one of the largest
                        and tailored banking solutions for Private Wealth customers.                            providers of agricultural financing and has grown market share
                                                                                                                in total deposits and key lending segments in personal and
                        In the 12 months to September 2024, Business and Private
                                                                                                                business banking.
                        Banking grew customer deposits by $14.5 billion and business
                        lending by $11.7 billion.                                                               In 2024, BNZ has seen improvements in strategic NPS scores
                                                                                                                for key segments - Consumer and Small and Medium-sized
                        Personal Banking                                                                        Enterprises (SME). BNZ is increasing its physical presence for
                                                                                                                customers in response to growing demand for more face-to-
                        Simple and digital                                                                      face interactions, with all branches across New Zealand to be
                        Personal Banking helps our customers manage their personal                              open for at least five days per week by April 2025. Additionally,
                        finances and transacting needs through debit and credit                                 BNZ increased financial assistance for New Zealanders and
                        cards, savings accounts, and personal and home loans. We                                businesses to help them deal with economic uncertainty as
                        support everyday banking and lending needs of customers                                 well as recent severe weather events.
                        across the mobile app, internet banking, branches, and
                        telephone banking channels(4).
                        Personal Banking is providing simpler, more digital banking
                        experiences to drive quicker, better outcomes for customers
                        and colleagues. We prioritise customers by supporting those
                        in financial difficulty (e.g., financial hardship) and helping to
                        combat the increasing incidences of frauds and scams.
                        In the year ended 30 September 2024, Personal Banking
                        grew customer deposits by $12.7 billion and home lending by
                        $3.5 billion.

                         (1) Number of full-time equivalent colleagues as at 30 September 2024, excluding discontinued operations.
                         (2) Effective 1 October 2024, Legal and Commercial Services was renamed to Customer and Corporate Services.
                         (3) Market share of APRA Business Lending (excluding Financial Institutions, Government, and Community) at September 2024.
                         (4) Personal Banking includes the customers migrated from Citi consumer business (acquired in 2022).
                         (5) Coalition Greenwich (formerly Peter Lee Associates) 2024 surveys. Transaction Banking (ranking against all banks), Debt Capital Markets (ranking against the four major
                             domestic banks), Foreign Exchange, Corporate Respondents (ranking against all banks), Large Corporate and Institutional Relationship Banking (ranking against all
                             banks). Coalition Greenwich is a division of Crisil. Relationship Strength Index (RSI) is based on the results of key qualitative measures.
                         (6) Rankings based on IJGlobal League Table MLA, Renewables, both cumulative data from 1 January 2010 to 30 September 2024 and for the 12 months ending
                             30 September 2024.


                        10   National Australia Bank
                        Our business (cont.)




                        ubank
                        Customer acquisition
                        ubank is Australia’s first, homegrown, digital bank and has                                  About
                        been helping everyday Australians get the most out of their
                        banking since it was established in 2008.                                                 this report
                        In 2021, ubank acquired 86 400 to leverage its smart banking
                        platform, provide customers with better technology and
                        deliver an award-winning range of products across everyday
                        banking and home lending.


                                                                                                                  Our business
                        ubank has more than 850,000 customers and has acquired
                        more than 100,000 customers in the 12 months to September


                                                                                                                     in 2024
                        2024 (a 15% growth in total customers over that period).




                                                                                                                    Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                                                  Corporate
                                                                                                                 Governance
                                                                                                                  Statement




                                                                                                                     Risk

                                                                                                                  management




                                                                                                                    Report of

                                                                                                                  the Directors




                                                                                                                    Financial report




                                                                                                                   Additional

                                                                                                                  information




                                                                                       2024 Annual Report   11
                        Strategy
                        Strategic Ambition 2020-2024
                        To serve customers well and help our communities prosper.
                        Our Group Strategy, in place since April 2020, has served us well over the last four and a half years. Despite significant shifts in
                        our operating environment during this period, we have maintained a clear focus on delivering better outcomes for our customers
                        and colleagues while keeping our bank safe. This has been supported by disciplined execution and persistent investment.
                        We served our customers well by delivering on the individual strategies of our customer-facing units: clear market leadership in
                        Business and Private Banking; simple and digital experiences in Personal Banking; disciplined growth in Corporate and Institutional
                        Banking; personal and SME growth in BNZ, and customer acquisition in ubank.
                        For the year ended 30 September 2024, NAB delivered sound financial performance in a challenging operating environment.
                        Diluted cash earnings(1) per share was 227.0 cents, and cash return on equity of 11.6%. The Group’s dividend payout for the year will
                        be 169 cents per share.
                        Execution priorities outlined for 2024 have progressed, with delivery of the Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre
                        (AUSTRAC) Enforceable Undertaking (EU) commitments on track, progress made in completing the integration of the Citi
                        consumer business, and ongoing modernisation and simplification of our technology assets.




For personal use only   Customers and colleagues
                        NAB’s goal has been to be ranked first in Net Promoter Score (NPS) among the major Australian banks, with NPS in positive
                        territory. We achieved our goal for some customer segments, however, there is still work to be done to sustainably improve
                        customer advocacy. As at 30 September 2024, NAB was:
                        •    Consumer: Ranked third in NPS among the major Australian banks(2)(3).
                        •    Corporate & Institutional: Ranked equal first in NPS among the major Australian banks(4).
                        •    Business: Ranked second in NPS among the major Australian banks(5).
                        •    High Net Worth and Mass Affluent: Ranked first in NPS among the major Australian banks(6).
                        •    ubank: Ranked second in NPS of its competitor set(7)(8).



                            (1) Full detail on how cash earnings is defined, a discussion of non-cash earnings items and a full reconciliation of statutory net profit attributable to owners of the
                                Company is set out in Note 2 Segment information of the Financial Report on page 178. Statutory return on equity and statutory earnings per share (EPS) are presented
                                on page 110.
                            (2) Net Promoter® and NPS® are registered trademarks of Bain & Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc., and Fred Reichheld. Net Promoter ScoreSM is a service mark of Bain &
                                Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc., and Fred Reichheld.
                            (3) Sourced from RFI Global – Atlas, measured on 6 month rolling average to September 2024. Based on all consumers, 18+ and excludes consumers with personal income of
                                $260k+ and/or investible assets $2.5m+ and/or footings of over $850k. Ranking based on absolute scores, not statistically significant differences.
                            (4) Coalition Greenwich (formerly Peter Lee Associates) – Large Corporate and Institutional Relationship Banking Survey Australia 2024. Ranking against the four major
                                domestic banks. Coalition Greenwich is a division of Crisil.
                            (5) Sourced from RFI Global – Atlas, measured on 6 month rolling average to September 2024. Business Strategic NPS is constructed based on 25:25:50 weighting of
                                underlying segments, allocated to Nano & Micro: Small: Medium & Large, respectively. Nano & Micro (Businesses with a turnover up to $1m or $1m-$5m with no perceived
                                banker), Small (Businesses with a turnover $1m-$5m with a perceived banker), Medium & Large (Businesses with a turnover between $5m and <$200m). Ranking based on
                                absolute scores, not statistically significant differences.
                            (6) Sourced from RFI Global – Atlas, measured on 6 month rolling average to September 2024. Based on all consumers, 18+, includes Mass Affluent customers ($850k to $2.5M
                                footings or $260k+ personal income with less than $850k in footings and less than $2.5m in investible assets) and High Net Worth customers ($2.5m+ in footings or have
                                investible assets of $2.5m+).
                            (7) Sourced from RFI Global – Atlas, measured on 6 month rolling average to September 2024. Includes consumers 18+
                            (8) Rank based on position within competitor set (ubank, Up, Bendigo Bank, ING, ME Bank, Macquarie Bank)


                        12      National Australia Bank
                        Strategy (cont.)




                        Our colleague engagement remains in the top quartile of global organisations, scoring 78 in the July 2024 survey(1) , reflecting a
                        workforce that is proud to work at NAB and deliver excellence for customers (refer to page 32 for further information).
                        Relationship-led                                                                       Easy
                                                                                                                                                                                                           About
                        Relationships are our strength.                                                        Simple to deal with.
                        NAB invests in its exceptional bankers and in tools to help                            NAB aims to provide simple products and seamless                                         this report
                        them better serve our customers.                                                       experiences for our customers.
                        Our Corporate and Institutional bankers were rated best in                             Payments have been a key priority for NAB. In 2024, we
                        Australia for relationship manager capability(2). We invested                          rolled out several innovative solutions to improve card
                        in their further development by facilitating training to build                         and payments experiences for both business, and Personal

                                                                                                                                                                                                        Our business
                        capabilities in areas such as climate, as we strive to provide                         Banking customers.
                        exceptional support to our customers across the world.                                 Portal Pay has been introduced for real estate agents and

                                                                                                                                                                                                           in 2024
                        We aim to provide unrivalled customer value through insights,                          their clients to better manage deposit-taking for property
                        data and analytics to help our customers improve how                                   sales and simplify rental payments for tenants and make it
                        they run their businesses and better understand their                                  easier for agents to reconcile.
                        spending habits.                                                                       NAB Liquidity+ has been launched to assist corporate
                        For our SME customers, our team of more than 6,000                                     customers to bring together their critical banking data, to
                        customer-facing roles continues to deepen relationships with                           provide them with comprehensive, real-time visibility of their




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Creating value




For personal use only
                        our business customers. NAB Bookkeeper has helped them                                 cash positions as well as deliver dynamic cash insights and
                        streamline financial management through automation and                                 precision forecasting.
                        provided insights to support better decision making.                                   In an Australia first, NAB launched a new, virtual corporate
                        For Personal Banking customers of NAB and ubank, features                              credit card to help businesses streamline, modernise and
                        such as pay and bills cycle trackers were introduced in                                simplify their expenses.
                        2024. These provide customers with greater insight into their                          For Personal Banking customers, shopping on the go became
                        spending and savings habits, allowing them to plan their                               easier this year. A digital debit or credit card can be used
                        spending and work towards their savings goals.                                         within hours of account approval, with the ability to view the
                        We believe truly personalised experiences underpin strong                              full credentials in the NAB Mobile app.                                                  Corporate
                        relationships with our customers, and our data and analytics
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Governance
                                                                                                               We remain determined to be fast and decisive and to
                        capabilities are fundamental to our ability to support                                 provide better experiences and services to our customers,
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Statement
                        customers in this way.                                                                 through investment in the simplification of products and
                        In 2024, improvements to NAB’s machine-learning data                                   origination pathways.
                        manager, the Customer Brain, enabled Personal and Business                             BNZ’s digital onboarding was expanded to include companies,
                        bankers to enhance their personalised interactions with                                trusts and sole traders, which streamlined the process and
                        customers, while Corporate and Institutional Banking launched                          reduced average onboarding times(3).

                                                                                                                                                                                                           Risk
                        a new customer relationship management system to support
                        its bankers with their customer interactions.                                          In 2024, the Group continued to invest in building Australia's
                                                                                                               leading home lending experience, which resulted in a material

                                                                                                                                                                                                        management
                                                                                                               reduction in manual time spent on applications, as well as an
                                                                                                               increase in simple home loans unconditionally approved within
                                                                                                               a day(4).




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Report of

                                                                                                                                                                                                        the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Financial report




                         (1) Employee Engagement Survey conducted using Glint, score based on July 2024 survey. Includes Australia, New Zealand and all global colleagues, population excludes           Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                        information
                             ubank, external consultants and outsource service providers.
                         (2) Coalition Greenwich (formerly Peter Lee Associates) – Large Corporate and Institutional Relationship Banking Survey Australia 2024. Ranking against the four major
                             domestic banks. Coalition Greenwich is a division of Crisil.
                         (3) Average time to onboard including customer wait time.
                         (4) Measured as the time taken from application first auto-decision to unconditional approval.


                                                                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report          13
                        Strategy (cont.)




                        Safe                                                                                Long-term

                        Responsible & secure business.                                                      A sustainable approach.
                        The Group has a strong balance sheet and remains well                               NAB’s long term and sustainable approach supports the
                        capitalised. The Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio                          interests of customers, colleagues and communities by
                        is 12.35% on an APRA basis, with a capital surplus to the                           acting to tackle societal challenges, while maintaining
                        Group’s CET1 target range of 11.00-11.50%. On 2 May 2024, the                       sustainable business practices (refer to page 19 for NAB's
                        Group announced it had increased its on-market buy-back of                          Sustainability Approach).
                        ordinary shares by $1.5 billion, resulting in a total combined                      NAB is supporting customers in three priority areas; climate,
                        size of up to $3 billion. NAB has bought back and cancelled                         (refer to page 38 and NAB's 2024 Climate Report), affordable
                        $2.1 billion of ordinary shares in the September 2024 financial                     and specialist housing (refer to page 29) and Indigenous
                        year including $1.1 billion (0.25% of CET1 capital) in the half year                economic advancement (refer to page 27).
                        ended September 2024. The remaining $0.6 billion is expected
                        to be completed by 1 May 2025.                                                      Resilient and sustainable business practices remain core
                                                                                                            to NAB. Key focus areas within our sustainable business
                        The Group maintains a strong funding and liquidity position,                        practices include colleagues and culture, inclusive banking,
                        with a September 2024 quarterly average Liquidity Coverage                          ESG risk management, supply chain management, and human
                        Ratio (LCR) of 137% and 30 September 2024 Net Stable Funding                        rights. Information on how these areas are managed is
                        Ratio (NSFR) of 117%. This is supported by $37.5 billion(1) of                      outlined in ESG materiality assessment on page 23. Our
                        term wholesale funding issuance during 2024 as the Additional                       2024 Sustainability Data Pack(4) contains further detail on




For personal use only
                        and Supplementary Allowance of the Term Funding Facility                            performance in these areas.
                        (TFF) matured.
                                                                                                            We consistently invest in our innovation capabilities to ensure
                        NAB is proactively managing risk and investing in secure,                           we develop long-term solutions for our customers, colleagues
                        simplified and resilient technology to safeguard the bank.                          and communities.
                        We had the highest ‘up-time’ of the Australian major                                In 2024, NAB commenced enabling Generative artificial
                        banks in the 12 months to June 2024, reducing customer                              intelligence (AI) solutions to improve colleague productivity
                        impacts from outages(2). We seek to protect customers by                            and support bankers.
                        actively combatting the increasing number of fraud and
                        scam attempts. Our payment alerts - which target invoice,                           We have enhanced payments options for customers of
                        investment, romance, and goods and services scams - helped                          fintech lender Plenti (a NAB strategic partner for secured
                        reduce the value of customer losses from scam events                                auto / electric vehicle and renewables lending), integrating
                        by 20%(3).                                                                          a new account-to-account payment solution, Pay by Bank -
                                                                                                            powered by Banked (a NAB Ventures investment), in Plenti's
                                                                                                            online lending platform. NAB's innovation work also led to the
                                                                                                            launch of ConnectID in collaboration with Australia Payments
                                                                                                            Plus to provide all Australian Personal Banking customers with
                                                                                                            a safe, secure and trusted identity verification service.
                                                                                                            As a part of our strategy and ongoing work to understand how
                                                                                                            to best support customer needs in the climate transition, NAB
                                                                                                            has invested in the development of a digital decarbonisation
                                                                                                            platform focused on assisting SME and corporate customers
                                                                                                            to accelerate their decarbonisation journey.




                         (1) Excludes AT1 capital.
                         (2) Average of Q3 2023 to Q2 2024 RBA Retail Payments Service Reliability statistics.
                         (3) Value of customer scam loss events (pre-recovery) in the 12 months to September 2024 vs 12 months to September 2023.
                         (4) Available at nab.com.au/annualreports.


                        14   National Australia Bank
                        Evolving our Group Strategy
                        NAB's evolved Group strategic ambition
                        To be the most customer-centric company in Australia and New Zealand
                        The Group’s strategic ambition served us well over the last four and a half years. While continuity of this strategy remains                About
                        important, we have identified opportunities where we can lift our ambition in delivering exceptional experiences for customers,
                        simplify our business, and increase our speed of delivery. NAB’s disciplined approach to accountability and execution will               this report
                        remain unchanged.
                        Going forward, our evolved strategic ambition retains key elements of the existing strategy and places customer centricity at
                        the core. Our strategic ambition is to be the most customer-centric company in Australia and New Zealand, where customers
                        trust us and choose us to be their bank, and where colleagues are customer-obsessed and proud to work at NAB.


                                                                                                                                                                 Our business
                        This evolved ambition elevates existing components of the strategy, with a deep focus on:
                        •   Relationship led with exceptional bankers providing unrivalled customer service and personalised and proactive experiences.

                                                                                                                                                                    in 2024
                        •   Exceptional experiences where NAB is brilliant at the basics; trusted in moments that matter; and is simple, fast, and easy to
                            deal with.
                        •   Safe and sustainable with a strong balance sheet and proactive risk management; secure, simple and resilient technology;
                            and a long term and sustainable approach.




                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                Governance
                                                                                                                                                                 Statement




                                                                                                                                                                    Risk

                                                                                                                                                                 management




                                                                                                                                                                   Report of

                                                                                                                                                                 the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                  Additional

                                                                                                                                                                 information




                                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report   15
                        Operating environment
                        Global business environment                                        quarter and the September 2023 quarter, then increased by
                                                                                           1.8% to June 2024 quarter. Income tax cuts from 1 July 2024 will
                        The near-term outlook for global economic growth is relatively
                                                                                           provide further support, as will government energy subsidies.
                        subdued. Growth slowed in calendar year 2023 and is expected
                                                                                           Business operating profits fell 4.3% between the June 2023
                        to be slightly softer again in calendar years 2024 and 2025,
                                                                                           quarter and the June 2024 quarter, but excluding mining sector
                        before a modest upturn in 2026. Should this eventuate, it
                                                                                           profits (down 12.3%), they were little changed over this period.
                        would be the first four-year period in over three decades
                        where growth, in each year, is below its post 1980 average.        Agriculture conditions have been mixed. Between September
                                                                                           2023 and September 2024 overall prices for agricultural
                        This expectation of relatively weak growth in part reflects the
                                                                                           commodities (weighted by production) increased, partly
                        impact of restrictive monetary policy in most major advanced
                                                                                           reversing the previous year's large fall. While there was a large
                        economies along with weak domestic demand in China. While
                                                                                           fall in the winter crop production in 2023-2024, back to around
                        several major central banks have commenced their policy rate
                                                                                           its 10-year average, a larger crop is expected in 2024-2025.
                        easing cycle, the level of interest rates remains restrictive
                        and there is a lag between changes in monetary policy              The unemployment rate has risen but other indicators point to
                        and its full impact on the economy. Moreover, International        a still healthy labour market:
                        Monetary Fund projections suggest that government fiscal           •   The unemployment rate was 4.1% in September 2024,
                        consolidation is likely to be a brake on advanced economy              up from 3.6% in September 2023, but is still low by
                        growth in coming years.                                                historical standards.
                        A range of factors present uncertainty around the outlook.         •   Employment growth has remained strong, and job




For personal use only
                        Policy rate cuts will depend on central bank confidence                vacancies, while down from their peak, remain high.
                        around inflation and the resilience of labour markets. Progress
                                                                                           Dwelling prices have increased, with the eight capital cities
                        in reducing inflation in major advanced economies has slowed
                                                                                           CoreLogic Hedonic Home Value Index rising 6.6% between
                        in 2024 and has been uneven.
                                                                                           September 2023 and September 2024. This included rapid
                        Similarly, trade policies, particularly with respect to China,     growth in Perth, Brisbane, and Adelaide, modest growth in
                        present some downside risk. A growing number of countries          Sydney while prices fell slightly in Melbourne and Hobart.
                        have announced tariffs in response to the surge in Chinese
                                                                                           The RBA has kept the cash rate unchanged at 4.35% since its
                        exports since the middle of calendar year 2023.
                                                                                           November 2023 meeting. If the economy evolves as expected,
                        Geopolitical risks remain, with conflicts in Europe and the        including a further cooling in inflation, then the RBA may be in a
                        Middle East, and tensions between China-Taiwan and over            position to cut rates in the first half of calendar year 2025.
                        the South-China Sea, continuing with the potential of further
                                                                                           Economic growth is expected to start improving towards the
                        escalation which could disrupt trade and economic activity.
                                                                                           end of calendar year 2024, and is expected to be around its
                                                                                           trend level over calendar years 2025 and 2026. The growth
                        Australian economy
                                                                                           outlook in part reflects the fading headwinds to household
                        The Australian economy has continued to expand, but only           finances and the expected reduction in interest rates.
                        slowly, inflation has moderated and the labour market remains
                                                                                           Annual system credit growth has strengthened. Between
                        healthy, even though it has cooled.
                                                                                           September 2023 and September 2024 it grew by 5.8%,
                        Gross Domestic Product (GDP) grew by 1.0% between the June         compared to 4.9% over the previous year. All the main
                        2023 quarter and the June 2024 quarter. This is the slowest        categories saw higher growth:
                        annual growth rate since the early 1990s, excluding the
                                                                                           •   Housing credit grew by 5.1% (4.2% the previous year),
                        initial period of COVID-19 related lockdowns. By expenditure
                                                                                               business credit by 7.5% (6.6% the previous year) and other
                        component, between the June 2023 quarter and the June
                                                                                               personal credit by 2.4% (2.0% the previous year).
                        2024 quarter:
                        •    Household sector demand growth was soft, with                 New Zealand economy
                             consumption growing 0.5%, while private residential
                                                                                           Conditions in the New Zealand economy have deteriorated
                             investment fell 3.0%.
                                                                                           over recent quarters. GDP has contracted, unemployment has
                        •    Business fixed capital investment grew by 1.6%, with the      increased and house prices have been under pressure.
                             level of non-mining investment high over this period.
                                                                                           GDP fell by 0.5% between the June 2023 quarter and
                        •    Travel credits (exports) grew by 12.4%, due to the recovery   the June 2024 quarter, including declines in business and
                             in tourism and international students, to be close to its     dwelling investment as well as weak household consumption
                             pre-COVID-19 level.                                           growth, which was below the rate of population growth. A
                        •    Government consumption and investment remained a key          majority of industries experienced a decline, including mining,
                             support, growing by 3.7%.                                     manufacturing, construction, wholesale trade, retail trade &
                        Growth was mixed by industry. While most industries saw an         accommodation, transport & warehousing, and professional,
                        increase in gross value added between June 2023 quarter and        scientific, technical, administrative & support services.
                        the June 2024 quarter, it fell in agriculture, mining, wholesale   The labour market has weakened, and finding labour has
                        trade, hospitality and administrative & supportive services. In    become easier.
                        contrast, state final demand rose in all states and territories,   •   Employment fell 0.4% between the September 2023 quarter
                        although for NSW growth was very modest (0.2%).                        and the September 2024 quarter. The unemployment rate
                        Inflation has declined further. In the September 2024 quarter,         was 4.8% in the September 2024 quarter, up from 3.9% a
                        the annual growth rate in the Consumer Price Index (CPI) was           year earlier.
                        2.8%, down from 5.4% in the September 2023 quarter. Trimmed        •   Businesses report that the ease of finding labour, in the
                        mean inflation, an underlying inflation measure, was higher            September 2024 quarter, was at its highest level in 15 years.
                        at 3.5%.
                                                                                           Inflation has continued to fall and now sits within the Reserve
                        Pressure on household budgets is easing. Real household            Bank of New Zealand's (RBNZ) inflation target range of 1% to 3%.
                        disposable income declined by 5.4% between the March 2022


                        16     National Australia Bank
                        Operating environment (cont.)




                        In the September quarter 2024 annual CPI inflation was 2.2%,
                        down from 5.6% in the September 2023 quarter.


                                                                                                                         About
                        Commodity export prices, in New Zealand dollar terms, rose
                        10.0% between September 2023 and September 2024, including

                                                                                                                      this report
                        a 15.6% rise in dairy export prices. Prices are elevated by
                        historical standards, only a little below their peak in 2022.
                        Housing market indicators have been mixed. While sales
                        volumes increased in 2024, they were still relatively low.
                        The REINZ House Price Index in September 2024 was 0.4%
                        below its September 2023 level, but prices have stabilised in

                                                                                                                      Our business
                        recent months.
                        System credit growth remained modest, rising by 2.8% between


                                                                                                                         in 2024
                        September 2023 and September 2024, only slightly higher than
                        over the previous year. This included, over the same period,
                        growth of 3.3% in housing credit, 2.0% for non-agricultural
                        business credit and 1.6% for agriculture credit.
                        The RBNZ kept the Official Cash Rate (OCR) at 5.50% from May
                        2023 until August 2024 when it was lowered to 5.25%, with a




                                                                                                                        Creating value




For personal use only
                        further reduction in October to 4.75%. The RBNZ is expected to
                        further reduce the OCR through to end calendar year 2025.
                        The easing in monetary policy will, over time, assist the
                        economy. While GDP likely declined further in the September
                        quarter 2024, growth is then expected to resume and then
                        strengthen in 2025. As the labour market typically lags
                        economic activity, the unemployment rate is likely to rise
                        further in 2025.

                        Outlook                                                                                       Corporate
                        The outlook for the Group’s financial performance and                                        Governance
                                                                                                                      Statement
                        outcomes is closely linked to the levels of economic activity in
                        each of the Group’s key markets that are outlined above.




                                                                                                                         Risk

                                                                                                                      management




                                                                                                                        Report of

                                                                                                                      the Directors




                                                                                                                        Financial report




                                                                                                                       Additional

                                                                                                                      information




                                                                                           2024 Annual Report   17
                        Creating value
                        NAB creates value for customers, colleagues and communities in a variety of ways through a variety
                        of resources.

                                                                                                NAB's key resources
                         Customer relationships                                   Colleagues                                                Finance
                         Customers choose NAB because we serve                    Trusted professionals who are proud to                    Access to capital through deposits and
                         them well                                                be a part of NAB                                          funding markets

                         Risk management and balance sheet                        Technology and data capabilities                          Community relationships
                         Strong foundations, and risk                             Safe, resilient technology coupled with                   Partnerships and
                         management capabilities                                  the use of ethical data                                   stakeholder engagement




                                                                                             NAB's business activities
                         NAB delivers its strategy (page 12) and creates value for stakeholders through the following business activities:
                         •   Holding deposits for customers.                                               •   Helping customers invest through online brokerage.




For personal use only
                         •   Providing transaction banking services.                                       •   Providing advisory services.
                         •   Lending money to retail, business and                                         •   Investing in a capable, qualified and inclusive workforce.
                             institutional customers.                                                      •   Helping NAB's customers, colleagues and their communities
                         •   Helping customers mitigate and manage risk.                                       withstand and recover from natural disasters.
                         •   Providing financing to support sustainability priority
                             areas; climate action, affordable housing and First
                             Nations business.
                         •   Providing payments services and supporting customers with
                             trade and capital flows.




                                                                                              The value NAB creates
                         Supporting customers in 2024
                         •   $88 billion in new home lending.                     •   $613 billion in deposits managed for                  •   $109 billion in new business lending(1).
                                                                                      retail and business customers.
                         (1) New and increased limits for new and existing customers, including the gross value of any transfers from existing customers into new products.


                                                                                   NAB's economic value distributed in 2024



                                        Suppliers                         Payments made for the provision of utilities, goods and services.                                            $6.6 bn




                                        Community investment              Community partnerships, donations, grants, in-kind support and volunteering(1).                             $116.7 m




                                        Shareholders                      Dividend payments to more than 565,000 registered shareholders.                                              $5.2 bn




                                        Colleagues                        Colleague salaries, superannuation contributions and incentives.                                             $5.4 bn




                                                                          Payments made to governments in the form of the Bank Levy ($396 million paid)
                                        Governments                       plus $3.5 billion in income taxes, goods and services taxes, fringe benefit taxes                            $3.9 bn
                                                                          and payroll taxes among others.


                                                                          Total economic value distributed                                                                            $21.2 bn
                         (1) This includes foregone fee revenue, management costs, cash contributions and in-kind contributions. The Group’s 2024 community investment number includes
                             significant contributions from NAB to the NAB Foundation. For a detailed breakdown of the categories included within the Group's community investment, refer to the
                             'Community' tab in the 2024 Sustainability Data Pack.




                        18   National Australia Bank
                        Sustainability approach
                        Sustainability in NAB's strategy
                        We are acting now for the long-term.

                        NAB serves about 10 million customers through our more than 38,000 colleagues(1) and we are connected to communities across
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               About

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            this report
                        Australia and New Zealand. That scale and connectivity provides the ability to drive positive societal change through the support
                        we provide our customers. It also means we face a complex range of societal challenges, risks and opportunities.
                        Sustainability is embedded in our strategy. We understand our responsibilities and recognise the crucial role its successful
                        management will play in the overall health of our business, our customers, our environment and our communities - now and in
                        the future.
                        We have determined priority areas – with accompanying financing ambitions - where we can make the biggest positive impact in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Our business
                        accordance with the United Nations Principles for Responsible Banking (UN PRB).
                        We need to get the basics right by maintaining sustainable business practices. We engage directly with stakeholders

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               in 2024
                        and participate in external assessments to understand views on our broader environmental, social and governance
                        (ESG) performance.
                        The Group’s approach to managing climate-related risks and opportunities is detailed in NAB's 2024 Climate Report(2).


                         Prioritising support for customers in three areas:



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Creating value




For personal use only
                          Climate action                                                     Access to affordable housing                                            First Nations economic advancement


                                                    Environmental                                                      Affordable and specialist                                                   First Nations business and
                               $80bn                finance ambition
                                                    by 2030
                                                                                                  $6bn                 housing lending
                                                                                                                       ambition by 2029
                                                                                                                                                                              $1bn                 community organisation
                                                                                                                                                                                                   lending ambition by end
                                                    (cumulative basis) 1                                               (cumulative basis) 2                                                        of 2026 (spot basis)3


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Governance
                                                                            Underpinned by resilient and sustainable business practices

                           Getting the basics right and managing ESG matters responsibly across our business                                                                                                                                             Statement

                                                 Colleagues                               Inclusive                              Risk                                    Supply chain                                 Human
                                                 and culture                              banking                                management                              management                                   rights



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Risk
                          Aligned to six key United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
                          Where we can make the biggest impact

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            management



                          www.un.org/sustainabledevelopment



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Report of
                         (1)   Ambition reflects cumulative total of new financing activity from 1 October 2023 to 30 September 2030. Refer to page 63 of NAB’s 2024 Climate Report for further information.
                         (2)   Includes affordable housing, specialist disability accommodation and sustainable housing. This includes loans made under the First Home Buyer Guarantee, Regional First Home Buyer Guarantee, Family Home



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            the Directors
                               Guarantee and New Home Guarantee, as part of the Home Guarantee Scheme for properties under the national median house price, and for borrowers with taxable income below the national median household
                               income. Progress is based on total lending facilities committed, where first draw down occurred during the ambition period, or additional funding was provided during the ambition period for a pre-existing loan
                               facility. This number does not reflect debt balance.
                         (3)   Lending position refers to ʻGross Loans and Advancesʼ to both direct Indigenous Businesses (with >50% Indigenous Ownership) and community organisations whose purpose contributes to Indigenous
                               communities. Reference to 2026 is calendar year.                                                                                                                                                                         1




                           Principles for Responsible Banking (PRB) self-assessment




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Financial report
                           As a founding signatory of the PRB, NAB seeks to align its business activities to have a positive impact on society. For detail
                           on NAB's progress against the PRB see its year five self-assessment on nab.com.au(3).




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            information
                         (1) Number of full-time equivalent colleagues as at 30 September 2024, excluding discontinued operations.
                         (2) Available at nab.com.au/annualreports.
                         (3) See NAB's self-assessment at nab.com.au/about-us/sustainability/reporting-policies-approach/performance-reporting.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                2024 Annual Report                 19
                        Sustainability approach (cont.)




                        Sustainability governance and performance
                        The challenges and opportunities of sustainability require a whole of Group response. Sustainability is embedded in NAB's
                        governance structure, as outlined below. The Board retains ultimate accountability for the oversight of sustainability-related
                        risks and opportunities and receives regular updates on sustainability performance.
                        Further detail on the Board and Board committee activities in 2024 is available in the Corporate Governance Statement of
                        this report.
                        Further information on governance and Board oversight over cybersecurity and technology strategy can be found on page 46.




                                                                   Board and Board committees
                                 Accountable for ESG strategy and oversight of ESG matters, including any escalated from Board committees.                              Independent
                                                             Board People &              Board Risk &                                         Board Nomination            assurance
                                  Board Audit                                                                      Board Customer                                         & advice
                                                             Remuneration                Compliance                                            & Governance
                                  Committee                                                                          Committee
                                                              Committee                  Committee                                               Committee


                                  The Board Risk & Compliance Committee oversees ESG risks (including climate and human rights-related risks)                                  Strategy,




For personal use only
                                      and the Groupʼs environmental compliance and performance reported and escalated by management.                                           purpose,
                                                                                                                                                                               values &
                                                                            Group Chief Executive Officer (CEO)                                                                 culture


                                                                              Executive Leadership Team (ELT)


                         Table 1: Sustainability groups and forums

                                Sustainability           Chair: Sharon Cook, Group Executive, Legal & Commercial Services(1)
                                   Council
                                                         Remit: NAB’s over-arching strategic direction as it relates to sustainability performance. Considers stakeholder
                                                         expectations and NAB’s voluntary obligations.


                                Group Climate            Chair: Jacqueline Fox, Chief Climate Officer
                             Governance Forum(2)
                                                         Remit: Drive collaboration, alignment, and visibility across NAB on strategy, innovation and opportunities and
                                                         execution activities related to climate change and the transition to a low carbon economy.


                             Affordable Housing          Chair: Julie Rynski, Executive, Business Metro & Specialised Banking
                                   Council
                                                         Remit: Drives strategy and actions related to NAB’s response to affordable and specialist housing. Includes
                                                         supporting targeted partnerships and progress.


                         Reconciliation Action           Co-Chair: Sarah White, Group Executive People & Culture and Rachel Slade, Group Executive Business and
                          Plan (RAP) Council(3)          Private Banking.

                                                         Remit: Oversees delivery and management of actions with NAB’s Reconciliation Action Plan.

                         (1)    Effective 1 October 2024, Legal & Commercial Services was renamed to Customer & Corporate Services.
                         (2)    For more information on climate governance refer to the Group's 2024 Climate Report available at nab.com.au/annualreports.
                         (3)    The RAP Council is supported by the First Nations Advisory Group, an advisory body that provides strategic guidance on NAB’s engagement with
                                Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples.




                        20     National Australia Bank
                        Sustainability approach (cont.)




                        Stakeholder engagement                                              Industry associations
                        Effective stakeholder engagement helps NAB                          In December 2023, NAB commenced its two-year role as Chair

                                                                                                                                                                       About
                                                                                            bank of the Australian Banking Association (ABA). Through the
                        understand what is expected of the bank, identify
                                                                                            ABA, NAB has engaged on a number of sustainability topics
                        issues, advocate for changes in policy and                          relevant to the banking industry, including on priority issues
                        discover opportunities to improve.                                  of insurability, scams and fraud, financial hardship and First          this report
                                                                                            Nations outcomes. NAB engages with other key groups on
                        Our approach to stakeholder engagement, including                   priority topics, including:
                        processes for consultation on sustainability topics, is set
                                                                                            •   Participation in the United Nations Environment Program
                        out in our Sustainability Policy and informed by the AA1000
                                                                                                Finance Initiative (UNEP FI) PRB working group alongside
                        Stakeholder Engagement Standard.

                                                                                                                                                                    Our business
                                                                                                NAB's peers to help inform the scope and requirements of
                                                                                                the program.
                        Engaging on sustainability:

                                                                                                                                                                       in 2024
                                                                                            •   Participation in Australian Sustainable Finance Institute's
                        We value constructive feedback on issues which drive
                                                                                                consultation on the design and development of an
                        progress on key sustainability topics that matter to NAB, the
                                                                                                Australian sustainable finance taxonomy.
                        customers we serve and the community. Key discussions this
                        year included:                                                      •   Through NAB's membership with the United Nations Global
                                                                                                Compact Network Australia, to iteratively develop NAB's
                        •   Consumer issues such as cost of living and hardship, the
                                                                                                guiding principles for a just and inclusive transition (first




                                                                                                                                                                      Creating value
                            impact of scams and fraud, cyber security, privacy and




For personal use only
                                                                                                disclosed in 2023) to guide NAB's role over time in a just and
                            financial abuse.
                                                                                                inclusive transition.
                        •   Climate action, customer transition, fossil fuel lending
                                                                                            Our key industry association memberships and payments for
                            activity, operational emissions.
                                                                                            2024 were:
                        •   Natural capital management and biodiversity.
                                                                                            •   Australian Banking Association (ABA): $2,441,322
                        •   Support for affordable and specialist housing.
                                                                                            •   Business Council of Australia (BCA): $95,000
                        •   Human Rights.
                                                                                            •   New Zealand Bankers' Association: NZ$431,947
                        •   Workforce management, including inclusion and diversity.
                                                                                            •   Business NZ: NZ$31,250
                                                                                                                                                                    Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                   Governance
                        Engaging on public policy
                        NAB engages government and regulatory bodies to provide input and help shape policy on sustainability issues that are
                        important to NAB. In 2024, this included:                                                                                                   Statement
                        •   Mandatory climate-related financial disclosures and the Government’s Sustainable Finance Roadmap.
                        •   Agricultural and Land Sectoral Plan for emissions reduction.
                        •   Scams - mandatory industry codes, and the creation of a SMS sender ID register to help prevent SMS impersonation scams.

                                                                                                                                                                       Risk
                        •   Housing: Help to Buy Program Directions and Housing Australia Investment Mandate Direction.
                        •   Australian Cyber Security Strategy.

                                                                                                                                                                    management
                        •   Participation in the Treasurer's Investor Roundtable - Social Impact Investing and Net Zero Working Groups.
                        NAB’s political contributions policy means it does not make political donations to any political party, parliamentarian, elected
                        official or candidate for political office. However, NAB representatives may pay to attend political events and business forums
                        hosted by major political parties. In 2023 (period 1 July 2022-30 June 2023), NAB spent $61,500 with the Australian Labor Party,
                        $60,000 with the Liberal Party of Australia, and $16,500 with the National Party of Australia.


                                                                                                                                                                      Report of
                        These payments are disclosed to the Australian Electoral Commission (AEC) in line with State and Federal regulation, noting the
                        AEC’s reporting year is a different period to NAB’s financial year. NAB’s 2024 contributions (period July 2023-June 2024) will be
                        available via the AEC in February 2025.

                                                                                                                                                                    the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                      Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                     Additional

                                                                                                                                                                    information




                                                                                                                                        2024 Annual Report    21
                        Sustainability approach (cont.)




                        A number of activities enable us to further understand stakeholder concerns and perspectives, and respond to stakeholders;

                         Stakeholders                   Engagement activities
                         Customers                      Market research, including customer satisfaction and experience surveys and focus groups,
                                                        customer advocacy groups, engagement with the ELT, Sustainability teams, Board and relevant
                                                        Board committees.
                         Colleagues                     Heartbeat surveys, colleague focus-groups, employee resource groups, intranet articles and social
                                                        media, confidential whistleblower program and interactive events with the ELT.
                         Shareholders, investors        Annual General Meeting (AGM), investor presentations and analyst briefings, survey participation,
                         and analysts                   regular engagement with the Board of Directors, the ELT, Investor Relations and Sustainability teams.
                         Suppliers                      Regular engagement, surveys (as part of due diligence processes and annual engagement activities)
                                                        and industry forums.
                         Industry bodies                Regular engagement, participation in working groups, consultations and advocacy processes.
                         and associations
                         Regulators and government      Regular meetings and briefings, participation in consultation processes and inquiries, focus groups
                                                        and workshops.
                         Non-government organisations   Research, surveys and interviews, meetings and events, employee volunteering, donations, and
                         (NGOs) and                     impact investing.




For personal use only
                         community partners




                        22   National Australia Bank
                        Sustainability approach (cont.)




                        ESG materiality assessment
                        NAB's annual ESG materiality assessment is designed to identify and prioritise the ESG areas of most relevance to our

                                                                                                                                                                           About
                        performance, our stakeholders, and where we can potentially have the biggest impacts on society. The outcomes guide
                        reporting and decision-making, to help us address the ESG topics that matter most.

                                                                                                                                                                        this report
                        Our definition of ESG materiality considers the areas where our business activities impact the economy, environment and
                        people. It also considers the ESG issues with the potential to impact enterprise value, including through influence on
                        stakeholder decision-making.
                        The process draws on external frameworks and resources, such as the UNEP FI Impact Radar, as well as reporting frameworks
                        (e.g., Global Reporting Initiative, Sustainability Accounting Standards Board) and ESG benchmarks and ratings (e.g., MSCI.
                        Sustainalytics, Dow Jones Sustainability Index).

                                                                                                                                                                        Our business
                        Our engagement with stakeholders as outlined on page 21 informs the approach. This includes analysing feedback and specific
                        engagements to discuss ESG matters of importance. Insights are reviewed against our strategic priorities and industry guidance.

                                                                                                                                                                           in 2024
                        Outcomes of this review are provided to the Group's Board of Directors.

                        The materiality assessment involves the following four stages:



                           1 Identification                2 Prioritisation                   3 Validation                   4 Disclosure and review

                                                                                                                                                                          Creating value




For personal use only
                        2024 ESG materiality outcomes
                        NAB’s material ESG themes are largely consistent with our 2023 assessment. The 2024 ESG materiality assessment highlighted
                        that the prevailing economic conditions mean that support for customers is recognised as particularly important, while NAB’s
                        approach to climate change remains one of the highest priority issues for our stakeholders, in terms of risks and opportunities.
                        NAB has a long history of managing and reporting on its approach to responsible management of Human Rights. In 2024, this has
                        been included as a material theme category, demonstrating increasing community expectations. The prevalence of some sub-

                                                                                                                                                                        Corporate
                        topics and measures reported have shifted, including to reflect increased interest in responsible application and opportunities
                        associated with AI.
                                                                                                                                                                       Governance
                         2024 ESG material themes                                               Sub-topics
                                                                                                •   Customer advocacy and feedback (pages 12 to 15)
                                                                                                                                                                        Statement
                                                                                                •   Responsible product development and marketing (page 25)
                                1. Supporting customers                                         •   Financial hardship and customers experiencing vulnerability
                                NAB is committed to ensuring customers trust us and                 (page 26)
                                choose us to deliver exceptional experiences in both
                                                                                                •   Financial inclusion (page 26)

                                                                                                                                                                           Risk
                                their everyday basic needs and in their life moments
                                that matter.                                                    •   Scams and fraud (page 26)
                                                                                                •   First Nations business (page 27)


                                                                                                                                                                        management
                                                                                                •   Affordable housing (page 29)
                                                                                                •   Financing the transition to net zero by 2050
                                                                                                •   Sustainable finance
                                2. Managing climate change                                      •   Managing climate risks (physical and transition)
                                Taking decisive action on climate change and                    •   Biodiversity and natural capital
                                environmental sustainability. Climate action is                 •   Just transition
                                everyone's job.

                                                                                                                                                                          Report of
                                                                                                •   Operational environmental performance
                                                                                                Summarised information can be found on pages 38 to 41. Refer
                                                                                                to NAB's 2024 Climate Report for more detail.

                                                                                                                                                                        the Directors
                                3. Data security, technology and innovation                     • Technology resilience and security (pages 46 to 49)
                                Maintaining resilient, reliable and secure systems oriented     • Use of data, privacy and ethics (page 47)
                                to customer outcomes and experience.                            • Artificial intelligence (page 46 )
                                                                                                • Board capability and diversity (pages 79 to 83)
                                4. Governance, conduct and culture                              • Culture and How We Work (page 86)
                                Being transparent, making ethical decisions and




                                                                                                                                                                          Financial report
                                embedding accountability throughout the Group.                  • Code of Conduct (pages 87 to 88)
                                                                                                • Executive remuneration (page 126)
                                                                                                • Leadership (including capability initiatives) (page 32)
                                5. Colleague engagement, inclusion and capability               • Talent attraction, development, retention (page 33)
                                NAB's more than 38,000 colleagues are essential to being a      • Inclusion and diversity (page 33)
                                customer-centric company.                                       • Health, safety and wellbeing (page 37)
                                                                                                • Employee/Industrial relations (page 87)
                                6. Managing Human Rights                                        • Modern Slavery (page 50)
                                A commitment to respecting human rights is a core               • Customer identification and management of human rights
                                foundation in how NAB operates. NAB seeks to support and           issues (page 50)
                                                                                                                                                                         Additional
                                respect the human rights of its colleagues, customers and
                                the people in its communities.


                                                                                                                                                                        information




                                                                                                                                             2024 Annual Report   23
                        Sustainability approach (cont.)




                        Sustainability performance
                        The targets and key measures below show the Group’s progress in meeting goals aligned to the sustainability areas that matter
                        most. NAB's 2024 Sustainability Data Pack and 2024 Climate Report is available at nab.com.au/annualreports.
                        2024 Sustainability performance

                                Metrics and targets                                                                                                               2024                            2023
                                Customers                                                                                                              SDG 8, 10, 1112
                                Customer advocacy(1)
                                  Mass consumer                                                                                                                     -2*                           -3=#
                                  Business                                                                                                                           8^                             11^
                                  High Net Worth and Mass Affluent                                                                                                   2#                           -7^
                                Cumulative progress against ambition to lend $6bn to affordable and                                                             $4.4bn                          $2.2bn
                                specialist housing by 2029HR
                                Target to more than double lending to First Nations business and                                                               $463.8m                         $417.2m
                                community organisations to $1bn by end of 2026 (spot balance)(2)HR
                                Spend with Indigenous suppliers(3)HR                                                                                            $15.1m                           $6.0m
                                Number of NAB Assist customer accounts in financial hardship(4)HR                                                                30,565                          15,354




For personal use only
                                Number of Australians assisted with microfinance products/services (5)                                                           89,535                         87,692
                                Climate action                                                                                                          SDG 7, 9, 1312
                                Set interim sector decarbonisation targets for high emitting sectors to                                      Published 12 targets             Published 7 targets
                                support transition to net zero economy by 2050                                                             (covering 8/9 sectors)          (covering 7/9 sectors)
                                $80bn environmental finance ambition for the period 1 October 2023 to 30                                                        $7.3bn                              N/A
                                September 2030(6)
                                Number of colleagues who completed the Climate Foundations training                                                    Almost 8,000            Approximately 1,200
                                Reduction in Scope 1 and 2 operational emissions compared to 2022 baseline(7)                                         57% reduction                   35% reduction
                                NAB Foundation donations to support impacted communitiesHR                                                                       $2.6m                            $1.6m
                                Governance, conduct, culture                                                                                               SDG 8, 1012
                                Code of conduct breaches – Total number of breaches(8)HR                                                                         8,232                            6,084
                                “How we work” engagement score(9)                                                                                                    76                               76
                                Colleagues                                                                                                             SDG 5, 8, 1012
                                Full-time equivalent (FTE) colleagues(10)                                                                                       38,996                           38,128
                                Progress against target to achieve 40-60% of either gender represented at                                               6 of 9 levels                    4 of 9 levels
                                each salary level (including Board and Group subsidiary boards) by 2025HR
                                Progress against objective to achieve gender pay equity <10% by 2025HR                                                             15.1%                          15.8%
                                Total colleague turnover rateHR                                                                                                    9.6%                            10.1%
                                Technology and Data Security                                                                                            SDG 8, 9, 1112
                                Number of critical technology incidents – Australia                                                                                    4                                  1
                                Total number of substantiated complaints received concerning breaches of customer                                                    115                              88
                                privacy from regulatory bodies and other outside parties – Australia & New Zealand(11)
                                Managing human rights
                                NAB seeks to support and respect the human rights of its colleagues, customers and the people in its communities.
                                Human rights-related metrics have been indicated by “HR” in the above table.
                               (1) Net Promoter® and NPS® are registered trademarks of Bain & Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc., and Fred Reichheld. Net Promoter ScoreSM is a service mark of Bain &
                                    Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc., and Fred Reichheld. Figures prior to 2024 have been restated and have not been verified by EY. Measured on 6 month rolling average
                                    to September of stated year. Mass Consumer NPS is sourced from RFI Global – Atlas, measured on 6 month rolling average. Based on all consumers, 18+ and excludes
                                    consumers with personal income of $260k+ and/or investible assets $2.5m+ and/or footings of over $850k., HNW&MA NPS is sourced from RFI Global – Atlas, measured
                                    on 6 month rolling average. Based on all consumers, 18+, includes Mass Affluent customers ($850k to $2.5M footings OR $260k+ personal income with less than $850k
                                    in footings and less than $2.5m in investible assets) and High Net Worth customers ($2.5m+ in footings or have investible assets of $2.5m+). Business NPS is sourced
                                    from RFI Global – Atlas, measured on 6 month rolling average. Business Strategic NPS is constructed based on 25:25:50 weighting of underlying segments, allocated to
                                    Nano & Micro: Small: Medium & Large, respectively. Nano & Micro (Businesses with a turnover up to $1m or $1m-$5m with no perceived banker), Small
                                    (Businesses with a turnover $1m-$5m with a perceived banker), Medium & Large (Businesses with a turnover between $5m and <$200m).
                               (2) Lending position refers to ‘Gross Loans and Advances’ to both direct Indigenous Businesses (with >50% Indigenous Ownership) and community organisations whose
                                    purpose contributes to Indigenous communities. Lending calculated as at 31 August 2024, baseline position ($417.2m) calculated as at 31 August 2023 and has been
                                    restated in 2024. Reference to 2026 is calendar year.
                               (3) To reflect NAB's targeted efforts to increase support for First Nations businesses and contribute to their economic growth, NAB's First Nations third-party spend
                                    target has increased from $5 million in 2023 to $15 million in 2024. The target will be increased to $18 million in 2025 and $20 million in 2026. For more detail on NAB
                                    Reconciliation Action Plan, please refer to nab.com.au/content/dam/nab/documents/reports/corporate/reconciliation-action-plan-2024-2027.pdf.
                               (4) 2024 and 2023 are accounts that received NAB Assist financial hardship assistance at any point in time over the 12 month period. 2024 includes Advantedge, Citi
                                    (mortgages), ubank, and accounts that were subsequently closed, and reflects operational changes supporting earlier identification of customers experiencing
                                    financial hardship. These were not included in 2023.
                               (5) Products provided in partnership with Good Shepherd Australia. All products provided are No Interest Loans Scheme (NILS) products in Australia.
                               (6) In June 2024 NAB established an environmental finance ambition of $80 billion for the period 1 October 2023 to 30 September 2030. Refer to Environmental finance
                                    ambition in the Group’s 2024 Climate Report on page 63 for further details.
                               (7) Refer to Environmental operational targets summary in the Group’s 2024 Climate Report on page 67 for further details.
                               (8) The increase in cases is in part a reflection of better data capture as we continue to improve our rigour in recording minor and mild matters independently managed
                                    by People Leaders.
                               (9) Scores cover NAB group colleagues and are based off response to the “Colleagues at NAB live our How We Work values/Colleagues at BNZ live our Mātāpono values“
                                    question in engagement survey conducted in July 2024 and July 2023.
                               (10) Number of full-time equivalent colleagues as at 30 September 2024, excluding discontinued operations.
                               (11) A substantiated complaint is a written statement by regulatory or similar official body addressed to the organisation that identifies breaches of customer privacy, or
                                    a complaint lodged with the organisation that has been recognized as legitimate by the organisation (as defined in GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards 418
                                    Customer Privacy, relating to GRI disclosure 418-1). Refer to General tab in the Group’s 2024 Sustainability data pack for further details.
                               (12) SDG 5. Gender Equality, SDG 7. Affordable and Clean Energy, SDG 8. Decent Work and Economic Growth, SDG 9. Industry, innovation and infrastructure, SDG 10. Reduced
                                    inequalities, SDG 11. Sustainable cities and communities, SDG 13. Climate Action
                                # #1 among major Australian banks, ^ #2 among major Australian banks, *#3 among major Australian banks




                        24   National Australia Bank
                        Customers
                        Exceptional customer service and experience is a
                        core part of NAB's strategy. In 2024, we maintained                                            with important insights on how the bank can support
                        a clear focus on delivering better outcomes                                                    customers in the short and long-term.
                        for our customers, supported by disciplined                                                                                                                                           About

                                                                                                                                                                                                           this report
                        execution and persistent investment. This will
                                                                                                                   Supporting customers in changing
                        continue in 2025 as we strive to become an even
                                                                                                                   economic conditions
                        more customer-centric company, so customers
                                                                                                                   The Customer Care team is the main point of contact for
                        trust us and choose us to be their bank.
                                                                                                                   personal and small business customers experiencing financial
                                                                                                                   hardship or vulnerability. This team works with our customers
                        Striving to be the most customer-centric
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Our business
                                                                                                                   to tailor financial assistance and additional support to their
                        company in Australia and New Zealand                                                       circumstances. In the current economic environment, the
                                                                                                                   main reasons for hardship include increases in the cost of

                                                                                                                                                                                                              in 2024
                        NAB’s Group strategy, in place since April 2020, delivered for
                        our more than 10 million customers and the communities they                                living, illness, unemployment and underemployment.
                        live in, achieved through colleagues who served them well.                                 Customers are offered support measures such as
                        Our evolved Group strategic ambition retains key elements                                  reduced repayments, payment breaks, loan reviews and
                        of the existing strategy and places customer centricity at                                 restructures. Customers are also referred to free financial
                        the core.                                                                                  counselling and wellbeing services if they need additional




                                                                                                                                                                                                             Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                                                   support. Financial counselling can be offered to all customers
                        By fostering a customer-obsessed culture, we’re striving to
                                                                                                                   who speak to Customer Care. In 2024, NAB provided customers
                        deliver exceptional experiences for customers and become a
                                                                                                                   with financial support on 30,565 accounts(1).
                        simpler, faster, and safer bank.
                                                                                                                   We are investing to make it simpler for customers to let
                        Refer to Evolving our Group Strategy for further information.
                                                                                                                   us know they need help and to increase how we can
                        Additional detail on the Group’s customer performance is                                   provide support. We continue to partner with industry-leading
                        provided in the 2024 Sustainability Data Pack available at                                 not for profit organisations to complement our assistance
                        nab.com.au/annualreports.                                                                  programs. We want customers to be in control, feel confident
                                                                                                                   and maintain dignity when they speak to us about their
                        Customer-centered product development                                                      financial circumstances. We're here to support our customers                            Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Governance
                        The Enterprise Product Committee is an executive level                                     in the face of uncertainty and help them on their path to
                        management committee that has been established to                                          financial recovery and resilience. Measures include:
                        oversee product design and distribution. Its role is to align                              •   Investing extensively in onboarding customer obsessed                               Statement
                        our products and services to the Customer Outcomes                                             team members into the Customer Care team.
                        Framework and to NAB’s strategy via NAB’s enterprise
                                                                                                                   •   Expanding the solutions we can offer customers under
                        product governance framework, Products@NAB. The Customer
                                                                                                                       hardship assistance to provide more tailored support for
                        Outcomes Framework ensures the voice of the customer

                                                                                                                                                                                                              Risk
                                                                                                                       their financial circumstances. This includes the upfront
                        is included in our business decisions. We test the design
                                                                                                                       adjustment of a customer's home lending limit to match
                        and operation of NAB’s products and services against
                                                                                                                       the balance (capitalisation)- after a period of hardship
                        the Customer Outcomes Framework to ensure they deliver

                                                                                                                                                                                                           management
                                                                                                                       assistance, or conversion to interest only.
                        customer-centric outcomes.
                                                                                                                   •   Partnering with industry experts to deliver new training
                        Products@NAB defines mandatory processes and controls for
                                                                                                                       focused on helping colleagues better identify and support
                        how NAB designs, distributes and reviews its products to:
                                                                                                                       vulnerable customers.
                        •    assess the value they deliver to our customers;
                                                                                                                   •   Increasing presence and access in remote communities
                        •    evaluate if our products and services are simple and                                      by supporting, financing or attending community led

                                                                                                                                                                                                             Report of
                             aligned to NAB’s strategy;                                                                efforts such as Financial Awareness Week and Financial
                        •    review inclusion, accessibility and vulnerability                                         Counsellor conferences.

                                                                                                                                                                                                           the Directors
                             considerations, where appropriate; and                                                •   Working with third party representatives such as Way
                        •    identify continuous improvement opportunities which will                                  Forward and financial counsellors to support customers
                             inform product strategies and delivery roadmaps.                                          experiencing financial hardship.




                                                                                                                                                                                                             Financial report
                             The role of NAB's Consumer Forum                                                          Quick link
                             In 2024, NAB invited leading consumer sector advocates                                    For more details on Customer Support, refer to
                             to be part of a regular forum on various topics                                           nab.com.au/customersupport.
                             including financial inclusion, financial hardship, family
                             and domestic violence, and scams. The NAB Consumer
                             Forum (Forum) brings together leading community
                             advocates and leaders across NAB and is co-chaired
                             by NAB’s Customer Advocate and a leading sector
                             representative, helping NAB get closer to the issues

                                                                                                                                                                                                            Additional
                             and emerging themes affecting customers the most.
                             The Forum continues to provide Executives across NAB

                                                                                                                                                                                                           information
                            (1) Accounts that received NAB Assist financial hardship assistance at any point in time over the 12 month period. Figure includes Advantedge, Citi (mortgages), ubank, and
                                accounts that were subsequently closed, and reflects operational changes supporting earlier identification of customers experiencing financial hardship.


                                                                                                                                                                           2024 Annual Report        25
                        Customers (cont.)




                        Supporting customers                                                 More inclusive and accessible banking
                        experiencing vulnerability                                           NAB’s Accessibility Action Plan 2023 – 2024 (available
                                                                                             at nab.com.au/about-us/accessibility-inclusion) provides a
                        Building financial resilience                                        roadmap for improved inclusion and accessibility for
                        We are helping customers manage their money with easy-to-            customers, colleagues and community members. The Action
                        use digital tools. A series of short financial wellbeing videos      Plan focuses on three key goals:
                        - which offered tips to help customers effectively manage            1. Work towards being an employer of choice for people
                        their money - reached more than one million customers this              with disability.
                        year and was reflective of a steady increase in the number of
                        customers setting specific savings goals.                            2. Help our communities prosper by supporting disability
                                                                                                organisations and businesses to solve emerging issues.
                        More support in the moments that matter                              3. Use data and insights from customers to listen, understand
                        We are here to help our customers experiencing vulnerability            and implement improved accessibility into their experience.
                        at any time. Our refreshed Customers Experiencing                    In 2024, we improved inclusivity and accessibility by:
                        Vulnerability Framework for 2024 to 2026 (available at
                                                                                             •   Expanding the availability of interpreter services and
                        nab.com.au/customersupport) sets out our ambition and
                                                                                                 languages translated across different banking channels
                        focus areas to identify vulnerability earlier, provide extra care
                                                                                                 supporting non-English speaking customers.
                        to customers and build financial resilience.
                                                                                             •   Developing Easy English guides enabling customers with




For personal use only
                        Providing extra care                                                     low levels of literacy greater accessibility to information
                        Our NAB Customer Support Hub provides specialised care to                on staying safe from scams, how to keep your information
                        our customers. During 2023 to 2024, the Customer Support                 safe, extra care, hardship, bereavement support and our
                        Hub helped 2,867 customers in vulnerable circumstances.                  complaints policy.
                        1,144 customers experiencing financial abuse and/or domestic         •   Reviewing selected products for inclusion, accessibility
                        and family violence were supported and NAB blocked 169,915               and vulnerability considerations to facilitate continuous
                        abusive transactions via Internet and Mobile Banking.                    improvement. This review process will be expanded and
                                                                                                 embedded as part of product governance.
                        Helping customers who need extra support                             •   Continuing to support customers in remote Indigenous
                        As cost of living pressures have increased for customers, NAB            communities to access banking services via our Indigenous
                        has prioritised the provision of extra support.                          Customer Service Line.
                        Central to this pledge is our work to support customers who          •   Holding Accessibility Roundtables bringing expertise and
                        find it more difficult to access mainstream banking, due to              insights from disability organisations on themes, including
                        limited financial capability, poor credit history or lower income.       accessible products and services, equitable recruitment
                        In recognition of this, we launched a new Customers                      and retention, support for businesses owned and led by
                        Experiencing Vulnerability Framework in 2024.                            people with disability, and inclusive design.

                        2024 also marked 21 years of NAB’s partnership with Good             Training and capability
                        Shepherd Australia New Zealand (Good Shepherd) to help
                                                                                             From April 2024, NAB delivered new learning modules to more
                        Australians experiencing vulnerability with safe and affordable
                                                                                             than 17,000 colleagues to increase colleague capability in
                        access to loans that incur no interest or fees and require no
                                                                                             identifying red flags of vulnerability, supporting customers with
                        security (NILs).
                                                                                             disability and better assisting those experiencing vulnerability.

                                                                                             Protecting our customers against scams
                                                                                             and fraud
                                                                                             In 2024 the number of scams reported by NAB customers
                                                                                             increased 18% year on year - an average of 1,850 cases
                              Over 21 years of partnering with                               per month. Despite this, customer losses decreased by 20%.
                                      Good Shepherd                                          Our efforts to increase customer awareness of scams and
                                                                                             fraud, and to reduce their impact, is making a difference.
                                                                                             Initiatives included:
                                                                                             •   Additional in-branch scam education and prevention
                              Helped over 1 million            More than 418,000                 materials to help bankers raise customer awareness of the
                                Australians on low         microfinance loans delivered,         issue and highlight how they can proactively combat them.
                               incomes, since 2003.        since 2003 totalling $546.8
                                                                                             •   Regular scams awareness and education campaigns - such
                                                                     million.
                                                                                                 as NAB’s ‘Red Flags’ - to help customers recognise and
                                                                                                 identify them ahead of time.
                                                                                             •   Payment alerts in the NAB App and Internet Banking to
                                                                                                 target more scam types. This has supported customers
                                                                                                 to stop more than $100 million in suspicious payments in
                        In 2024, NAB provided support to build independence, and
                                                                                                 15 months.
                        empowerment by helping more than 40,000 people access
                        $64.1m in NILs. Since 2003, NAB has provided over 418,000            •   A communications toolkit of consistent messaging and
                        microfinance loans valued at $546.8 million. In doing so, NAB            imagery to educate and clearly inform customers about the
                        has helped more than one million Australians on low incomes,             dangers of scams and fraud.
                        with NILs.




                        26   National Australia Bank
                        Customers (cont.)




                        •   Upgrades to the nab.com.au homepage with more                 New Zealand. Refer to page 26 for more information on no
                            information on scams and fraud to build customer              interest loans.
                            awareness of the risks.
                                                                                                                                                                   About
                                                                                          Pillar Three: Building cultural capability to support
                        •   Industry collaboration on scams policies and initiatives as
                                                                                          meaningful careers
                            well as support for the Scam-Safe Accord, an agreement
                            across Australian Banking Association members to reduce       First Nations people continue to be under-represented                 this report
                            the threat of scams.                                          in the financial sector and in our business, especially
                                                                                          at senior levels. Revisiting the foundational aspects of
                        Supporting reconciliation                                         talent recruitment and retention as well as the support of
                                                                                          colleagues and career development will be critical to our
                        NAB recently launched its Reconciliation Action Plan for
                                                                                          ambition to double the number of self-identified, permanent

                                                                                                                                                                Our business
                        2024 to 2027 (RAP). This aligns with our objective to
                                                                                          colleagues to 380 by September 2026.
                        drive commercial growth in the First Nations business
                        sector through our key pillars of customers, colleagues           Additionally, renewed focus has been given to cultural

                                                                                                                                                                   in 2024
                        and community.                                                    education, learning and engagement. We have mobilised our
                                                                                          First Nations colleagues, promoting their voices internally
                        Our vision for a reconciled Australia is a future where
                                                                                          and externally. This includes the formation and resourcing
                        Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people have equitable
                                                                                          of the First Nations Employee Resource Group, a colleague
                        access to finance and employment, and where all Australians
                                                                                          representative group to advocate for the rights and interests
                        and organisations work together to build healthy, inclusive and
                                                                                          of our First Nations workforce and provide a source of




                                                                                                                                                                  Creating value
                        sustainable communities.




For personal use only
                                                                                          education to all colleagues.
                        Our focus is to empower First Nations people to be
                        economically self-determining by creating a more equal            Governance
                        playing field when it comes to accessing banking and finance.     As we embark on our next RAP, greater rigour has
                        We interpret reconciliation to mean everyone acknowledges,        been created through the creation of an executive level
                        respects and takes pride in the culture of Aboriginal and         RAP Council.
                        Torres Strait Islander people, and the gap is closed between      Our RAP Council tracks and oversees the delivery of our
                        First Nations communities and other Australians.                  actions and provides a forum to discuss new and emerging
                                                                                                                                                                Corporate
                        By creating an environment where there is stronger                issues, opportunities where we can provide greater support to
                        economic participation of First Nations customers in              customers and how this can help achieve our ambitions. The
                        business and employment, we can contribute to improved            RAP Council is supported by the First Nations Advisory Group         Governance
                        health, education, and employment outcomes for Aboriginal         comprised of external Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders
                        and Torres Strait Islander people. We know First Nations          leaders, NAB executives, colleagues and a Non-Executive               Statement
                        businesses are large employers of First Nations communities.      Director of the Board.
                        Supporting business growth and spending more with First           We have centralised critical program funding and added
                        Nations businesses are ways in which we can contribute to         dedicated positions in the First Nations Affairs, Procurement
                        employment outcomes.

                                                                                                                                                                   Risk
                                                                                          and People and Culture teams to drive progress and impact.
                        Our RAP has been designed in consultation with First Nations      On behalf of our colleagues, customers and communities, we
                        colleagues and accountable executives from across NAB.            continue to ensure our internal processes are strong and

                                                                                                                                                                management
                        We have drawn on feedback from our First Nations Advisory         suitably support our ambitions for reconciliation.
                        Group, First Nations customers and partners, as well as
                        Reconciliation Australia.
                        We have identified three key pillars where we can have the
                        most impact:


                                                                                                                                                                  Report of
                        Pillar One: Stimulating sustainable growth in First
                        Nations business


                                                                                                                                                                the Directors
                        We have set clear ambitions to support First Nations
                        customers, particularly growing businesses. The ambition to
                        more than double lending to First Nations businesses and
                        community organisations to at least $1 billion on a spot basis
                        by end of calendar year 2026, provides a rallying point for our
                        colleagues. We have also set ambitious targets to increase




                                                                                                                                                                  Financial report
                        our year on year spend with First Nations businesses and
                        onboard more First Nations suppliers.
                                                                                          NAB's "Walking Together" star was designed in 2022 by
                        Pillar Two: Supporting the self-determining aspirations of
                                                                                          Marcus Lee, a proud Aboriginal descendant of the Karajarri
                        First Nations people
                                                                                          people. Since then, it has been used comprehensively
                        Building and maintaining respectful relationships with First      during NAIDOC and Reconciliation weeks, and the 2024 AFL
                        Nations communities starts with acknowledgement of the            and AFLW rounds. It also appears across digital assets, on
                        power imbalances between banks and communities. We                merchandise and as an entry decal on all new branches and
                        understand banking can be difficult to navigate and we need       business banking centres.

                                                                                                                                                                 Additional
                        to do more to empower and support customers to enable
                        financial inclusion. In 2024, we increased access to small

                                                                                                                                                                information
                        amounts of credit to First Nations customers with 11,291 no
                        interest loans, in partnership with Good Shepherd Australia




                                                                                                                                    2024 Annual Report    27
                        Customers (cont.)




                                                                                                             First Nations Business Banking
                             Quick Link
                                                                                                             NAB recognises the importance of the First Nations
                             Refer to
                                                                                                             business and community sectors. We continue to expand
                             nab.com.au/content/dam/nab/documents/reports/
                                                                                                             specialist bankers and our capability to provide better
                             corporate/reconciliation-action-plan-2024-2027.pdf for
                                                                                                             banking and funding support for First Nations people,
                             more information on our Reconciliation Action Plan
                                                                                                             businesses and communities.
                             2024 to 2027.
                                                                                                             We have expanded our network of specialised business
                                                                                                             bankers nationwide and we continue to build relationships
                                                                                                             which will allow us to fund more First Nations
                             NAB Foundation Funded Research                                                  businesses and community organisations and stimulate their
                                                                                                             economic development.
                             Gari Yala Research                                                              Our total lending to First Nations business and community
                             Four years on from the success of the 2020 Gari                                 organisations(1) has grown more than 11% to $463.8 million
                             Yala research report, the NAB Foundation has funded                             over the last 12 months(2), in line with our ambition to deliver
                             the Jumbunna Centre for Indigenous Education and                                $1 billion by end of calendar year 2026.
                             Research, University Technology Sydney (UTS) and                                NAB's team of specialist bankers support First Nations
                             Diversity Council Australia to undertake a second                               businesses by:
                             research report to better understand how workplaces




For personal use only
                                                                                                             •   Providing sector, government policy, First Nations
                             have implemented the findings of the 2020 Gari
                                                                                                                 culture and credit opportunity insights to our business
                             Yala report.
                                                                                                                 banking team.
                             It will also use the opportunity to better understand
                                                                                                             •   Deepening the business' understanding of sector
                             workplace racism.
                                                                                                                 compliance and regulatory requirements so we can provide
                             Australian National University                                                      the right type of capital, funding or other banking services
                                                                                                                 to ensure First Nations organisations grow and thrive.
                             NAB Foundation has funded The Australian National
                             University (ANU) to undertake Indigenous-led research                           •   Connecting our customers to external business advisors
                             drawing upon Indigenous thought leadership and world-                               and financial capital providers from government,
                             class research expertise. The research will                                         philanthropists and other corporate entities and NGOs.

                             •    Analyse the emerging Indigenous economy and                                Working together with First Nations people, in 2024 NAB:
                                  business sector.                                                           •   Delivered targeted First Nations cultural awareness
                             •    Investigate and outline the unique barriers to and                             training to 135 business bankers, credit specialists, legal
                                  opportunities for Indigenous business growth.                                  practitioners and banking associates.
                             •    Explore the role of banking in activating significant                      •   Contributed towards education sessions around financial
                                  and sustainable systems change for Indigenous                                  business literacy with key sector participants (including
                                  business growth.                                                               a panel discussion at the 2024 Australian Institute of
                                                                                                                 Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Studies forum on
                             By funding partnerships for inclusion and research,
                                                                                                                 banking innovation for First Nations businesses).
                             we aim to support positive change for First Nations
                             communities and share knowledge with the sector.                                •   Partnered with six First Nations business chambers,
                                                                                                                 Indigenous Business Hubs and two government agencies
                                                                                                                 towards delivering sector support insights and education.
                                                                                                             •   Worked to develop joint funding relationships with other
                                                                                                                 corporate entities seeking to improve engagement with
                                                                                                                 their own Indigenous supply chains.




                         (1) Lending position refers to ‘Gross Loans and Advances’ to both direct Indigenous Businesses (with >50% Indigenous Ownership) and community organisations whose
                             purpose contributes to Indigenous communities, baseline position ($417.2m) calculated as at 31 August 2023 and has been restated in 2024.
                         (2) Lending update calculated as at August 2024 (vs. August 2023).


                        28       National Australia Bank
                        Customers (cont.)




                        Affordable and specialist housing                                   the MCG as part of Melbourne City Mission’s annual flagship
                                                                                            fundraiser. Through our partnership, NAB is also continuing to
                        Affordable housing is a critical issue for NAB’s customers and
                                                                                            support Good Shepherd’s new purpose-built 40-home site for
                                                                                                                                                                    About
                        the economic security of the wider community.
                                                                                            women 55+ at risk of homelessness in Marrickville NSW.
                        We are working with customers to increase the supply of

                                                                                                                                                                 this report
                        more affordable homes and housing for specialised needs,
                        targeting an additional $6 billion in lending by 2029. We have
                        provided $4.4 billion towards this ambition since the end of
                        2022, with a total of $2.1 billion in 2024.

                        Funding increased supply


                                                                                                                                                                 Our business
                        This includes accommodation provided by community housing
                        providers (CHPs) through to mixed-use developments,
                        commercial projects and government partnerships to support
                                                                                                                                                                    in 2024
                        home ownership for essential workers, young people and
                        those on low incomes.
                        In 2024, we worked closely with customers and industry
                        partners to support applications to the Federal Government's
                        major housing financing body, Housing Australia, for the




                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value




For personal use only
                        Housing Affordability Future Fund. Customers across the
                        business have been successful in receiving funding and we will
                        continue to support customers in subsequent funding rounds.
                        We also helped finance social, affordable and community
                        housing transactions which included build to rent projects.
                        Developments such as the build-to-rent residential project
                        in Kensington, Victoria, which NAB customers, Hacer and
                        Local: Residential, have constructed, highlight how innovative
                        business solutions can help solve community challenges.
                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate
                        Innovative construction methods such as modular housing
                        have become an important part of the answer to the housing                                                                              Governance
                        challenge. We are proud to work with Junction Housing, a not-
                        for-profit South Australian company, which develops projects                                                                             Statement
                        to support people on low to moderate incomes.
                        The availability of affordable, sustainable and appropriate
                        housing is critical to help people with disability participate in


                                                                                                                                                                    Risk
                        key aspects of social and economic life.
                        In 2024, we financed the construction of some large projects
                        to help people living with disability. This included increasing

                                                                                                                                                                 management
                        our support for Synergis and Inspire Impact’s Specialist
                        Disability Accommodation (SDA) Funds which will deliver more
                        than 500 new homes across Victoria, Queensland and South
                        Australia in 2024/25.

                        Pathways to home ownership

                                                                                                                                                                   Report of
                        In 2024, we responded to the Government’s Help to Buy
                        consultation which is intended to find ways to assist

                                                                                                                                                                 the Directors
                        Australians purchase homes who may not otherwise be able
                        to do so.
                        We also provided foundation support for the First Home
                        Guarantee (FHG) scheme which helps people earning incomes
                        under the national median, access home ownership.




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
                        Our affordable and specialist housing ambition includes a
                        subset of loans provided via the FHG, for loans where
                        applicants have a total taxable income under the national
                        median, and for properties with a price under the national
                        median. NAB is a founding bank in this scheme and in 2024
                        financed loans in this subset housing, for approximately
                        3,750 borrowers.

                        Supporting people experiencing homelessness


                                                                                                                                                                  Additional
                        In 2024, we partnered with CHPs and charity organisations as
                        part of a broader integrated approach to addressing housing
                        stress. On 16 May 2024, more than 100 colleagues participated
                        in the annual ‘Sleep at the G’, raising more than $140,000                                                                               information
                        for youth homelessness. Team NAB joined about 1,000 other
                        people to spend a night sleeping rough on the concourse of


                                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report   29
                        Colleagues
                        Our Colleague Strategy
                        Established in 2020, our Colleague Strategy focused on building trusted professionals who are proud to be a part of NAB. The
                        strategic aspirations have included five key pillars: talented professionals who shape the future of banking, distinctive leaders
                        who inspire performance, empowered colleagues who are motivated, an inclusive culture we can be proud of and a world class
                        P&C team.




For personal use only
                        Talented professionals who shape the future of banking
                        We foster diverse, market-leading banking professionals and attract, develop and retain top talent. We empower colleagues to
                        learn and grow, build digital and data capabilities and pursue exciting career opportunities.
                        Distinctive leaders who inspire performance
                        We build clear, capable and motivated leaders who drive positive change and connect colleagues to our purpose: to serve
                        customers well and help our communities prosper. Our people leaders create a winning environment and celebrate the
                        successes and contributions of all.
                        Empowered colleagues who are motivated
                        We care deeply about customers and are passionate about exceptional service and executional excellence. We focus on top
                        priorities, work with flexibility and pace, and colleagues are rewarded fairly for strong performance.
                        Inclusive culture we can be proud of
                        We aim for an agile, progressive and accountable culture where colleagues role model 'How We Work' and collaborate to
                        accelerate decision-making and customer outcomes.
                        A World Class P&C Team delivering exceptional service
                        We aim to be a world class P&C team delivering exceptional service and a memorable human experience for all our colleagues at
                        NAB. We focus on making it simpler and easier for our colleagues to do their everyday jobs.
                        Aligned to the 2024 Evolved Strategic Ambition, the Colleague Strategy has been refreshed with an ambition for ‘customer
                        obsessed colleagues who are proud to work at NAB’. The refreshed Colleague Strategy centres on the three pillars of Talent,
                                  Our
                        Culture and     strategic
                                     Leaders with clearambition     for to
                                                       ambitions aligned  Colleagues
                                                                             each pillar, per the below Colleague Strategy on a page:

                                   Customer obsessed colleagues who are proud to work at NAB
                                  What we will be known for

                                                   Talent: Highly skilled global                                       Culture: A customer obsessed culture                                       Leaders: World standard leaders who
                                                   workforce positioned for the future                                 where it is simple to get things done                                      inspire and support performance

                                  1. A global skills-based workforce positioned for the                 1. Clarity of individual purpose and how each colleague                    1. World standard leaders who consistently role model
                                     future.                                                               impacts customer experience regardless of role.                            customer obsession.
                                  2. Inclusive talent systems to enable greater career                  2. Colleagues supported to consistently deliver for                        2. Clear leadership standards, behaviours and
                                     opportunities for our colleagues.                                     customers and get their jobs done.                                         expectations to drive consistency and accountability.
                                  3. A market leading employee value proposition to                     3. An environment that is customer centric, performance                    3. Future-fit leaders who unlock potential and high
                                     attract and retain diverse talent.                                    focused, collaborative and inclusive.                                      performance in others with empathy and curiosity.
                                  4. Targeted learning opportunities to develop the                     4. Colleagues are our strongest brand ambassadors and                      4. Leaders supported through their leadership journey
                                     skills we need to win in market.                                      are proud to work at NAB.                                                  with tailored programs based on their requirements.


                                   Measures of success
                                                                                                        •   Engagement score                                                        •   % top quartile leaders score & top quartile engagement score
                                   •   Opportunities to learn and grow
                                                                                                        •   Inclusion index                                                         •   Distinctive Leadership role modelling
                                   •   Gender and First Nations representation
                                                                                                        •   Engagement basket of metrics (Belonging, Recommend, Wellbeing, eSat)    •   Establish leadership capability baseline in FY25
                                   •   Reduction in regrettable attrition (target segments)
                                                                                                        •   Employee NPS
                                   •   Employer brand awareness/attractiveness
                                                                                                        •   Customer obsession index
                                   •   Internal appointments for critical segments
                                                                                                        •   Who We Are embedment score


                                   Who We Are
                                           We are customer obsessed                           We keep it simple                          We move with speed                         We own it                             We win together




                        30   National Australia Bank
                        Colleagues (cont.)




                        Talent                                                               sitting across both locations. In 2024, a continued downward
                        Develop a highly skilled, diverse, and customer obsessed             trend in colleague attrition has been observed in alignment
                                                                                             with uncertain economic and labour market conditions.
                                                                                                                                                                                         About
                        global workforce positioned for the future. The Talent pillar will
                        focus on:
                                                                                             Table 1: Workforce by contract type and gender
                                                                                                                                                                                      this report
                        •   Transforming our talent management systems
                                                                                             2024 (%)
                            and practices.
                                                                                                                                                    Female         Male
                        •   Shaping a global and diverse workforce using a skills-based
                                                                                              Permanent full-time                                          31.4       37.3
                            approach and strategic workforce planning.
                                                                                              Permanent part-time                                            6.5          1.2
                        •   Delivering learning solutions which close priority skills gaps
                            and foster a culture of curiosity and learning.                   Fixed term full-time                                           1.1          2.1

                                                                                                                                                                                      Our business
                        •   Integration of diversity and inclusion into how we think          Fixed term part-time                                           0.1          0.0
                            about and develop talent, including specific, diverse talent      Casual                                                         0.6          0.2

                                                                                                                                                                                         in 2024
                            segments, and inclusive talent practices.                         External/temporary                                             6.7      11.9
                                                                                              employee/contractors
                        Culture
                        Deliver a customer obsessed culture where it is simple               Source: Workforce distribution based on headcount as at
                                                                                             30 September 2024. Due to rounding, figures may not sum to 100%.
                        to get things done. With customer obsession, context




                                                                                                                                                                                        Creating value
                        and connection as the primary ambition, key outcomes




For personal use only
                        of simplification, velocity, performance, collaboration, and         Chart 1: Workforce distribution by geographic region
                                                                                                                             1.0%
                        inclusion will also be prioritised. This pillar will oversee the
                                                                                                                     7.9%
                        delivery of a:
                        •   Customer obsessed culture.                                                       14.5%

                        •   Greater connection with customer purpose and impact.
                        •   Simplification of tools, systems, and processes to
                            enable delivery velocity and improve colleague and
                            customer experience.
                        •   Transformation of colleagues into our strongest                                                                       76.6%
                                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate
                            brand ambassadors.                                                                                                                                       Governance
                                                                                                                                                                                      Statement
                        •   New data and reporting maturity to benchmark and
                            measure our customer obsessed culture.                               Australia                          Asia
                                                                                                  New Zealand                   UK, USA and Europe
                        Leaders                                                              Source: Workforce distribution figures based on permanent headcount
                        Build world standard leaders who inspire and support                 as at 30 September 2024. Due to rounding, figures may not sum to 100%.
                        colleague performance. This pillar will focus on:

                                                                                                                                                                                         Risk
                                                                                             Chart 2: Group total colleague turnover
                        •   Driving consistency in our customer obsessed
                            leadership behaviours.

                                                                                                                                                                                      management
                                                                                                             11.8%
                                                                                                                                                          10.1%    9.6%
                        •   Building a distinct leadership capability framework to
                            unlock potential and performance in colleagues across our          15.8%                        14.4%      15.5%
                            diverse and global workforce.
                        •   Delivering a tailored leadership curriculum to build
                                                                                                2019          2020           2021          2022           2023     2024
                            upon the foundations laid through the investment in

                                                                                                                                                                                        Report of
                            Distinctive Leadership.

                        Colleague strategy execution
                                                                                                                                                                                      the Directors
                        In the execution of our Colleague Strategy in 2024, we:
                        •   Invested in developing leaders at all levels with a mix of
                            learning programs and coaching support (refer to page
                            32).




                                                                                                                                                                                        Financial report
                        •   Made progress against our Inclusion and Diversity
                            Framework (refer to page 33).
                        •   Ensured a safe and healthy working environment where
                            colleagues can thrive and work with a strong sense of
                            purpose (refer to page 37).
                        •   Continued our colleague-centric and future-focused
                            People and Culture technology transformation program
                            (refer to page 37).

                        Workforce composition
                        NAB's workforce is made up of more than 38,000 colleagues                                                                                                      Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                      information
                        globally. About 91% of the workforce are in Australia and New
                        Zealand, while others work in Asia, London, New York and
                        Paris. Over the last year, NAB India and NAB Vietnam have
                        continued to grow, with more than 4,200 colleagues now


                                                                                                                                                     2024 Annual Report         31
                        Colleagues (cont.)




                        Leadership capability
                        NAB understands great leaders create great culture. Leaders             and Trade sanctions, Fraud and scams), Financial Crime
                        improve colleague engagement, customer outcomes and                     Threats and Vulnerabilities training (for colleagues in
                        overall performance. We develop leaders and colleagues who              high risk roles), and Cyber Safety training (this may
                        are clear, capable and motivated.                                       include topics such as protecting customer and corporate
                        We have invested in developing leaders at all levels with               information, NAB’s safeguards, evolving threats and the
                        a mix of learning programs and coaching support to help                 Group Information Risk Policy attestation).
                        leaders apply knowledge and embed leadership practices and              NAB’s Risk, Conduct and Compliance training also includes
                        behaviours in their teams.                                              the Code of Conduct which all colleagues are required to
                                                                                                attest to so that we are all making good decisions, serving
                        Organisation wide priorities to sustainably improve leadership          our customers well and helping our communities prosper.
                        and capability include:                                                 In addition to the mandatory courses assigned to existing
                        •    Distinctive Leadership: Our signature leadership program           colleagues, all new to bank colleagues and contractors are
                             builds strong leadership disciplines to inspire performance.       also required to complete mandatory training relating to
                             As of September 2024, 91.8% of leaders have completed              Inclusive Banking, Indigenous Cultural Awareness, Health,
                             the program. Since 2023, the Distinctive Leadership                Safety and Wellbeing and Emergency Management. This
                             (DL) experience was made available to all colleagues               training is required to be completed within a 30-to-90-
                             through digital learning modules, enabling the extension           day timeframe.
                             of disciplines in support of colleague and customer                Timely completion of assigned regulatory training across




For personal use only
                             outcomes. Typically, leaders who have completed DL                 the Enterprise is actively monitored. Failure to complete
                             receive higher scores from their teams on Heartbeat                regulatory training within the defined completion time
                             surveys (37 out of 49 items), including Purpose (+5),              frame is managed in line with NAB’s Conduct Management
                             Belonging (+5), eSat (+4), and Psychological Safety (+4).          Framework to ensure consequences for late or non-
                        •    People Leader Fundamentals: People Leader                          completion of regulatory training are appropriately applied
                             Fundamentals (PLF) helps leaders navigate processes,               and governed.
                             systems, and policies. PLF provides a structured, self-        •   Career Qualified in Banking (CQIB): Reinforces the
                             directed pathway for leaders and sits alongside DL as a tool       Group’s emphasis on colleague development, industry
                             to support leader development.                                     professionalism and serving customers well. The key
                        •    New Leader Pathway: This is a six month structured                 program delivered by CQIB is the Professional Banking
                             learning experience designed to help new-to-bank and               Fundamentals qualification, delivered in partnership with
                             new-to-role leaders to embed Distinctive Leadership and            Financial Services Institute of Australasia (FINSIA). Since the
                             People Leader Fundamentals practices and behaviours.               program commenced in 2021, we have enrolled over 21,800
                             Launched in May 2024, leaders experience a blended                 colleagues and delivered more than 15,900 graduations.
                             learning journey which consists of facilitated modules,        •   Digital Learning Opportunities: The approach to digital
                             applied learning tasks, digital self-serve learning and            learning has been simplified and permanent and fixed
                             support materials.                                                 term colleagues now have access to global digital learning
                                                                                                through Udemy Business to develop skills for current role,
                        Colleague capability                                                    future career pathways and personal areas of interests.
                        NAB is committed to building colleague skills and capabilities      •   Global Tech Academy: The Tech Academy exists to
                        that are crucial to delivering a great customer experience,             build a pipeline of digital skills, with a vision to realise
                        meeting regulatory expectations and creating value for                  standardisation across colleagues in Technology related
                        our shareholders.                                                       roles. The Academy provides colleagues with career
                        We have invested in developing colleague capability through             development delivered through curated learning paths
                        both organisational-wide and targeted role specific learning,           across Australia, Vietnam and India. Continued investment
                        regulatory learning and development activities including:               throughout 2024 includes the NAB Cloud Guild, and
                                                                                                SheBuilds, resulting in over 1,400 women having the
                        •    Managing Risk: At NAB, we expect all our colleagues
                                                                                                opportunity to learn and develop their cloud skills and
                             to play an active role in managing risks to protect our
                                                                                                increase their career opportunities.
                             customers, colleagues, and business in line with NAB’s Code
                             of Conduct requirements. All existing colleagues, new to       •   Assessing Capability: In 2024, a Capability Assessment
                             bank colleagues, and external contractors (which includes          tool was piloted, allowing colleagues to critically assess
                             external consultants, outsource providers (onshore and             themselves against their role expectations, to support
                             offshore) and Agency Temps) are required to complete               growth and career progression. Data collected from
                             all regulatory learning assigned. This learning is mandatory       this tool informed the identification of strengths for
                             and supports compliance with our regulatory requirements,          workforce planning.
                             laws or industry codes and keeps at front of mind key          •   Inclusive Banking: Inclusive Banking training was delivered
                             critical risks that NAB faces.                                     to front-line and new-to-bank colleagues to help build
                             All existing colleagues and contractors are required               capability around how to identify vulnerability and support
                             to complete annual training courses within 60 days of              customers in their time of need. This was aligned with
                             assignment. These courses include, Risk, Conduct and               our increased focus on customer centricity in challenging
                             Compliance training (this may include topics such as               economic conditions.
                             Engaging with customers and communities, Supporting            •   Product Owners: Product Owners are the voice of
                             customers, External risk factors, How we work, Conflicts           customers and colleagues, with more than 500 team
                             of interest, Information and data management and Anti-             members in this role across the business. They have been
                             competitive conduct), Financial Crime Risk Awareness               prioritised for targeted capability build as part of the
                             training (this includes Anti-Money Laundering, Counter             Group Strategy refresh, as these colleagues are critical in
                             Terrorism Financing, Anti-Bribery and Corruption, Economic



                        32     National Australia Bank
                        Colleagues (cont.)




                             identifying and unlocking the best features and outcomes                            intersectional identities of our colleagues and customers. The
                             for customers across the bank.                                                      three pillars of the I&D Strategy Framework are:


                                                                                                                                                                                                              About
                        •    Climate: In 2023, we launched the NAB Climate Learning                              1. Inclusive leadership: Leaders are visible in their work
                             Series, a partnership with Melbourne Business School’s                                 towards inclusion and actively build diversity in teams. They
                             Centre for Sustainability and Business, to better equip
                                                                                                                                                                                                           this report
                                                                                                                    role model How We Work in their everyday actions and
                             frontline bankers with climate knowledge and confidence                                ensure systems are inclusive and accessible to all.
                             to support our customers decarbonise and transition.                                2. Inclusive workplace: A culture which actively promotes
                             The series comprises four foundational climate learning                                and leverages team diversity, flexibility and wellbeing. An
                             programs which provide colleagues with subject matter                                  environment where all colleagues feel they can contribute
                             expertise and insights. For more information refer to NAB's                            to their full potential.
                             2024 Climate Report.

                                                                                                                                                                                                           Our business
                                                                                                                 3. Customer inclusion: Colleagues who take pride in
                        •    Banking Simulation: Piloted a program to uplift colleagues'                            understanding the needs of customers by ensuring they
                             customer, banking and business acumen to help drive

                                                                                                                                                                                                              in 2024
                                                                                                                    can access information, services and products with ease.
                             better informed, quality decisions with care for customers
                             and returns for shareholders as core motivators.                                    Inclusive leadership
                                                                                                                 In 2024, we continued to empower and encourage leaders to
                                                                                                                 lead inclusively. In line with the framework, we:
                             Employer of Choice Awards
                                                                                                                 •   Delivered inclusive leadership education to uplift and




                                                                                                                                                                                                             Creating value
                             For the third year running, NAB finished in the top three




For personal use only
                                                                                                                     embed inclusive behaviours across the business.
                             of LinkedIn's 'Top Companies to grow your career in
                             Australia', moving up to #2 in 2024. Other independent                              •   Maintained key performance indicators for I&D in the ELT’s
                             recognition include:                                                                    performance plans, which are linked to remuneration.
                                                                                                                 •   Developed and delivered on divisional I&D plans owned
                             •   #2 on Prosple’s Top 100 Australian Graduate
                                                                                                                     by Group Executives, which include targeted actions
                                 Employers representing #1 in the Banking and
                                                                                                                     and emphasise the leader-led approach to inclusion
                                 Finance Industry.
                                                                                                                     and diversity.
                             •   #2 on the Australian Association of Graduate
                                 Employers Top 25 list (Large Program) as                                        NAB's I&D Policy includes a requirement for the Board to set
                                 determined by graduates. The highest of the major                               measurable objectives for achieving inclusion and diversity                               Corporate
                                                                                                                 which, together with progress on the framework, is assessed
                                 Australian banks.
                                                                                                                 and reported on at least annually. The I&D Policy is available on                        Governance
                                                                                                                 our website at nab.com.au/about-us/corporate-governance.                                  Statement
                                                                                                                 The ELT has direct accountability for the execution of the
                        Engagement                                                                               framework. All leaders at NAB have I&D goals included in
                        Listening and acting on colleague feedback is critical to                                their annual performance plan. The Board and the ELT's
                        engagement. One way in which leaders engage in colleague                                 ambition is for a workforce that is reflective of the broader
                        listening is NAB’s ‘Heartbeat’ engagement survey. Aligned to

                                                                                                                                                                                                              Risk
                                                                                                                 community and a reputation that attracts and retains the best
                        our Group Strategy and How We Work, the intent of the survey                             diverse talent.
                        is to deepen insights on what drives engagement. As well as

                                                                                                                                                                                                           management
                        culture and leadership, the survey includes questions which                              Inclusive workplace
                        track progress on inclusion, workload, and wellbeing.                                    We take an active approach to building an inclusive and
                        Information from the Heartbeat survey helps leaders address                              diverse workplace, where differences are celebrated, and
                        the needs of their teams and informs NAB’s ELT in identifying                            contributions are valued. Notable activities which supported
                        consistent feedback and areas of improvement across                                      colleague inclusion in 2024 included:
                        the bank.                                                                                •   Gold sponsorship of Women in Banking and Finance, and

                                                                                                                                                                                                             Report of
                        Against a backdrop of stable engagement across corporates                                    numerous events focused on gender equity including the
                        globally, NAB’s average engagement score of 78(1) for 2024 is                                International Women’s Day Great Debate.

                                                                                                                                                                                                           the Directors
                        one point above both the top quartile global benchmark (77)                              •   First Nations representation and inclusion as
                        and our average engagement score in 2023 (77).                                               outlined in NAB’s Reconciliation Action Plan, available
                        Key strengths across the business are the high regard                                        at nab.com.au/content/dam/nab/documents/reports/
                        colleagues have for their leaders as well as how leaders                                     corporate/reconciliation-action-plan-2024-2027.pdf.
                        manage team priorities and provide performance-improving                                     Further information about 2024 activity is outlined below.




                                                                                                                                                                                                             Financial report
                        feedback to their teams.                                                                 •   Maintained platinum status for the Australian Workplace
                        Colleagues identified opportunities for improvement in the                                   Equality Index, the definitive national benchmark on LGBTQ
                        need for NAB to become a simpler place to work and remove                                    workplace inclusion. We support the LGBTQIA+ community
                        barriers which slows down work.                                                              through partnerships with Out Leadership, the Pride Cup,
                                                                                                                     and our Principal Partnership of the Midsumma Festival
                        Inclusion and diversity                                                                      in Melbourne.
                        Inclusion and diversity (I&D) improve outcomes for customers,                            •   Delivery of our two-year Accessibility Action plan including
                        colleagues, and the community. When colleagues feel                                          achieving Disability Confident Recruiter status with the
                        appreciated and empowered to contribute performance,                                         Australian Disability Network.

                                                                                                                                                                                                            Additional
                        innovation and risk management outcomes improve.                                         •   An uplift in leader capability to lead those with disability
                        The Board has endorsed a five-year strategy framework for                                    as well as a focus on self-identification for those with

                                                                                                                                                                                                           information
                        2022-2026 with a key focus on inclusion to support the                                       disability, and those who are neurodivergent.

                            (1) 2024 Heartbeat surveys conducted by Glint, score based on an average of the two surveys conducted in February 2024 and July 2024. Includes Australia, New Zealand,
                                and all global colleagues, excludes ubank, external consultants and outsource service providers.


                                                                                                                                                                         2024 Annual Report          33
                        Colleagues (cont.)




                        •    Providing support to carers including 16 weeks parental                              Progress towards NAB's 2025 Inclusion and Diversity
                             leave for all carers, pregnancy loss leave and carers leave.                         Measurable Objectives
                             The number of men taking parental leave has significantly                            NAB has explicit measurable objectives for gender
                             increased in 2024 to 301, up from 111 in 2023. Men now                               representation, gender pay gap and workplace inclusion.
                             comprise 26% of all colleagues taking parental leave. The                            Specific targets have been set to be achieved by 2025, which
                             return-to-work rate(1) across all genders and all Australia                          include reaching 40-60% gender representation at every level
                             colleagues after parental leave was 97.4% , an increase                              of the business, and closing the inclusion gap for those
                             on 2023 (93.6%). NAB monitors this rate and supports                                 from historically under-represented groups. These objectives
                             colleagues to return to work.                                                        represent our current aspirations, with new objectives to be
                        •    Cultural and religious leave which provides up to three                              set next year to better reflect our uplifted I&D maturity.
                             working days of paid leave each year for colleagues to                               In 2024, progress was made on our 2025 I&D measurable
                             celebrate or observe important cultural or religious events                          objectives (refer to Table 2 for more information).
                             and traditions.                                                                      This included:
                        •    Platinum sponsorship of the Asian Leadership Project’s 2024                          •   Improved gender representation, with gender balance
                             Asian Leadership Summit.                                                                 achieved for Executive Leadership Team, Board and
                        NAB’s colleague-led Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)                                           Subsidiary Boards. Progress has also been made at Group
                        support the improvement of our colleagues' experiences,                                       5 (now 39% women), however, Group 4 has remained stable
                        foster inclusion and build community. NAB has five                                            year-on-year (39%) and Group 6 has decreased by 2% in 2024
                        ERGs: Cultural Inc, First Nations Walking Together, NABility,                                 (to 35% women). Significant increases in representation of




For personal use only
                        Gender Equity and NAB Pride who work together to build                                        women at Groups 4, 5 and 6 will be needed in 2025, in order
                        inclusion for all NAB colleagues and their unique identities.                                 to meet targets at all levels. We are committed to equitable
                        Visit nab.com.au/about-us/careers/inclusion-diversity for                                     hiring, promotion and succession processes, focused on
                        more information.                                                                             the development of future talent.
                                                                                                                  •   A reduction in the average gender pay gap to 15.1%,
                        Inclusion for First Nations Australians
                                                                                                                      down from 15.8%(4) in 2023. This was driven by an
                        This year, NAB strengthened our commitment to First                                           increase in representation of women in middle to senior
                        Nations inclusion by fostering a more supportive,                                             leadership roles. Driving greater representation of women
                        respectful workplace. Through cultural immersion, leadership                                  in leadership roles across all areas of the bank is one of the
                        development, and meaningful community partnerships, we’ve                                     most sustainable ways to reduce the gender pay gap, and
                        worked to elevate First Nations voices, with a focus on                                       a key priority for NAB. NAB's WGEA gender pay gap report
                        ongoing inclusion and growth. 2024 initiatives included:                                      can be accessed at nab.com.au/about-us/sustainability/
                        •    99.85% of Australian colleagues successfully completing                                  customer-community-support/gender-equity.
                             NAB’s First Nations Cultural e-learn, after it was refreshed                         •   An increase in inclusion scores for all historically under-
                             and included as mandatory learning in 2023.                                              represented groups. However, there is more work to be
                        •    Hosting a First Nations Forum under the theme “Voices of                                 done to reduce the gap between the experience of these
                             Our People: Empowering Growth.” The forum’s objective was                                colleagues and other colleagues.
                             to nurture development within NAB by amplifying diverse
                             perspectives and fostering both personal and professional                            Anti-harassment and discrimination
                             growth for First Nations colleagues.                                                 NAB maintains a zero-tolerance approach to all forms of
                        •    Continued support for employment pathways at all levels                              discrimination, harassment, including sexual harassment, sex-
                             for First Nations Australians, including entry-level positions                       based discrimination and workplace bullying. We strive to
                             through the First Nations intern and trainee programs. In                            fulfil our responsibility to both respond to and prevent
                             the past 12 months 15 intern and 32 trainee positions have                           harassment of any kind. Following the Respect@Work
                             been provided.                                                                       legislative updates, NAB completed an extensive gap analysis
                                                                                                                  using the Australian Human Rights Commission’s Good Practice
                        •    Ongoing 10x10 partnership(2) with CareerTrackers to provide
                                                                                                                  Indicators Framework which forms the basis of its prevention
                             steady pathways from the First Nations intern program
                                                                                                                  and response plan. We have clear outcomes and measures
                             to NAB’s graduate program. This partnership has been
                                                                                                                  in leadership, culture, training, risk management, support,
                             instrumental in building sustainable career pathways for
                                                                                                                  reporting, monitoring, and evaluation.
                             First Nations Australians within NAB.
                                                                                                                  Consultation on the updated ‘Discrimination, Harassment,
                        •    NAB measures the inclusion experience for colleagues who
                                                                                                                  Workplace Bullying and Victimisation Guidelines’ was
                             identify as Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander annually
                                                                                                                  conducted with NAB’s National Safety Committee and with all
                             through the Heartbeat survey. In 2024, the inclusion index
                                                                                                                  Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) as well as a broader group
                             score for this cohort was 82, which is 3 points higher than
                                                                                                                  of First Nations colleagues, with feedback being included
                             in 2023(3).
                                                                                                                  in the updated policy. Reporting on sexual harassment and
                                                                                                                  discrimination was presented to all Professional Standards
                                                                                                                  Forums (PSFs), including education on legislative obligations,
                                                                                                                  insights, trends and nature and underlying drivers of sexual
                            (1) Percentage of Employees due to return from paid parental leave of >90 days between 1 October 2023 to 30 September 2024 who have returned and remained working
                                for a period of at least 30 days.
                            (2) A 10x10 partnership with CareerTrackers represents a commitment to an intake of minimum 10 Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander interns annually for 10 years.
                            (3) Inclusion scores are from 2023 and 2024 Heartbeat surveys conducted by Glint. The 2024 data reported were Australia based colleagues who identify as Aboriginal
                                and/or Torres Strait Islander. The 2023 data were globally located colleagues who identified as Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander.
                            (4) The pay gap analysis indicates the mean gender pay gap within NAB’s Australian-based workforce, the reporting period for each year reflects 1 October to
                                30 September of the previous year (e.g. 2024 reflects the period 1 Oct 2022 to 30 Sept 2023). The gender pay gap is calculated by dividing the mean female base
                                salary by the mean male base salary per employment level. It does not separately measure the gender pay gap in equivalent roles. Analysis includes permanent
                                (including CEO salary from 2024 as per WEGA reporting requirements), fixed term, and casual colleagues and excludes contractors. Figures shown are published by the
                                Workplace Gender Equality Agency (WGEA).


                        34      National Australia Bank
                        Colleagues (cont.)




                        harassment and discrimination cases across the business. To
                        support action and 'Tone from the Top', a companion handout
                        for leaders was cascaded to all divisions.
                        The Respect@NAB training module aimed at educating People                                       About

                                                                                                                     this report
                        Leaders about NAB’s legislative obligations and fostering an
                        environment which minimises bullying, harassment, and other
                        inappropriate behaviour. It remains a key resource for leaders.
                        Further tools for upstanders and bystanders were enhanced
                        to upskill colleagues and leaders on how to ‘Speak Up’ in
                        the moment and address incidences of ‘microaggression’.
                        A psychosocial risk working group continues to convene
                                                                                                                     Our business
                        every quarter to identify trends and issues, proactively
                        addressing indicators of sexual harassment and other illegal

                                                                                                                        in 2024
                        discrimination, harassment, and bullying.
                        We adopt a complainant-sensitive approach to handling
                        complaints, encouraging speaking up, and promptly
                        addressing any concerns regarding unlawful discrimination
                        and bullying, including sexual harassment. We have




                                                                                                                       Creating value
                        targeted communication to convey ‘Tone from the




For personal use only
                        Top’ and Conduct and Risk awareness training for all
                        employees, and support for People Leaders dealing with
                        harassment and discrimination concerns. Our guidelines
                        on discrimination and harassment can be accessed
                        at nab.com.au/content/dam/nabrwd/About-Us/shareholder-
                        centre/documents/discrimination-harassment-guidelines.pdf.



                                                                                                                     Corporate
                                                                                                                    Governance
                                                                                                                     Statement




                                                                                                                        Risk

                                                                                                                     management




                                                                                                                       Report of

                                                                                                                     the Directors




                                                                                                                       Financial report




                                                                                                                      Additional

                                                                                                                     information




                                                                                          2024 Annual Report   35
                        Colleagues (cont.)




                        Table 2: Progress Against NAB's 2022-2025 measurable objectives
                         Measurable objective                                                                     2022                   2023                  2024              2025 target
                         1. Diverse leadership teams and talent pipelines
                         40-60% gender representation at every level of the business(1)
                         40-60% gender representation on NAB Group Board (non-executive directors)
                         40-60% gender representation on NAB subsidiary boards
                         Representation of women
                             NAB Board (non-executive directors)                                                          38%                   55%                    60%               40-60%
                             NAB Group subsidiary boards                                                                  49%                   53%                    55%               40-60%
                             Executive Management (Salary level 7)                                                        31%                   33%                    42%               40-60%
                             Executive Management (Salary level 6)                                                        36%                   37%                    35%               40-60%
                             Senior Management (Salary level 5)                                                           36%                   38%                    39%               40-60%
                             Management (Salary level 4)                                                                  39%                   39%                    39%               40-60%
                             Non-management (Salary level 3)                                                              46%                   46%                    46%               40-60%
                             Non-management (Salary level 2)                                                              57%                   56%                    56%               40-60%
                             Non-management (Salary level 1)                                                              70%                   68%                    67%               40-60%




For personal use only
                             Total organisation                                                                           50%                   50%                    50%               40-60%
                         2. Fair remuneration – seek to reward people fairly and support the objective of <10% gender pay gap by 2025
                             Gender pay gap(2)                                                                          16.9%                 15.8%                  15.1%                  <10%
                         3. Inclusive workplace culture(3)(4)
                             Women (Difference vs men)(5)                                                       -1 (81 vs 82)         -3 (79 vs 82)         -2 (81 vs 83)                       0
                             People with disability and/or neurodivergence (Difference                         -5 (78 vs 83)          -6 (77 vs 83)         -4 (80 vs 84)                       0
                             vs people without disability and/or neurodivergence)(6)
                             Ethnic minority (Difference vs non-ethnic minority)(7)                             0 (83 vs 83)           0 (83 vs 83)         -1 (84 vs 85)                       0
                             LGBTQIA+ (Difference vs non-LGBTQIA+)          (8)
                                                                                                               -2 (81 vs 83)         -2 (80 vs 82)          -3 (81 vs 84)                       0
                             Carers (Difference vs non-carers)(9)                                              -1 (82 vs 83)          -2 (81 vs 83)         -1 (83 vs 84)                       0
                         (1) Based on the percentage of women in each salary level, calculated using population of permanent full-time and part-time colleagues.
                         (2) The pay gap analysis indicates the mean gender pay gap within NAB’s Australian-based workforce, the reporting period for each year reflects 1 October to
                             30 September of the previous year (e.g., 2024 reflects the period 1 Oct 2022 to 30 Sept 2023). The gender pay gap is calculated by dividing the mean female base
                             salary by the mean male base salary per employment level. It does not separately measure the gender pay gap in equivalent roles. Analysis included permanent
                             (including CEO salary from 2024 as per WGEA reporting requirements), fixed term, and casual colleagues and excludes contractors. Figures shown are published by the
                             Workplace Gender Equality Agency (WGEA).
                         (3) The inclusive workforce culture scores are based off responses to NAB's Heartbeat survey conducted in July 2024 (2024 score), July 2023 (2023 score) and August 2022
                             (2022 score). The methodology was revised in 2022 to measure the differences on an inclusion score, based on a combined response to three questions: 1. 'I feel
                             comfortable being myself at work'. 2. 'I am treated with respect and dignity' and 3. 'Regardless of background, everyone at our company has an equal opportunity to
                             succeed'. The table represents the scores for specific historically under-represented groups, with comparisons to the related majority group within the workforce.
                         (4) Employment Groups included in Heartbeat are: permanent, fixed-term or casual colleagues as well as contractors and agency temps across all divisions in Australia
                             and our international locations. Employment Groups excluded from Heartbeat are: External consultants and outsource providers. ubank did not participate in the
                             demographic section of Heartbeat survey in 2024 nor 2023, therefore no ubank data is included in the inclusion scores that are reported for 2024 nor 2023. ubank data is
                             included in 2022 and 2021 inclusion scores.
                         (5) Inclusion score is calculated using responses to questions in Heartbeat survey, with gender of respondents based on how this is recorded in SAP/Workday.
                         (6) Categories were expanded in 2024 Heartbeat survey to include neurodivergence in disability status question. People with a disability and/or neurodivergence are
                             respondents who answered one of: I have disability; I am neurodivergent; I have disability and am neurodivergent.
                         (7) The methodology used in defining ethnic minority in 2023 and 2024 takes into account NAB’s growing international colleague base. 2023 and 2024 ethnic minority
                             and non-ethnic minority calculations only include colleagues from Australia, NZ, UK and US. The ethnic minority group is comprised of individuals whose ethnicity
                             is considered to be an ethnic minority in those included regions. Colleagues based in other regions have not been included in the calculation in 2023 or 2024, as
                             identification of ethnic minority would be different in those regions.
                         (8) Categories were expanded in 2022 to include asexual, homosexual, pansexual and non-binary or other genders. Other categories include lesbian, gay, bisexual,
                             transgender, agender, bigender, another gender, intersex and different identity.
                         (9) Colleagues who selected they spend time providing unpaid care, help, or assistance to family members or others with a disability (including children, adults or
                             older adults).


                        Diversity in supply chain                                                               NAB is committed to expanding the diversity of our supply
                        In 2024, we made progress in promoting diversity within our                             chain. We recognise the role of diverse suppliers in driving
                        supply chain, reflecting our ambition to foster an inclusive                            innovation sustainability and social impact. We will continue to
                        economy. Our efforts resulted in an increase in third-party                             work with our partners to set new targets annually.
                        diverse supplier spend. To reflect NAB's targeted efforts to
                        increase support for First Nations businesses and contribute
                        to their economic growth, NAB's First Nations third-party
                        spend target increased from $5 million in 2023 to $15 million
                        in 2024. The actual achieved 2024 spend is $15 million(1).
                        Additionally, our investments in other diverse suppliers (e.g.
                        Businesses owned by women, people with disability, and social
                        enterprises) was consistent with $1.7 million spent in 2024.


                         (1) Since 2023, NAB increased its resourcing and improved recording and reporting processes on supplier diversity, allowing greater opportunity to identify and capture
                             pathways for spending including Indigenous suppliers. Pathways are diverse supplier engaged directly by NAB (Tier-1 or Direct Suppliers) and engaged through a NAB
                             supplier as a subcontractor (Tier-2 or Directed Suppliers).


                        36   National Australia Bank
                        Colleagues (cont.)




                        Health, safety and wellbeing                                       dialogue on when and how colleagues are likely to be
                                                                                           contacted and required to respond outside of working hours.
                        NAB is committed to providing a supportive and inclusive

                                                                                                                                                                    About
                        workplace, where colleagues can thrive and work with a strong      Taking annual and long service leave throughout the year
                        sense of purpose.                                                  is encouraged to ensure regular opportunities to rest

                                                                                                                                                                 this report
                                                                                           and recharge.
                        Wellbeing Program
                        In 2024, we focused on embedding NAB’s Wellbeing Strategic         Investing in People and Culture
                        Framework. In July 2024, the wellbeing score in Heartbeat          information technology
                        improved +2 compared to February 2024 and +1 above the             We continue to invest in improving our Global Human
                        top quartile global benchmark. The Lost Time Injury Frequency      Resources technologies so we can provide simpler, more

                                                                                                                                                                 Our business
                        Rate has also remained at a low level 0.44, attributed to a        efficient and automated services for our colleagues. In 2024,
                        robust and proactive approach for managing health, safety          we successfully implemented the new Human Resources
                        and wellbeing.                                                     System and upgraded the payroll environment in the US,

                                                                                                                                                                    in 2024
                        The safety management system was further strengthened in           France, United Kingdom, India and Vietnam. This will be
                        2024 to better identify and manage psychosocial and physical       followed by BNZ in early 2025 and, Australia in early 2026.
                        risks. This included the development of new health, safety
                        and wellbeing risk management frameworks, including across
                        our Branch network, along with targeted risk assessments in




                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value
                        areas where there is elevated risk due to the nature of the




For personal use only
                        work undertaken.
                        Health, safety and wellbeing risk management practices were
                        embedded into business processes and a range of initiatives
                        were implemented for customer-facing teams to ensure
                        risks associated with aggressive customer behaviour are
                        effectively managed. Keeping colleagues safe has been a
                        priority given contributing factors in the external environment.
                        Building leader capability to lead for wellbeing has also
                        been a focus area, including development of new tools and                                                                                Corporate
                        resources to help leaders manage workloads and optimise
                                                                                                                                                                Governance
                        work design for their teams. Colleagues also have access
                        to a range of services to support their physical and mental                                                                              Statement
                        health, promoted through an annual Health, Safety and
                        Wellbeing calendar.
                        Professional and timely support is available for colleagues
                        with an injury or illness where there is a work impact

                                                                                                                                                                    Risk
                        through an early intervention approach. To complement this,
                        NAB has enhanced its self-service offering and simplified

                                                                                                                                                                 management
                        processes to empower leaders to better support wellbeing
                        in their teams. Improvements have also been made to the
                        workplace adjustment process to ensure a person-centred,
                        collaborative and solution-focused approach to support
                        colleagues with a disability by utilising a passport system.
                        In addition to supporting colleagues with health concerns, our

                                                                                                                                                                   Report of
                        team of allied health professionals assisted colleagues who
                        experienced domestic and family violence, to ensure they had


                                                                                                                                                                 the Directors
                        access to specialist support services and paid leave. The
                        Employee Assistance Program is available to all colleagues
                        and their families providing ready access to confidential
                        counselling and coaching services.

                        Flexible Working to Support Wellbeing




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
                        In 2024, many colleagues continued to work in a hybrid manner.
                        Where their role permitted, colleagues often split their time
                        between working in a NAB location and remotely. Data from the
                        July 2024 Heartbeat survey showed 82% of colleagues regularly
                        worked flexibly, which helps to create an inclusive workplace
                        and attract, and retain talent.
                        NAB recognises a balance between work and personal
                        life is important to our colleagues and their wellbeing,
                        and that contact outside of working hours should be

                                                                                                                                                                  Additional
                        reasonable. In the lead up to the introduction of the Right
                        to Disconnect statutory obligation in August 2024, guidelines

                                                                                                                                                                 information
                        for all colleagues on ‘Disconnecting at NAB’, were developed
                        and leaders were required to have guided conversations with
                        each of their colleagues to ensure an open and transparent



                                                                                                                                    2024 Annual Report     37
                        Climate change and environment
                        NAB's climate strategy is aligned to our strategic ambition. Climate change is a significant risk to
                        the planet and a major challenge for society to address. Beyond this risk, there is an immense
                        economic opportunity as the world transitions to a low-carbon future. We are working with customers
                        as they decarbonise, adapt and build resilience, while pursuing new climate opportunities for a
                        prosperous future.


                        Climate strategy
                        NAB is seeking to act as a catalyst for climate action                        This section of the report provides a summary of
                        through the financing we provide and the insights we share                    activities and performance in 2024, guided by the Task
                        with customers. This approach is underpinned by core                          Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
                        beliefs including:                                                            recommendations, with detailed TCFD aligned disclosures
                        •    Climate transition can create growth for the economy.                    and an update on our Net Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA)
                                                                                                      interim 2030 sector decarbonisation targets (decarbonisation
                        •    Management of climate transition is core to our business,
                                                                                                      targets), available in NAB's 2024 Climate Report, available at
                             not an adjacency.
                                                                                                      nab.com.au/annualreports.
                        •    Our approach is relationship-led, supported by strong
                             enabling capabilities.




For personal use only
                        •    Sector decarbonisation targets should be science-based.                    2024 Climate Report
                        Our climate strategy aims to maximise the climate transition's                  The Group recognises the increasing level of demand
                        economic benefits for customers, NAB and the community,                         for detailed disclosures on climate-related matters. This
                        and to help achieve emissions reduction consistent with a                       year NAB has prepared its third Climate Report. The
                        maximum temperature rise of 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels                   Climate Report details NAB's approach to climate change
                        by 2100. Since our climate strategy was released in 2022, we                    covering: governance, strategy, risk management and
                        have leveraged our strength as a relationship-led bank, with                    metrics and targets. The Climate Report also includes
                        the aim to support customers to reduce their emissions and                      information about the methodologies we use.
                        finance associated opportunities. Our climate initiatives span                  NAB's 2024 Climate Report is available at
                        our Business and Private Banking, Personal Banking, Corporate                   nab.com.au/annualreports.
                        and Institutional Banking divisions, and BNZ. NAB’s climate
                        strategy also captures our operational emissions targets,
                        which includes our international offices, in addition to the
                        capability of our colleagues to support our customers through
                        the transition.

                            NAB's strategic climate priorities

                                            Supporting our customers                                             Investing in climate advocacy and
                                            to decarbonise and to build resilience                               partnerships
                                            • Funding customer transitions and commercial                        • Progressing climate-related research and thought
                                               opportunities.                                                       leadership including with community partners.
                                            • Supporting customers with their transition plans.                  • Supporting 1.5°C-aligned climate advocacy through
                                            • Connecting customers to carbon capital markets and                    industry associations and memberships.
                                               sustainable investments.                                          • Working with government, industry and community
                                            • Financing and investing in new industries                             stakeholders on public policy that supports the
                                               contributing to the sustainable energy supply chain.                 transition to net zero emissions by 2050.

                                            • Providing measurements, insights and advice to                     Reducing financed emissions
                                               customers to help them understand their climate
                                               transition needs and opportunities to reduce their                • Investing in colleagues, processes and technology to
                                               emissions.                                                           support emissions monitoring and achieving targets.
                                                                                                                 • Member of Net Zero Banking Alliance.
                                            Investing in climate capabilities                                    • Setting sector decarbonisation targets, prioritising
                                                                                                                    emissions-intensive sectors, where there is sufficient
                                            • Investing in colleagues.                                              data availability and quality.
                                            • Investing in data and technology.
                                                                                                                 Reducing operational emissions
                                            • Investing in risk management.
                                                                                                                 • Target: source 100% renewable energy by 2025.
                                                                                                                 • Reducing operational footprint through emissions
                                                                                                                   avoidance and reduction, offsetting residual emissions.




                        38     National Australia Bank
                        Climate change and environment (cont.)




                        Governance                                                                                •   Development and piloting of a digital ESG risk checklist
                                                                                                                      called 'ESG Accelerate' to streamline the process used by
                        The Board retains oversight of ESG-related matters including
                                                                                                                      Corporate and Institutional bankers to assess customer-
                                                                                                                                                                                                             About
                        climate-related risks and opportunities. ESG considerations
                                                                                                                      level ESG risk.
                        are integrated into business strategy, operations and
                                                                                                                  •   Adding a third set of sector decarbonisation targets:
                                                                                                                                                                                                          this report
                        risk management.
                                                                                                                      commercial and residential real estate, and transport (road
                        Ultimate accountability for risk oversight, risk appetite and risk
                                                                                                                      and shipping), into NAB’s enterprise risk management tool -
                        management rests with the Board. The Board is supported
                                                                                                                      Governance Risk And Compliance Engine (GRACE).
                        by the Board Risk & Compliance Committee (BRCC) which has
                        responsibility for oversight of the Group’s risk profile and risk                         The Board was briefed on, and approved, the third set of
                        management. This includes ESG risk, within the context of                                 sector decarbonisation targets.

                                                                                                                                                                                                          Our business
                        Board determined risk appetite.                                                           NAB's approach to climate change, including climate-related
                        The Group’s approach to sustainability governance is                                      risk management, is detailed in its 2024 Climate Report,


                                                                                                                                                                                                             in 2024
                        described in Sustainability in NAB's strategy on page 20.                                 available at nab.com.au/annualreports.
                        The Group’s overall approach to governance is outlined in
                        the Corporate Governance Statement on page 67. Specific
                                                                                                                  Metrics and targets
                        information on ESG Risk-related governance is provided in ESG                             We have developed metrics and targets to track the progress
                        Risk Management on page 57.                                                               against our climate strategy, and to measure and manage our
                                                                                                                  climate-related risks and opportunities. Since 2003, NAB has




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Creating value
                        In 2024, key climate-related matters presented to the




For personal use only
                                                                                                                  focused on operational GHG emissions reductions. As a NZBA
                        Board included:
                                                                                                                  member, we have also set targets for financed emissions
                        •    Our 2023 Climate Report and climate disclosures                                      and certain facilitated emissions(1). We monitor progress and
                             for 2024, including progress updates regarding                                       report on it as part of this commitment.
                             decarbonisation targets.
                                                                                                                  Informed by the UNEP FI Guidelines for Target Setting
                        •    Approval of sector decarbonisation targets and new                                   for Banks, NAB has set sector decarbonisation targets
                             environmental finance ambition disclosed in NAB's June                               for power generation, thermal coal, oil and gas, cement,
                             2024 Supplementary Climate Disclosures.                                              aluminium, iron and steel, transport (road (cars and light
                        •    Risk appetite and related performance.                                               commercial vehicles), aviation, and shipping) and real estate
                                                                                                                  (commercial - office, commercial - retail and residential).                             Corporate
                        •    Updates on the Group’s environmental performance and
                             related regulatory reporting.                                                        Detailed information about NAB‘s sector decarbonisation
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Governance
                                                                                                                  targets is included in NAB’s 2024 Climate Report available at
                        Risk management                                                                           nab.com.au/annualreports.                                                               Statement
                        ESG risks, including climate-related risks, are identified,                               NAB's baselines and targets for its sector decarbonisation
                        measured, monitored, reported and overseen in accordance                                  targets exclude BNZ, which has separately signed up to the
                        with the Group’s Risk Management Framework (RMF)(as                                       NZBA and has set its own sector decarbonisation targets.
                                                                                                                  Learn more about BNZ's progress in its climate reporting at:

                                                                                                                                                                                                             Risk
                        described in the Group’s Risk Management Strategy). Refer
                        to ESG Risk Management (pages 57 to 60) of this report                                    www.bnz.co.nz/about-us/sustainability/reports.
                        for further information on ESG risk management and our ESG                                The following section provides a high-level overview of

                                                                                                                                                                                                          management
                        risk-related capability initiatives, including those for climate                          relevant operational environmental performance and targets,
                        risk. Other climate risk focused initiatives undertaken in                                as well as regulatory reporting. NAB's detailed metrics
                        2024 included:                                                                            and targets relating to operational, financed and certain
                        •    Ongoing development of tools (HomeID and FarmID)                                     facilitated emissions are disclosed in its 2024 Climate Report,
                             which will use climate scenarios to help NAB to                                      available at nab.com.au/annualreports.
                             understand and assess physical climate risk within the

                                                                                                                                                                                                            Report of
                                                                                                                  Operational GHG emissions and relevant
                             mortgage and agribusiness portfolios. Further detail is
                                                                                                                  environmental regulatory reporting
                             provided in NAB's 2024 Climate Report, available at

                                                                                                                                                                                                          the Directors
                             nab.com.au/annualreports.                                                            During the 2024 environmental reporting year, the Group’s total
                                                                                                                  market-based GHG emissions (Scope 1, 2 and 3(2)) were 76,837
                        •    Further training for bankers and credit risk colleagues to
                                                                                                                  tCO2-e (2023: 65,515(3)(4) tCO2-e), after accounting for use of
                             continue to build their capability to understand and assess
                                                                                                                  certified renewable energy. The increase in GHG emissions is
                             customers' exposure to, and management of, climate risk
                                                                                                                  primarily a result of the inclusion for the first time of employee
                             (transition and physical), including their transition planning,
                                                                                                                  commute in the Group's Scope 3 emissions inventory. The




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Financial report
                             as part of the credit risk and due diligence process. Further
                                                                                                                  Group first avoids and reduces GHG emissions associated with
                             detail is provided in NAB's 2024 Climate Report, available at
                                                                                                                  the Group's operational Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions and
                             nab.com.au/annualreports.
                                                                                                                  then retires carbon offsets for residual emissions. The Group
                        •    Further integration of climate risk into NAB’s credit risk                           retired 76,837(5) offsets in 2024. These offsets are a mix of
                             appetite framework.                                                                  Australian Carbon Credit Units (ACCUs) and Verified Carbon
                                                                                                                  Units, as well as offsets BNZ(6) has separately purchased
                            (1) Facilitated emissions attributable from capital markets activity, including loan syndication, bond arranging and US Private Placement.
                            (2) Scope 1 GHG emissions are direct emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by an organisation including on-site fossil fuel combustion and vehicle fleet
                                fuel consumption. Scope 2 emissions are indirect emissions from purchased electricity. Scope 3 emissions relate to all other indirect emissions that occur outside the


                                                                                                                                                                                                           Additional
                                boundary of the organisation as a result of the activities of the organisation. However, the Group’s Scope 3 emissions reported here are operationally-related and do
                                not include Scope 3 emissions associated with the Group’s financing activities. The Group commenced reporting on Scope 3 attributable financed emissions in 2021.
                                Attributable financed emissions are not included in the Group’s operational emissions inventory boundary.


                                                                                                                                                                                                          information
                            (3) In 2024, the Group continued to use a market-based approach as its primary electricity accounting method, having used a location-based methodology until 2023. The
                                Group has retired offsets based on its market-based position.
                            (4) The Group has restated its 2023 market-based emissions number from 64,566 to 65,515 tCO2-e. Market-based scope 3 emissions were restated by 949 tCO2-e to reflect
                                an increase primarily related to corrections in supplier data for BNZ as well as an amendment to a Courier, postage and freight emission factor for NAB.
                            (5) The Group retired an additional 2,030 offsets to account for a restatement of Scope 3 emissions associated with Courier, postage and freight.


                                                                                                                                                                          2024 Annual Report        39
                        Climate change and environment (cont.)




                        through Toitū(1) to meet its Toitū certification requirements for                      primarily in Australia. The key focus of our program continues
                        BNZ operations.                                                                        to be improving the energy efficiency and environmental
                        NAB has previously purchased and maintains a bank of Verified                          performance of the major buildings we occupy giving regard
                        Carbon Standard international offsets, and ACCUs from                                  to the GHG emissions reduction hierarchy. Key initiatives
                        Australian sources with a particular focus on Indigenous-led                           implemented in 2024 included ongoing network consolidation,
                        savanna burning projects which utilise traditional Indigenous                          various LED lighting upgrades, HVAC and lighting optimisation
                        land-practices. NAB intends to continue to prioritise projects                         and occupancy of a new more energy efficient commercial
                        that deliver social value and other environmental co-benefits                          office building in Adelaide.
                        for communities, with a focus on Australia and other                                   In 2014, the Group’s United Kingdom-based operations became
                        jurisdictions where NAB has a significant presence. The                                subject to the Energy Savings Opportunities Scheme (ESOS),
                        Group's Australian operations are certified under the Climate                          introduced by the United Kingdom ESOS Regulations 2014. The
                        Active Standard for Organisations and have been since 2010. In                         ESOS requires mandatory energy assessments (audits) of an
                        New Zealand, BNZ has been a Toitū(1) net carbonzero certified                          organisation's buildings and transport to be conducted every
                        organisation since 2022. JBWere NZ has been a Toitū net                                four years. The Group's London Branch has submitted its ESOS
                        carbonzero certified organisation since 2021(2).                                       energy efficiency assessment in June 2024 as required. Due to
                                                                                                               having moved our London office into a new energy efficient
                        National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act disclosures                               commercial building(5) in 2019 only four small energy efficiency
                        The Group’s operations are subject to the National                                     opportunities were identified. Additional ESOS obligations were
                        Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007 (Cth) (NGER Act).                             introduced in 2024, which requires NAB to submit an ESOS




For personal use only
                        This is part of Australia’s legislative response to climate                            action plan for its London Branch by 5 December 2024 and
                        change. The NGER Act requires the Group to report on an                                to annually report to the UK Environment Agency on the plan's
                        environmental reporting year (1 July to 30 June), therefore, all                       progress. The plan is required to outline the Group’s strategy
                        of the Group's energy and GHG emissions reporting is aligned                           for improving energy efficiency over the current compliance
                        to this reporting period.                                                              period, which runs until 5 December 2027. Key actions in
                                                                                                               the plan will include improvements to lighting controls and
                        The Group’s Australian vehicle fleet and building-related
                                                                                                               adjustments to setpoints for heating and cooling systems and
                        net energy use reported under the NGER Act for the 2024
                                                                                                               the run time of these units.
                        environmental reporting year was 297,880 gigajoules (GJ)
                        (2023: 327,609 GJ), which is approximately 80% of the Group’s                          Additional detail on the Group’s environmental and climate-
                        measured total net energy use. The associated total GHG                                related performance is provided in the 2024 Sustainability
                        emissions from fuel combustion (Scope 1) and from electricity                          Data Pack available at nab.com.au/annualreports and in NAB's
                        use (Scope 2) were 51,494 tCO2-e (2023: 60,354 tCO2-e).                                2024 Climate Report, which contains information on the
                                                                                                               methodologies used by the Group to calculate GHG emissions.
                        Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting                                                Refer to our website(6) for further information.
                        The Group is voluntarily reporting data required for the
                        Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR) requirements
                        which are implemented through the Companies (Directors’
                        Report) and Limited Liability Partnerships (Energy and Carbon
                        Report) Regulations 2018 (United Kingdom) in NAB's 2024
                        Climate Report. The Group's United Kingdom-based (London
                        Branch) energy use(3) reported, and aligned to the SECR for
                        the 2024 environmental reporting year was 497,665 KWh (2023:
                        543,941 KWh). The associated total gross GHG emissions from
                        fuel combustion (Scope 1) and from electricity use(4) (Scope 2)
                        were 102 tCO2-e (2023: 111 tCO2-e). This equates to 199 KWh and
                        0.04 tCO2-e per metre squared of property space occupied
                        by the Group's London Branch. Further London Branch and
                        Group energy and GHG emissions data is provided in NAB's 2024
                        Climate Report, available at nab.com.au/annualreports.

                        Operational energy efficiency
                        The Group continues to implement an energy efficiency
                        program, including energy efficiency opportunity assessments
                        and sustainable building design. This helps produce GHG
                        emissions reductions and contributes to the delivery of the
                        Group's climate change strategy and targets. From 1 July 2006
                        to 30 June 2024, the Group identified and recorded a total of
                        1,339 energy efficiency and renewable energy opportunities,

                         (6) BNZ is a Toitū net carbon zero certified organisation. This voluntary carbon certification programme requires adherence to a set of standards and rules on an annual
                             basis, focusing on measuring and reducing greenhouse gas emissions according to International Organization for Standardization 14064-1: 2018 standards.
                         (1) Toitū Envirocare is the wholly-owned subsidiary of Manaaki Whenua – Landcare Research, a New Zealand Government-owned Crown Research Institute. They provide
                             Toitū carbonreduce, Toitū net carbonzero and Toitū enviromark programmes and certifications for businesses in New Zealand and many countries globally.
                         (2) JBWere NZ was certified on 13 February 2024. The certification is valid until 29 November 2025. NAB completed the disposal of its New Zealand wealth businesses on
                             30 April 2024 from which point JBWere NZ ceased to be part of NAB's operational emissions boundary.
                         (3) The Group's energy use and GHG emissions reported voluntarily in alignment with SECR requirements are associated with building-related gas and electricity use only.
                             The Group does not have a vehicle fleet associated with its United Kingdom operations.
                         (4) 100% of the Group's United Kingdom-based (London Branch) electricity is renewable electricity.
                         (5) The Scalpel Building which NAB occupies has a BREEAM ‘Excellent’ certificate. The Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment Methodology (BREEAM) is
                             the methodology which sets the world standard for rating systems of building and works as an environmental assessment method.
                         (6) Refer to 'How we calculate our carbon emissions' on nab.com.au/about-us/social-impact/environment/climate-change.


                        40   National Australia Bank
                        Climate change and environment (cont.)




                        Nature and biodiversity
                        NAB is taking a customer-focused approach to the                                            Case Study: Farming for the Future (FftF)
                                                                                                                    research findings
                                                                                                                                                                                                          About
                        management of nature-related opportunities, risks, impacts
                        and dependencies. Consistent with most sustainability                                       The FftF research program seeks to build a national

                                                                                                                                                                                                       this report
                        matters, our most significant impacts and dependencies are                                  ‘natural capital data and economic insights repository’.
                        associated with our customers.                                                              It is intended to provide actionable insights accessible
                        In 2024, our nature and biodiversity-related activities are                                 to producers and their advisors to identify potential
                        reported using the Taskforce for Nature-related Financial                                   profitability and other benefits from targeted
                        Disclosures (TNFD) pillars of governance, strategy, risk                                    investment in the natural capital of their farms.
                        management, and metrics and targets.                                                        The multi-year program is creating the first national-

                                                                                                                                                                                                       Our business
                        We are monitoring and engaging with standard setters on                                     scale, evidence base of on-farm natural capital
                        emerging nature-related disclosures, and we have voluntarily                                and its relationship to business performance on


                                                                                                                                                                                                          in 2024
                        included a TNFD index within our Sustainability Data pack as we                             Australian farms.
                        build maturity in our approach.                                                             Results published in May 2024 confirmed potential
                                                                                                                    benefits such as increased productivity, profitability
                        Nature-related governance                                                                   and resilience are the most compelling motivation for
                        Role of Board and committees                                                                producers to invest in natural capital.




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Creating value
                        The Board retains oversight of ESG-related matters including                                Analysis indicates natural capital is positively correlated




For personal use only
                        nature-related risks and opportunities. ESG considerations are                              with production efficiency, gross margin and earnings
                        integrated into business strategy, operations and risk                                      before interest and tax (EBIT).
                        management.                                                                                 The research also demonstrated natural capital can
                        Ultimate accountability for risk oversight, risk appetite and risk                          confer livestock businesses with increased levels of
                        management rests with the Board. The Board is supported by                                  resilience in the face of both climate and market shocks
                        the BRCC which has responsibility for overseeing the Group’s                                – delivering increased stability on EBIT for livestock
                        risk profile and risk management. This includes ESG risk, within                            operations over the analysis period (2017-2022).
                        the context of Board determined risk appetite.                                              NAB recognises the importance of supporting farming
                        The Group formally incorporates ESG risk, including nature-                                 customers with the knowledge and resources                                         Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Governance
                        related risk, as part of managing ‘Sustainability Risk’, a material                         necessary to make informed and strategic decisions
                        risk category within the Group's Risk Management Framework                                  about their natural capital investments to achieve
                        (RMF).                                                                                      greater productivity and profitability.                                            Statement
                        The BRCC refers all matters of significant importance to the                                The full research findings are
                        Board, making recommendations to the Board concerning the                                   available at https://farmingforthefuture.org.au/
                        Group’s current and future risk appetite, risk management                                   resources/research-report/.
                        strategy and particular risks or risk management practices,

                                                                                                                                                                                                          Risk
                        including those related to ESG risk such as nature- related
                        risks.                                                                                  works and programs which can contribute to our direct


                                                                                                                                                                                                       management
                                                                                                                nature-related impacts.
                        The Board and/or BRCC receive reports on nature-related
                        matters which may include strategy, goals and targets, risks                            Nature-related strategy
                        and opportunities, ESG-related policies and appetite settings,
                                                                                                                In 2024, NAB undertook a number of activities to further our
                        environmental operational performance, scenario analysis
                                                                                                                understanding of nature-related impacts, dependencies, risks
                        and stress testing, nature-related regulatory change and
                                                                                                                and opportunities associated with our operations, customers
                        reporting submissions, and concerns raised by stakeholders.

                                                                                                                                                                                                         Report of
                                                                                                                and suppliers, and to inform our natural capital roadmap,
                        In 2024, key nature-related matters presented to the Board                              which will be released in 2025. This roadmap will build
                        included a Board education session with the Executive                                   on our existing strategy, available at nab.com.au/about-us/

                                                                                                                                                                                                       the Directors
                        Director of the TNFD.                                                                   sustainability/environment/natural-capital.

                        Role of management                                                                      Understanding First Nations customer relationships
                        The Group Executive, Legal & Commercial Services(1)(2) is Chair                         with nature
                        of the Sustainability Council, which is responsible for aligning                        The TNFD LEAP(3) process has been applied to understand




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Financial report
                        activity across NAB and overseeing progress against our                                 NAB’s First Nations business customers’ relationship with
                        broader sustainability goals and targets.                                               nature. This research included engagement with First Nations
                        The Group Chief Risk Officer (CRO) is accountable for                                   customers. Key findings:
                        developing and coordinating the implementation of risk                                  •   First Nations customers have direct interfaces with
                        management strategies and frameworks for ESG risk, which                                    nature through businesses in sectors such as agriculture,
                        includes nature-related risk.                                                               aquaculture, tourism and Caring for Country(4).
                        The Group Executive, Technology & Enterprise Operations                                 •   Like all businesses involved in these sectors, there are a
                        (GETEO), is accountable for our property portfolio, technology                              range of impacts and dependencies on nature.
                        operations and supply chain management. This includes

                                                                                                                                                                                                        Additional
                        managing risks and opportunities associated with capital
                         (1) Effective 1 October 2024, Legal & Commercial Services was renamed to Customer & Corporate Services


                                                                                                                                                                                                       information
                         (2) In 2024, the CCO reported to the Group CFO. From 1 October 2024, the CCO will report to the Group Executive, Customer & Corporate Services. Therefore, certain Climate
                             accountabilities will move to the Group Executive, Customer & Corporate Services from 2025.
                         (3) The LEAP process encompasses: Locate interface with nature. Evaluate dependencies and impacts. Assess material risks and opportunities. Prepare to respond
                             and report.
                         (4) 'Caring for Country' is the Indigenous Australian approach to managing land and water.


                                                                                                                                                                        2024 Annual Report       41
                        Climate change and environment (cont.)




                        •    Impacts include terrestrial ecosystem use, and soil                    In 2024, we assessed the nature-related maturity of 50
                             and water pollutants. Dependencies include climate                     suppliers from sectors considered to have a more direct
                             regulation, surface water and ground water, and fibres and             interface with nature. This analysis was conducted based
                             other materials.                                                       on publicly available documents; therefore, it references
                        •    Businesses involved in Caring for Country have considerably            2023 data.
                             lower impacts on nature. They also have potential                      The results (Figure 3) suggest the maturity of many suppliers’
                             opportunities to enhance nature - for example through                  understanding of, and actions to address nature-related
                             access to nature-related green funds, bonds or loans - or              impacts, dependencies, risks and opportunities, is variable
                             to access new markets through new business models.                     and in its infancy. Overall:
                        We are engaging with a selection of these customers to                      •   58% acknowledged natural capital as a business issue.
                        better understand these opportunities and how we can                        •   44% had set a specific nature-related target (eg.
                        support them.                                                                   water, energy).
                        Understanding customers through nature-related                              •   16% were members of the TNFD Forum.
                        partnerships and engagement                                                 This assessment provides NAB with a basis for determining
                        In 2024, we made investments in a number of nature-related                  how best to engage suppliers to support increased
                        partnerships including:                                                     consideration of nature-related issues.
                        •    Macdoch Foundation Farming for the Future research                     Further detail is contained in Case Study: Complete Office
                                                                                                    Supplies (COS) below.




For personal use only
                             into the relationship between farm natural capital and
                             business resilience.
                        •    Sponsorship of the Australian Land Conservation Alliance
                             (ALCA) annual conference.                                                  Case Study: Complete Office Supplies
                                                                                                        Complete Office Supplies (COS) is NAB's biggest
                        NAB continues to engage on nature through key industry
                                                                                                        stationery supplier, supplying a range of products
                        initiatives such as the:
                                                                                                        including office paper and notebooks.
                        •    Nature Positive – Business Leaders Ambition Dialogue.
                                                                                                        COS's dependencies on nature include the land, water
                        •    Australian Climate and Biodiversity Foundation Nature                      and trees used to produce paper products and its
                             Positive Roundtable.                                                       impacts on nature include the disposal of waste
                        •    Australian Sustainability Framework Initiative Natural Capital             from products.
                             Advisory Group.                                                            As a member of Australian Packaging Covenant
                        •    Responsible Investment Association of Australasia’s Nature                 Organisation (APCO), COS has set a number of nature-
                             Working Group.                                                             related targets, including achieving 100% reusable,
                        •    Business Council for Sustainable Development Australia.                    recyclable, or compostable packaging and phasing out
                                                                                                        problematic and unnecessary single-use plastic by 2025.
                        •    Australian Agricultural Sustainability Framework.
                                                                                                        Through engagement with COS, NAB is aiming
                        Understanding our suppliers                                                     to expand its use of eco-conscious products
                        NAB’s direct operational impacts and dependencies on nature                     which are recyclable, made from recycled content,
                        are relatively low compared to those of our customers and                       environmentally accredited, or sustainable by design.
                        suppliers. Therefore, we are taking steps to work with our
                        suppliers to manage our indirect impacts.

                        Figure 3: Nature-related maturity of suppliers by sector



                                         Transport and storage                25%                   25%                         25%                        25%


                                          Telecommunications           13%                   25%           13%       6%                      38%                      6%


                                    Retail and wholesale trade                                          80%                                                  20%


                                          Property and services                  31%               6%         17%          8%         10%           17%            10%


                                            Energy and utilities                                                 100%


                                  Band 0 - No publicly available nature-related statements                Band 1 - Acknowledge nature/environment is a significant issue
                                  Band 2 - Presents stand-alone actions for nature                        Band 3 - Building internal capacity to understand/assess nature
                                  Band 4 - Assesses impacts and/or dependencies                           Band 5 - Set a high-level ambition or target
                                  Band 6 - Integrates nature into strategy




                        42     National Australia Bank
                        Climate change and environment (cont.)




                        Nature-related risk management                                                              and provide guidance on assessing nature-related impact
                                                                                                                    and dependency.
                        Understanding and supporting our customers
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 About
                                                                                                                    Figure 4 provides an updated version of the 2023 preliminary
                        In 2023, a preliminary assessment within NAB’s lending portfolio                            assessment, which integrates feedback from MBI and provides
                        was undertaken to better understand, assess and mitigate
                                                                                                                                                                                                              this report
                                                                                                                    more detail about the availability of data and the spread of
                        nature-related risks. The assessment was based on the                                       impact and dependency scores across ecosystem services.
                        ENCORE tool(1) and focused on the direct impact, not the full                               It also provides estimated Exposure at Default (EAD) as at
                        value chain, for each sector.                                                               30 September 2024 for in-scope sectors(2).
                        The University of Melbourne’s Biodiversity Institute (MBI)
                        was engaged in 2024 to review the preliminary assessment


                                                                                                                                                                                                              Our business
                        Figure 4: Updated nature-related impact and dependency assessment (Australia)(3)


                                                                                                                                                                                                                 in 2024
                                                                                                                  Impacts                                                 Dependencies

                                                                                                                                                                          Number of H &
                                                                                                                                                                                           Total number of
                                                                                                                                  Total number of                               VH
                                                                            In-scope EAD %                     Number of H &                                                                  assessed
                        Industry grouping                                                                                            assessed                             dependencies
                                                                                (2024)                          VH impacts                                                                   ecosystem
                                                                                             Overall rating                        impacts within       Overall rating    on ecosystem
                                                                                                               within industry                                                             services within
                                                                                                                                      industry                            services within
                                                                                                              grouping (H : VH)                                                                industry
                                                                                                                                     grouping                                industry
                                                                                                                                                                                              grouping




                                                                                                                                                                                                                Creating value
                                                                                                                                                                         grouping (H : VH)




For personal use only
                        Accommodation, cafes, pubs and restaurants                3                                                          Insufficient data
                        Agriculture                                               13              VH                9:9                 28                   VH                1 :13             20
                        Fishing                                                  0.1               H                 6 :3               10                   VH                3:6               18
                        Forestry                                                 0.3               H                3:2                 5                    VH               2 : 10             18
                        Mining                                                    2               VH               81 : 17              101                      H             4:0               11
                        Construction                                              3                H                19 : 4              37                       M             3:0               14
                        Finance and insurance                                     47                                                         Insufficient data
                        Manufacturing                                             5                H               184 : 12            305                       H             0:3               15
                        Health care and pharmaceutical services                   2                M                2:0                 30                       L             0:1               4
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Governance
                        Telecommunications                                        2                L                2:0                 8                        H             0:1               2
                        Energy and utilities                                      4                H               54 : 19              112                  VH                2:6               14

                                                                                                                                                                                                              Statement
                        Property and services                                     6                M                31 : 4              66                       M             2:0               12
                        Retail and wholesale                                      8                M                55 : 1              96                       L             0:2               10
                        Transport and storage                                     6                H                51 : 2              94                       H             4:1               9

                        L = Low; M = Medium; H = High; and VH = Very High




                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Risk
                        Figure 5 provides an overview of the types of nature-related risks we considered in our nature-related materiality assessment.
                        Based on this high-level assessment, we expect that most transition risks may impact the Group within a short to medium time
                        horizon. Acute physical risks are anticipated to potentially impact the Group over the short, medium and long term, while chronic

                                                                                                                                                                                                              management
                        physical risk is anticipated to potentially impact the Group in the long term. Nature-related impacts can manifest across a
                        number of material risk categories including Balance sheet & liquidity, Credit, Compliance, Conduct, Market, Operational, Strategic
                        and Sustainability.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                Report of

                                                                                                                                                                                                              the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                                                Financial report



                         (1) Natural Capital Finance Alliance (Global Canopy, UNEP FI, and UNEP-WCMC) (2023). ENCORE: Exploring Natural Capital Opportunities, Risks and Exposure. [August/2023,


                                                                                                                                                                                                               Additional
                             (2018-2023)], Cambridge, UK: the Natural Capital Finance Alliance. Available at: https://www.encorenature.org/en/data-and-methodology/methodology. Note that this
                             earlier version has since been updated.
                         (2) In-scope sectors broadly align with ANZSIC level 4 codes with adjustments in some cases to better reflect the ISIC industry codes and production processes used in the


                                                                                                                                                                                                              information
                             ENCORE tool.
                         (3) Includes EAD for in-scope sectors in the lending portfolio within NAB for nature-related impacts and dependencies. The sector scope (ANZSIC grouping) is not the
                             same as that used for other purposes, such as financed and facilitated emissions, meaning that EAD figures are not directly comparable. Out of scope industry groups
                             represent approximately 30% of Group total EAD (less BNZ) and are excluded as they are not readily identifiable within the ENCORE tool, which was used to undertake the
                             preliminary assessment.


                                                                                                                                                                                2024 Annual Report      43
                        Climate change and environment (cont.)




                        Figure 5: Types of nature-related risks considered

                            Nature risk       Risk driver         Impact                                               Examples                          Impact time                Impact on
                            type                                                                                                                         horizon (1)                Group material
                                                                                                                                                                                    risk categories
                                              Current and         • Increased reporting obligations and                • Reporting associated                                       • Credit
                                              emerging              associated costs.                                    with TNFD.                      Short Medium Long          • Compliance
                                              regulation          • Increased potential for non-                                                                                    • Operational
                                                                    compliance.                                                                                                     • Sustainability
                             Transition                           • Increased potential capital                                                               Short to
                                risk                                requirements for the financing of                                                       Medium-term
                                                                    nature-intensive sectors.
                                              Technology          • Cost of/investment in transition to                • Replacing plastic               Short Medium Long          • Credit
                                                                    less nature-intensive products and                   packaging.                                                 • Operational
                                                                    services.                                                                                                       • Sustainability
                                                                                                                                                              Medium to
                                                                                                                                                              Long-term
                                              Legal               • Legal action resulting from the                    • Recent legal action              Short Medium Long         • Credit
                                                                    misalignment of public                               regarding                                                  • Compliance
                                                                    commitments and financing                            greenwashing claims.                                       • Conduct
                                                                    decisions.                                                                                 Short to             • Operational




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                             Medium-term            • Sustainability
                                              Market              • Reduced demand for products or                     • Agricultural value                                         • Credit
                                                                                                                         chain deforestation-             Short Medium Long
                                                                    services due to shift in consumer                                                                               • Balance sheet
                                                                    preferences.                                         free targets.                                                & liquidity
                                                                  • Increase in operational costs (e.g.                                                                             • Market
                                                                                                                                                               Short to
                                                                    nature-based inputs).                                                                    Medium-term            • Strategic
                                                                  • Re-pricing of assets or increased                                                                               • Sustainability
                                                                    market volatility during transition.
                                              Reputation          • Financing decisions for nature-                    • Institutional investors          Short Medium Long         • Conduct
                                                                    intensive sectors, or nature                         withdrawing over                                           • Market
                                                                    policies that reduce impacts on                      nature-related                                             • Strategic
                                                                    nature, do not meet customer and                     policies.                             Short to             • Sustainability
                                                                    investor expectations.                                                                   Medium-term
                                              Acute               Increased severity and frequency of                  • Spread of varroa mite            Short Medium Long         • Credit
                                                                  extreme nature- related events could                   impacting bees                                             • Market
                                                                  lead to:                                             • Spread of fire ants                                        • Operational
                                                                  • Changes in the spread of invasive                    affecting livestock,             Short, Medium and         • Sustainability
                                                                    species impacting agricultural and                   native animals and                   Long-term
                             Physical risk
                                                                    natural ecosystem services.                          pets.
                                                                  • Impacted supply chains or end                      • Spread of avian
                                                                    customer markets.                                    influenza affecting
                                                                  • Increased insurance and capital                      wild birds and poultry.
                                                                    costs or operational outages.
                                                                  • Losses due to physical damage
                                                                    and inability to meet customers’
                                                                    demands due to business
                                                                    interruptions.
                                              Chronic             Changes in biodiversity, soil, water                 • Dryland salinity impacting       Short Medium Long         • Credit
                                                                  and air quality and quantity could                     agricultural production                                    • Operational
                                                                  cause                                                  in Western Australia.                                      • Market
                                                                  • Impacts to ecosystems, nature-                     • Forest eucalypt dieback               Long-term            • Balance sheet
                                                                    dependent businesses.                                caused by outbreaks of                                       & liquidity
                                                                  • Impacts to existing assets and                       pest species such as                                       • Strategic
                                                                    valuations.                                          psyllids.                                                  • Sustainability


                        (1) The Group defines short-term as 0-3 years (one business planning cycle), medium-term as 3-6 years (two business planning cycles), and long-term as extending past two
                            business planning cycles (>6 years). The Group considers a longer-term future outside immediate business planning cycles where a variety of uncertain potential scenarios are
                            modelled to assess how risks and opportunities could evolve over longer time horizons.


                        NAB regularly updates and makes improvements to how we                                          due diligence process. These updates were made in
                        incorporate nature-related risk into our Risk Management                                        checklists used by our Corporate and Institutional Banking
                        Framework, policies and processes in response to changes in                                     and Business and Private Banking bankers.
                        science (including the state of the environment), technology,                              Using the International Biodiversity Assessment Tool (IBAT) to
                        regulation, voluntary initiatives and societal expectations.                               assess the location of a sample of NAB customers relative to:
                        In 2024, key initiatives undertaken included:                                              •    International Union for the Conservation of Nature Red List
                        •     Updating risk appetite as part of NAB’s annual risk                                       of threatened animal, plant and fungi species.
                              appetite review.                                                                     •    World Database on Protected Areas such as National Parks,
                        •     Updating the nature-related questions included in ESG                                     protected landscapes or marine areas.
                              checklists used by bankers when they conduct ESG risk                                •    World Database of Key Biodiversity Areas, which
                              assessment as part of the credit risk assessment and                                      are sites that significantly contribute to the global


                        44      National Australia Bank
                        Climate change and environment (cont.)




                            persistence of biodiversity’, in terrestrial, freshwater and   We continue to engage with stakeholders as we further
                            marine ecosystems.                                             develop our approach to managing this risk to nature.


                                                                                                                                                                   About
                        This research provided important insights into the feasibility
                                                                                           Nature-related metrics and targets
                        of undertaking a portfolio-wide assessment of our customers’
                                                                                           Since 2022, the Group has prepared integrated annual reports
                                                                                                                                                                this report
                        interface with nature, in line with TNFD guidance.
                                                                                           encompassing our environmental performance. The data the
                        Managing the risk of deforestation                                 Group collects regarding our direct impact on nature is
                        Deforestation and other forms of land clearing are a key           provided in the table below.
                        threat to biodiversity which requires banks, governments,
                        industry, and landholders to work together to develop               Driver of nature change         Direct impact measure


                                                                                                                                                                Our business
                        solutions. It is one of the nature-related impacts identified       Climate change                  Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions
                        in our preliminary portfolio assessment that affects industries
                                                                                            Land freshwater/ocean           Water use (potable
                        such as agriculture, forestry, and energy and utilities.

                                                                                                                                                                   in 2024
                                                                                            use change                      water withdrawal)
                        If we become aware customers are engaged in, or alleged             Resource use/replenishment      Gross energy use
                        to be involved in, illegal land clearing, the Group reviews
                                                                                                                            Office paper use
                        the matter and takes action, as appropriate, in line with risk
                        appetite and NAB's ESG, Credit and Financial Crime policies                                         Vehicle fuels
                        and processes.                                                      Waste                           Waste to landfill




                                                                                                                                                                  Creating value




For personal use only
                        Additional actions taken by NAB this year included:
                                                                                           Further information about nature and environmental
                        •   Engaging with key stakeholders (investors, customers,
                                                                                           performance targets is contained in the 2024 Sustainability
                            industry organisations, government, environmental non-
                                                                                           Data Pack.
                            government organisations) to further build NAB's
                            understanding of deforestation, availability of data, and      The tools and technology required to understand direct
                            tools to support NAB's management of deforestation-            impacts and dependencies, along with those of our
                            related risk.                                                  customers and suppliers, are rapidly evolving. The Group
                                                                                           continues to seek opportunities to engage with developments
                        •   Exploring how land use change data could be incorporated
                                                                                           in these emerging areas with the objective of establishing
                                                                                                                                                                Corporate
                            within customer records. The outcomes from this analysis
                                                                                           robust, efficient and effective methods to support
                            will be used to inform the feasibility of incorporating this
                                                                                                                                                               Governance
                                                                                           sustainable decision-making.
                            information across a larger number of customers.

                                                                                                                                                                Statement
                        •   Incorporating specific questions on land use change
                            within ESG risk checklists. This includes considerations
                            of whether customer operations include land clearing
                            and whether they have appropriate approvals to support
                            such activity. These checklists are completed by bankers
                            when considering new transactions and conducting annual

                                                                                                                                                                   Risk
                            reviews, when sensitive sectors and when certain triggers
                            and limit thresholds are exceeded.

                                                                                                                                                                management
                        •   Revising standing instructions to our panel of rural and
                            agribusiness land valuation providers to consider the
                            extent to which land clearing activities appear consistent
                            with approvals and/or legislative requirements. These
                            providers are engaged for new or increased lending and
                            at other points in the credit lifecycle and depending on

                                                                                                                                                                  Report of
                            security value.
                        We recognise managing deforestation is a complex and

                                                                                                                                                                the Directors
                        evolving matter requiring further coordinated action in
                        respect of:
                        •   The interplay between supranational initiatives such as the
                            Accountability Framework Initiative and Australian (State
                            and Federal) legislation on vegetation management.




                                                                                                                                                                  Financial report
                        •   Trade restrictions such as the European Union
                            Deforestation Regulation and emerging corporate
                            commitments to procure deforestation-free products
                            within the agricultural value chains, which may present
                            commercial risk for some producers.
                        •   The enabling infrastructure to support landholders
                            who want to effectively engage with this changing
                            operating environment, for example product accreditation
                            and traceability.

                                                                                                                                                                 Additional
                        •   The availability of regular, nationally consistent data on
                            land use change at a sufficiently detailed resolution

                                                                                                                                                                information
                            to allow the identification of activities that may be
                            considered deforestation.




                                                                                                                                     2024 Annual Report   45
                        Technology, data and security
                        Safe, simple and easy banking through technology modernisation
                        Technology is a key enabler for NAB to deliver value to our customers, colleagues, and the community. We are improving services
                        and experiences for customers, delivering cost efficiencies and safeguarding customers against cyber risks and fraud, while
                        innovating for the future.
                        In 2024, we continued to upgrade our technology as we strive to become a more customer-centric, safer, and resilient bank.
                        This will allow us to respond faster and more effectively to changing customer expectations, regulatory requirements, and
                        market dynamics.



                             Governance and accountability
                             The Board oversees and governs strategies and performance of the enablers that are critical to NAB’s business, including
                             technology. The Board also oversees and governs risk management, including in relation to technology, information
                             security and cyber resilience. Throughout 2024, there have been regular updates to the Board and its Risk & Compliance
                             Committee on these topics. To support the Board in its oversight duties, NAB has established a panel of independent
                             advisors to provide expert advice to the Board and Executives on business-led technology modernisation. The Board
                             invested in continuing education for directors during 2024 through multiple technology-related workshops.
                             For further information on governance, refer to pages 80 to 81 and 77 of the Corporate Governance Statement.




For personal use only
                        The themes underpinning our Technology Strategy

                        Customer Advocacy
                        NAB’s 'Customer Brain' is designed to enhance customer experiences through personalisation and predictive analytics. It
                        leverages data and AI to understand and anticipate customer needs, as well as to provide tailored interactions and services
                        across various channels. In 2024, the Customer Brain enabled 336 million customer decisions across 250 million customer
                        interactions. Refer to page 47 for further details.
                        In 2024, we launched NAB Goodies on the NAB Mobile App. This new, personalised loyalty program allows three million Personal
                        Banking customers to earn cashback on everyday spend and better manage their money.
                        To further support customers and small businesses, we launched NAB Gateway to make online payments simple, reliable
                        and secure for businesses of all sizes. NAB Gateway is a state-of the art eCommerce platform for online and virtual payments,
                        which offers a tailored payment experience, same-day settlement, and advanced fraud detection.

                        Simple and Fast
                        We continue to modernise several legacy core applications, including decommissioning a 27-year-old data platform this year,
                        transitioning over 443 use cases from the legacy platform to streamline and simplify how data is stored and used, and provide a
                        better user experience for customers and colleagues.
                        Additionally, we decommissioned 318 business applications to simplify our environment and reduce complexity for our customers
                        and colleagues. This includes continuing to decommission applications that do not form part of our target state environment,
                        which is a key component of modernising our technology.
                        More than 3,000 additional bankers have been migrated to our new Enterprise Customer Relationship Management platform,
                        bringing the total to 12,394 bankers on a new platform that includes real-time dashboards to manage opportunities and
                        appointments and automates manual processes to save bankers' significant time.

                        Safe and Resilient
                        We have migrated more than 84% of our applications to cloud based services to enhance the resilience of our systems and
                        provide a safer, simpler experience for customers, and colleagues.
                        Throughout 2024, the average availability of our essential services was 99.91%.
                        In 2024, NAB is leading in a number of payment service reliability measures, based on analysis of disclosures provided to the RBA(1).
                        NAB has achieved a significant reduction in customer impacting incidents, down 82% since 2018, driven by cloud migration and
                        service improvements.




                         (1) Based on analysis of disclosures provided to the RBA since Q3 2021 among major Australian banks.


                        46     National Australia Bank
                        Technology, data and security (cont.)




                        Privacy management and data ethics                                                   Customer centric experiences powered by NAB data
                        NAB’s transparent, compliant, and ethical collection and use
                                                                                                             and insights

                                                                                                                                                                                                 About
                        of data is key for earning trust with customers and colleagues.
                                                                                                             Generative AI
                        Protecting customer and colleague privacy                                            We have been using AI tools for many years across cyber
                        Our customers rely on us to protect their privacy by
                                                                                                             security, fraud, and financial crime. We are continually                         this report
                                                                                                             developing new ways to use AI across the bank to better
                        appropriately collecting, using, disclosing, and securing their
                                                                                                             support customers and our colleagues.
                        personal information. Our specialist Global Privacy Office (GPO)
                        establishes and governs requirements for NAB’s collection                            Aligned to the Australian Government AI Ethical Principles, NAB
                        and handling of Personal Information, and ensures colleagues                         has implemented several measures to ensure the safe and


                                                                                                                                                                                              Our business
                        across the Enterprise are aware of their accountabilities.                           responsible use of Generative AI, including data security and
                        These are embedded into our ways of working and support                              privacy protocols, ensuring there is strong oversight of AI
                        transparent, fair and compliant use and sharing of personal                          outputs, conducting rigorous testing of AI models and the

                                                                                                                                                                                                 in 2024
                        information of our customers and colleagues.                                         use of our ethical guidelines and protocols to govern the
                                                                                                             use of AI, ensuring it is used responsibly and transparently.
                        Our Data Ethics Framework extends beyond legal compliance,
                                                                                                             In mid-2023, we began our Generative AI journey with six use
                        to consider not only if NAB can use data (legally or otherwise),
                                                                                                             cases which span work with our technology partners and
                        but whether we should. This Framework is supported by a
                                                                                                             internal development, which has leveraged our enterprise
                        suite of Data Ethics Principles that set out how we should
                                                                                                             data ‘lakehouse’ (‘Ada’) which enables us to work from idea




                                                                                                                                                                                                Creating value
                        responsibly use data and guides how data is used in analytics,




For personal use only
                                                                                                             to production on a single platform.
                        machine learning, AI and shared with third parties. These Data
                        Ethics Principles are embedded in a Data Ethics assessment                           With more than 20 use cases being tested across NAB, we
                        process. By ensuring the responsible and sustainable use of                          have identified significant potential benefits including:
                        data, NAB can make better decisions.                                                 •   An 18% uplift in coding productivity following the
                        Data collection, storage, retention and destruction within                               implementation of AWS coding AI for 1,000 of our engineers.
                        NAB is governed by the NAB Records Management Policy                                 •   Faster, more efficient responses to customer needs via
                        Standard. The Standard is supported by a series of Record                                Generative AI tools.
                        Retention Schedules which ensure compliance in record
                                                                                                             •   Simplification of operations processes via summarised
                        keeping obligations across all regions in which it operates.
                                                                                                                 output files. When reviewing large volumes of                                Corporate
                        Throughout 2024, NAB had one notifiable data breach reported                             documentation and unstructured data, experiments are                        Governance
                        to regulators. The GPO provides regular training and guidance                            demonstrating Generative AI can create summaries of
                        across NAB regarding the identification and management                                   the same quality in less time, unlocking immense value                       Statement
                        of suspected data breaches. The Group Privacy Policy                                     for our operational teams to be repurposed on higher
                        Standard sets a minimum requirement from the escalation                                  value workloads.
                        of data breach events where the event is Material and
                                                                                                             Customer Brain
                        GPO intervention is necessary to assess potential harm. In
                                                                                                             Using our data ecosystem and AI, the Customer Brain

                                                                                                                                                                                                 Risk
                        addition, Group Security manages a Major Incident Response
                                                                                                             generates meaningful individualised next best actions to
                        Framework through which all data breaches that could
                                                                                                             truly personalise the customer experience. In 2024, the
                        theoretically hit a reportable threshold are channelled and

                                                                                                                                                                                              management
                                                                                                             Customer Brain has delivered more than 1,000 customer data
                        which is governed by one of several Incident Response Plans
                                                                                                             attributes and 150 next best actions across seven channels,
                        (IRPs), including three for Privacy.
                                                                                                             representing more than 75% of customer interactions
                        Collection and access to customer data                                               in Australia.
                        At NAB, we respect our customers’ fundamental human right                            Examples of customer interactions prompted by the
                        to privacy set out in our personal information collection and                        Customer Brain;

                                                                                                                                                                                                Report of
                        handling practices in a public-facing Group Privacy Policy
                                                                                                             •   Supporting customers through Disputes: Launched this
                        Standard. This policy is either provided or referred to in
                                                                                                                 year, the Customer Brain now delivers eight new and

                                                                                                                                                                                              the Directors
                        all instances in which we collect personal information. The
                                                                                                                 highly targeted, timely and personalised digital notifications
                        policy is a privacy requirement in all jurisdictions with privacy
                                                                                                                 to customers who have disputed a transaction. These
                        laws and details the categories of personal information
                                                                                                                 notifications provide customers with a proactive status
                        collected, the purpose for collection, who this information
                                                                                                                 update at key milestones to provide greater visibility
                        is shared with, and the rights available to individuals with
                                                                                                                 across their entire dispute journey.
                        respect to their personal information. We collect personal




                                                                                                                                                                                                Financial report
                        information such as customers' names, addresses, and date                            •   Updating personal customer details to protect customer
                        of birth to enable us to provide banking services and to fulfil                          safety and meet our obligations: Through the Customer
                        our regulatory obligations. The security of our customers’                               Brain, we have enabled more than one million customers
                        personal information is important to us, and we take steps                               to update their personal details through a fully digital
                        to protect it from misuse, interference and loss, and from                               experience, as part of the Customer Data Refresh (CDR)
                        unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. Customers
                                                                                                                 (1)
                                                                                                                    . This initiative ensures compliance with Anti Money
                        can let us know at any time if they no longer wish to receive                            Laundering obligations, enhances the digital customer
                        direct marketing offers from NAB which will be processed                                 experience and eliminates the need for any in-person or
                        as soon as possible. Customers can request access and                                    call assistance. Only 1% of these CDR notifications have
                                                                                                                 required any assistance of an analyst. The CDR is among
                                                                                                                                                                                               Additional
                        correction of their personal information, including certain
                        credit information at any time.                                                          the top 3 performing decisions by the Customer Brain,
                                                                                                                 reaching 2.4 million unique customers via digital channels.

                                                                                                                                                                                              information

                         (1) The Customer Data Refresh (CDR) Program relates to ongoing customer due diligence of low-risk customers (refreshing customer information).


                                                                                                                                                                   2024 Annual Report   47
                        Technology, data and security (cont.)




                        Keeping our customers, communities and                            with NAB’s risk management framework, including through the
                        financial systems safe and resilient                              escalation of key risk and control issues to management and
                                                                                          the development of treatment plans.
                        Technology resilience                                             We continue to invest in enterprise-wide cyber risk
                        Building on our established cloud foundations and continued       management with a focus on further refining metrics that link
                        technology modernisation, we have delivered significant           to key cyber risks and using a threat and data driven approach
                        customer and colleague enhancements while bolstering              to measure cyber risk reduction.
                        service resilience and seeking to ensure safety amid rising       Information Security is one of our material technology
                        fraud and cyber threats.                                          risks and includes the security risks associated with the
                                                                                          use of third parties that we do business with, or that
                        Cyber security
                                                                                          facilitate business activities. This risk is closely monitored
                        Security threats are becoming increasingly sophisticated and      with regular updates on the threat landscape, security
                        extensive. As a crucial component of Australia's infrastructure   strategy, capability, incidents, issues and progress on risk
                        and economy, we remain a significant target for cyber attacks.    reduction and performance metrics. We have established a
                        We continue to strengthen our security measures to protect        well understood process to identify and respond to cyber
                        our business, customers, and the broader community from           threats and incidents. NAB engages regularly with the Board
                        the ever-changing cyber threat landscape. Over the past five      on this topic, including materials to guide the Board on key
                        years, we have made substantial investments in cybersecurity      decision making requirements and conducting simulations to
                        and technology risk management.                                   test Board and Management’s readiness to respond to a




For personal use only
                        We actively collaborate with government and law enforcement       cyber event.
                        agencies on cyber security. We participate in discussions
                        and simulations designed to better understand the full
                        spectrum of cyber security risks, to enhance defences and
                        improve resilience.
                        Our security strategy aims to strengthen our security
                        foundations and enhance our security capabilities in line with
                        the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)
                        Cyber Security Framework. We regularly engage external firms
                        to independently review and test our security capability,
                        while at the same time, conducting our own simulated cyber
                        attacks on our systems to identify vulnerabilities and improve
                        our defences.
                        The business adopts a collaborative approach to deliver
                        national outcomes that protect businesses and individuals
                        from cyber- enabled crime. In 2024, we established several
                        cyber security partnerships to improve the resilience of our
                        small business customers. This resulted in offers to eligible
                        customers of a free 12 month subscription to cyber security
                        software, cyber security assessments and hands-on support,
                        and advice from NAB specialist security mentors.
                        Cyber security awareness and education for customers of
                        all types remained a priority throughout 2024. Our up-to-date
                        Security Hub at nab.com.au/security features security alerts,
                        articles and practical advice. We also hold cyber security and
                        scam insights sessions for customers through webinars and in
                        person. In 2024, we delivered 95 sessions to more than 13,400
                        customers and community members across the country,
                        bringing the four year total to over 27,300. Throughout the
                        year, we continued to work with the Australian Cyber Security
                        Centre to share and promote practical cyber security advice
                        for consumers and small businesses including for Cyber Month
                        in October.
                        We have further matured our cyber security culture program
                        for colleagues. This includes a phishing simulation program,
                        annual mandatory cyber security training, broad and targeted
                        cyber insights and training sessions, together with a volunteer
                        security champions network to upskill colleagues and
                        disseminate key security information.
                        We are also strengthening our security governance
                        framework, associated reporting and forums to
                        improve visibility, oversight and consistency across our
                        security posture.
                        Our governance structures are designed to appropriately
                        identify, escalate and mitigate security risks. Security risk
                        management and its governance and oversight are aligned



                        48   National Australia Bank
                        Technology, data and security (cont.)




                        Financial crime                                                       Queensland Police Service, as well as partnerships with the
                                                                                              NSW Police Force and Western Australia Police Force, we
                        Financial crime has a devastating impact on our customers
                                                                                              contribute to the national effort to disrupt serious criminal
                                                                                                                                                                       About
                        and our communities. We have zero tolerance for criminal
                                                                                              activity including matters related to national security, human
                        activity and remain dedicated to effectively managing
                                                                                              impact crimes like child exploitation, sextortion, money
                                                                                                                                                                    this report
                        financial crime risk and keeping customers, communities, and
                                                                                              laundering, fraud, scams and cybercrime. We also work closely
                        the financial system safe.
                                                                                              with non-government organisations such as the International
                        We play an important role in the monitoring and reporting             Centre for Missing and Exploited Children (ICMEC), where NAB
                        of suspicious activity and seek to comply with anti-bribery           representatives contribute to the prevention of child abuse.
                        and corruption, economic and trade sanctions, and Anti
                                                                                              Our financial crime intelligence function assessed a range
                        Money Laundering (AML) / Counter Terrorism Financing
                                                                                              of new and emerging threats in 2024, to enhance our
                                                                                                                                                                    Our business
                        (CTF) regulations.
                                                                                              understanding of financial crime risks and prevent our
                        The AUSTRAC EU, entered into in April 2022 to address                 customers being exploited by criminals.

                                                                                                                                                                       in 2024
                        AUSTRAC’s concerns with NAB’s compliance with certain AML
                                                                                              We also collaborated with domestic and international financial
                        and CTF requirements, remains a key priority. Refer to Risk
                                                                                              institutions to share intelligence and insights on particular
                        management on page 91 for further detail.
                                                                                              threats and to discuss how to best mitigate those threats.
                        In addition to addressing regulatory commitments and
                                                                                              We continue to execute on our 2022 financial crime strategy.
                        remediating issues, we are making significant enhancements
                                                                                              While we are making good progress, the nature of the threat
                        to our ability to deter, detect, disrupt and prevent financial




                                                                                                                                                                      Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                              and risk it presents requires ongoing vigilance.
                        crime. This year NAB:
                                                                                              Regulators have increased the scope, complexity and
                        •   Invested in colleagues, data and technology systems
                                                                                              enforcement of sanctions and trade controls since the outset
                            to enhance controls, investigations, monitoring and risk
                                                                                              of the Russia-Ukraine conflict in 2022, including a range of
                            assessment models to strengthen the management of
                                                                                              sanction and export control program.
                            financial crime risk.
                        •   Enhanced its AML/CTF Program and preventative and                 Enforcement by global sanctions regulators remains
                            detective controls (beyond the requirements of the EU) to         significant, with USD 1.5 billion in penalties imposed on
                            better mitigate current and emerging financial crime risks.       companies in calendar year 2023. In this time, we have

                                                                                                                                                                    Corporate
                                                                                              incrementally improved our Sanctions Compliance Program,
                        •   Invested in building core financial crime infrastructure,         implemented a new trade screening program and enhanced
                                                                                                                                                                   Governance
                            laying the foundation for intelligence-led risk management        our controls for the identification and monitoring of high
                            and future innovation.                                            sanctions risk customers.
                        •   Delivered critical financial crime risk management                                                                                      Statement
                            capabilities, including: an enhanced customer risk
                            assessment; sophisticated transaction monitoring and                Scams and fraud
                            expanded coverage across several financial crimes.
                                                                                                The fight against fraud and scams remains a high priority
                        •   Commenced planning for additional enhancements to                   for NAB. During the year, we:

                                                                                                                                                                       Risk
                            be introduced over the next financial year, including
                                                                                                •   Continued to use and refine biometric technology in
                            streamlined case management systems to improve the
                                                                                                    digital channels to help identify fraudulent activity.

                                                                                                                                                                    management
                            efficiency of risk management and investigative processes;
                            as well as ‘dynamic’ intelligence and risk discovery                •   Continued blocking payments to some high-risk
                            capabilities to enable NAB colleagues to make faster, risk-             cryptocurrency platforms.
                            based decisions and help our customer grow safely.                  •   Worked with industry members to expand intelligence
                        •   Commenced experimenting with Generative AI to improve                   sharing to identify and disrupt fraud and
                            the accuracy of financial crime risk assessments                        scam activity.

                                                                                                                                                                      Report of
                            and reduce manual handling time. Deployment of this                 •   Partnered with law enforcement and Government
                            functionality will occur at scale in 2025.                              agencies to target organised criminal groups


                                                                                                                                                                    the Directors
                        •   Provided financial crime training to colleagues the                     responsible for scams and fraud targeting NAB and
                            Executive Leadership team and subsidiary Board Directors                our customers.
                            to support them in their role to mitigate the risk of financial
                            crime at NAB, including on money laundering / terrorism
                            financing, bribery and corruption, sanctions, and scams
                            and fraud.                                                          Quick link




                                                                                                                                                                      Financial report
                        •   Implemented an Anti-Bribery & Corruption (ABC) Compliance           For more information on how NAB
                            Program to manage and mitigate bribery and corruption               protects itself and our customers against
                            risk, with the key requirements of this Program published           financial crime, visit nab.com.au/about-us/corporate-
                            in our Anti-Bribery Policy (the Group’s ABC Policy is available     governance/managing-financial-crime.
                            in the Corporate Governance section at nab.com.au). The
                            focus of the ABC compliance program in 2024 has been the
                            re-design of the Enterprise Wide Risk Assessment, which is
                            expected to be finalised in 2025.
                        We collaborate closely with Australian law enforcement,
                        regulators and government agencies to combat serious                                                                                         Additional
                        and organised crime which impacts our customers, our

                                                                                                                                                                    information
                        community, and NAB. Through our Fintel Alliance membership,
                        Memoranda of Understanding with the Australian Federal
                        Police, Australian Criminal Intelligence Commission, and


                                                                                                                                         2024 Annual Report   49
                        Respecting human rights
                        The Group recognises the fundamental worth of all people                                   Integrating human rights within the Risk
                        by respecting human rights.                                                                Management Framework
                        Human rights are an important part of how people interact                                  Human rights risk is an ESG risk. As a result, it is considered as
                        with each other at all levels, and in all areas of society – at                            part of Sustainability Risk within the Group' Risk Management
                        work, home and in the community.                                                           Strategy and Framework and risk appetite, including our High
                        Human rights were identified as a material area of interest                                Risk ESG sectors and sensitive areas list and sector Credit
                        to stakeholders during our 2024 ESG materiality assessment                                 Appetite Strategies. This is supported by ESG risk assessment
                        (refer to ESG materiality assessment on page 23).                                          in customer and supplier related on-boarding and review
                                                                                                                   processes. Refer to the ESG Risk Management section on
                        Our commitment to respecting human rights is a core                                        pages 57 to 60 for further detail on how ESG Risk (including
                        foundation for our Group Human Rights Policy, the approach                                 human rights) is managed, using a risk-based approach, within
                        we take to ‘How we work’, and our codes of conduct. It is                                  lending and sourcing activities.
                        also a key expectation of a number of voluntary initiatives
                        to which the Group is a signatory, including the Principles                                Human rights risk assessment and due diligence
                        for Responsible Banking and the United Nations Global
                                                                                                                   We aim to proactively identify, assess and address
                        Compact (UNGC). Further information about our approach to
                                                                                                                   human rights risks and impacts which may arise in
                        human rights and a copy of the Group Human Rights Policy
                                                                                                                   business relationships with customers and suppliers, as
                        is available at nab.com.au/about-us/sustainability/reporting-
                                                                                                                   outlined in our Human Rights Due Diligence process, which
                        policies-approach/human-rights-approach.
                                                                                                                   is available at nab.com.au/about-us/sustainability/reporting-




For personal use only
                        The Group contributes to economic and social development                                   policies-approach/human-rights-approach. Human rights risks
                        - which is necessary to underpin the protection of human                                   and impacts can arise from factors such as poor labour
                        rights – through our own operations, the financial products                                practices, modern slavery, lack of FPIC, and improper
                        and services we provide, and the wages and taxes we pay. NAB                               land acquisition.
                        and BNZ provide access to finance for disadvantaged groups,
                                                                                                                   In 2024, NAB undertook a human rights risk assessment as
                        support businesses which generate jobs and economic
                                                                                                                   part of reviewing its understanding of where and how human
                        growth and provide financing for key infrastructure.
                                                                                                                   rights risks could arise. NAB applied the Shift(3) Identifying and
                                                                                                                   Prioritising Human Rights Risks framework(4) and our own risk
                        Exposure to human rights risk
                                                                                                                   management practices when undertaking this Human Rights
                        The Group recognises human rights risk relates to impacts                                  Risk Assessment. The insights from this assessment helped us
                        on people and concerns may arise not only in our own                                       to understand the potential risk of human rights impacts to
                        operations, but also via interactions with external third                                  NAB and will be a key input to our planned refresh of the Group
                        parties, including customers and suppliers. The Group is                                   Human Rights Policy in 2025.
                        exposed to human rights risk through five key channels:
                        banking operations, customer relationships, supply chain                                   In 2024, through our ESG risk assessment processes (which
                        management, private wealth-related services and through the                                form part of the credit risk and due diligence process),
                        communities we serve.                                                                      including media scanning, we identified a small number of
                                                                                                                   customers with potential human rights concerns within their
                        Across these channels, NAB considers the most salient human                                operations or supply chains. Further investigation and/or
                        rights issues(1) to be:                                                                    customer engagement has confirmed some instances of
                        •    Health, safety, security and well-being                                               poor labour practices and/or other potential human rights
                        •    Customer financial resilience and hardship                                            concerns. NAB and BNZ engaged the relevant customers and
                                                                                                                   are closely monitoring the actions they have agreed to take
                        •    Fair and responsible products and services
                                                                                                                   to address the issues, as appropriate. If there is evidence
                        •    Accessibility                                                                         of systemic non-compliance or material ESG performance
                        •    Indigenous rights and inclusion, including Free, Prior and                            issues, including those relating to human rights, this may
                             Informed Consent (FPIC)                                                               result in termination of the customer relationship if these
                        •    Modern slavery                                                                        issues are not addressed.

                        •    Children's rights
                        •    Corruption and bribery
                        •    Diversity and inclusion
                        •    Collective bargaining
                        •    Gender equity
                        •    Technology, AI and data ethics.
                        These issues are considered as part of our risk management
                        practices when determining mitigating actions.
                        Our 2024 Sustainability Data Pack(2) provides an index of NAB's
                        disclosures against key external human rights frameworks
                        and a full list of our salient human rights issues, including
                        references to where they have been addressed in greater
                        detail within NAB's 2024 annual reporting suite.



                            (1) Salient human rights issues are those human rights that are at risk of the most severe negative impact through the Group’s activities or business relationships.
                            (2) Refer to nab.com.au/annualreports.
                            (3) Shift is a center of expertise on the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.
                            (4) Refer to: Business and Human Rights Impacts: Identifying and Prioritizing Human Rights Risks - Shift (shiftproject.org).


                        50      National Australia Bank
                        Respecting human rights (cont.)




                                                                                           •   Report to regulators and law enforcement as required
                            Case study: Human rights in the                                    on possible crime-related activity. In Australia, Suspicious
                            agricultural sector                                                Matter Reports (SMR) are submitted to AUSTRAC, should the
                            The Australian economy relies heavily on seasonal and              investigation find evidence of suspicious activity. In New             About
                                                                                               Zealand, BNZ reports Suspicious Activity Reports (SARs) to
                                                                                                                                                                   this report
                            migrant labour, especially in the agricultural sector. A
                            range of unions, academics, and human rights focused               the NZ Police Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU). Further action
                            non-government organisations and the NSW Anti-Slavery              may be taken, as appropriate, in addition to reporting to
                            Commissioner have raised concerns about potential for              AUSTRAC or the FIU.
                            modern slavery in the Australian agricultural sector.          To assist colleagues to identify indicators of potential
                            In 2018, the Fair Work Ombudsman’s inquiry in workplace        modern slavery, or potential victims, NAB's Financial Crime
                                                                                           Investigations team developed a ‘Human Impact Guide’ (Guide)
                                                                                                                                                                   Our business
                            practices in the agricultural sector found evidence
                            of illegal labour hire arrangements and misuse of              in 2020, with further editions released in 2022 and 2024. There
                            piece rates. Concerns have also been raised in Senate          are a range of ways in which the Group identifies possible

                                                                                                                                                                      in 2024
                            hearings about occurrences of unsafe conditions                human impact crimes - such as modern slavery - including
                            and indentured labour relating to use of Pacific               via analysis of behavioural, demographic and jurisdictional
                            seasonal workers.                                              information, as well as transactional activity. Some indicators
                                                                                           of human impact crimes may be visible to branch staff or
                            These issues present human rights risks NAB considers,         customer relationship managers, whereas other indicators
                            where appropriate, when undertaking its credit risk            may require analysis of the customer's transactional activity




                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value




For personal use only
                            assessment and due diligence processes. ESG risk               in order to be identified.
                            assessment of customers forms part of these
                            processes and involves consideration of customers’             Managing grievances
                            ESG-related performance and how they are managing
                                                                                           NAB's human rights grievance process sets out how human
                            ESG risk, including human rights, in accordance with
                                                                                           rights issues and concerns are investigated and acted
                            exposure-related trigger thresholds and ESG-related
                                                                                           upon. One of the mechanisms provided for the receipt of
                            policy requirements.
                                                                                           human rights-related feedback and concerns is our mailbox
                            Our ESG risk assessment has identified some instances          grievances@nab.com.au. Grievances received in this mailbox
                            of poor labour practices related to use of labour              are referred to the appropriate area for investigation and
                            hire companies. Where risks like these have been               action. To ensure individuals wishing to raise human rights-            Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                  Governance
                            identified, ongoing customer relationship management           related concerns understand the process, our website
                            includes engagement with customers to discuss their            contains guidance, in multiple languages, on how to lodge a
                            ESG-related performance, issues and initiatives. If there      human rights concern. In 2024, we received one grievance                Statement
                            is evidence of systemic non-compliance or material ESG         via the mailbox, which was investigated and determined
                            performance issues, including those relating to human          to not be related to a human rights concern. We also
                            rights, this may result in termination of the customer         received one potential human rights grievance via our
                            relationship if these issues are not addressed.                sustainability@nab.com.au mailbox. An investigation into this

                                                                                                                                                                      Risk
                                                                                           grievance was commenced, but the grievance was withdrawn.
                                                                                           Customer-related human rights concerns may be received
                        NAB also identified a number of instances of possible human

                                                                                                                                                                   management
                                                                                           by NAB directly, or via external dispute resolution bodies
                        exploitation by its customers which were investigated and          such as Courts and human rights and/or equal opportunity
                        reported to AUSTRAC and law enforcement as required. Further       commissions or tribunals. For example, in 2024, NAB received 11
                        action was taken as appropriate. Similarly, in New Zealand, BNZ    new human rights related complaints that were filed in Courts
                        investigated several instances of possible human exploitation      or human rights/equal opportunity commissions or tribunals. In
                        by its customers and reported these to the NZ Police Financial     addition, a further 2 complaints received by NAB in prior years
                        Intelligence Unit (FIU) as required. No instances of modern

                                                                                                                                                                     Report of
                                                                                           became the subject of court or tribunal proceedings in 2024.
                        slavery or human trafficking were identified in NAB’s own          Of those 13 complaints, 10 were made by customers and 3
                        operations or its supply chain.                                    were made by colleagues or former colleagues.

                                                                                                                                                                   the Directors
                        Managing human rights risk - the role of Financial Crime           Colleague concerns regarding human rights are managed
                                                                                           through employee relations processes or via our
                        There is a risk the Group’s customers or other third-parties
                                                                                           Whistleblower Program (refer to Governance, conduct and
                        may use its financial products to adversely impact on people –
                                                                                           culture on page 87). The Whistleblower Program received one
                        including by using the banking system to launder the proceeds
                                                                                           report which triggered human rights, including modern slavery,
                        of human impact crimes such as modern slavery and human




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report
                                                                                           related concerns in 2024. This was investigated by our NAB
                        trafficking. All colleagues have a role in identifying instances
                                                                                           Crime & Integrity Investigations team and it was determined
                        of human impact crime, which involve violation of victims'
                                                                                           that there was no evidence to support the concerns raised.
                        human rights. They are supported in doing this by our Financial
                        Crime teams in Australia and New Zealand.
                                                                                           Participating in industry working groups
                        The Group’s financial crime teams:                                 and initiatives
                        •   Investigate suspected cases of human exploitation              The Group is a signatory to the Principles for Responsible
                            identified through the monitoring they undertake.              Banking, Equator Principles and the UNGC, all of which
                        •   Investigate unusual activity associated with products          incorporate human rights-related principles or requirements.

                                                                                                                                                                    Additional
                            and services identified by Group colleagues (via Unusual       Engaging in industry working groups and forums enables us
                            Activity Reports).                                             to exchange knowledge, learn from peer financial institutions
                                                                                           and other corporates and to contribute to industry guidance
                                                                                                                                                                   information
                        •   Provide training to bankers on red flags which could
                                                                                           in relation to human rights.
                            indicate human exploitation.




                                                                                                                                        2024 Annual Report   51
                        Respecting human rights (cont.)




                        In 2024, NAB attended the UNGC Human Rights Dialogue                                        advice from NAB’s internal ESG specialists and other
                        and participated in a range of industry working groups                                      external sources and experts.
                        including the:                                                                          •   Developed guidance for Corporate and Institutional
                        •    Responsible Investment Association of Australasia Human                                bankers which will be rolled out in early 2025.
                             Rights and First Nations' Rights Working Groups.                                   •   Participated in a modern slavery working group formed
                        •    Australian Banking Association Modern Slavery                                          between the CEC and the NSW Anti-Slavery Commissioner's
                             Working Group.                                                                         Office for consultation on the NSW Anti-Slavery
                        •    Fintel Alliance (an AUSTRAC initiative bringing together                               Commissioner's development of an Anti-Slavery Code of
                             public and private sector participants to fight against                                Practice for the Renewables Value Chain. The Code will aim
                             money laundering, terrorism financing and other                                        to foster collaboration between all organisations, including
                             serious crime, including human impact crime such as                                    financial institutions, involved in the renewable energy
                             modern slavery).                                                                       value chain. Its purpose will be to provide a framework
                                                                                                                    for identifying and managing modern slavery risks in the
                        •    Clean Energy Council's Risks of Modern Slavery
                                                                                                                    renewable energy value chains to which participating
                             Working Group.
                                                                                                                    organisations are linked.
                        Emerging human rights issues                                                            Human rights and AI
                        Human rights issues are being recognised as an integral part
                                                                                                                It is critical to ensure any decision-making which uses AI is
                        of society’s biggest challenges and as a result, they are
                                                                                                                made ethically and with regard to human rights as customers




For personal use only
                        becoming emerging ESG risk issues for companies. Examples
                                                                                                                place a high degree of trust in their banks. Automation
                        of these issues include:
                                                                                                                through the use of AI is an emerging area of focus for banks.
                        •    Just transition to a low carbon economy.                                           While technological change facilitates significant productivity
                        •    Modern slavery in global supply chains for technologies                            advancements, it can also give rise to risks, including those
                             required to assist the low carbon transition.                                      related to human rights. AI systems provide an opportunity to
                                                                                                                improve customer experience and satisfaction when engaging
                        •    Ensuring First Nations' traditional knowledge is respected
                                                                                                                with banking services.
                             and valued as a part of protecting biodiversity.
                                                                                                                In 2023, NAB worked with the Australian Human Rights
                        •    Ensuring human rights are protected and respected in an
                                                                                                                Commission ("the Commission") to develop a Human Rights
                             environment where AI innovation is moving faster than the
                                                                                                                Impact Assessment (HRIA) Tool for banks(1). The HRIA Tool aims
                             regulatory environment.
                                                                                                                to assist banks consider and measure the risk to human
                        Two of the emerging human rights issues that NAB is focusing                            rights posed by AI systems. It is part of practical guidance
                        on include: (i) human rights issues, including modern slavery,                          developed by the Commission to support the ethical use of
                        in the renewable energy value chain; and (ii) human rights and                          AI systems for various sectors and businesses. It aims to help
                        AI application.                                                                         banks implement strategies to address human risks which may
                                                                                                                arise through the use of AI and to support the availability
                        Modern slavery risk in the renewable energy supply chain
                                                                                                                of remedies for any human rights violations. In 2024, NAB
                        NAB's Corporate and Institutional Banking has supported                                 integrated the use of this tool into its data ethics processes
                        renewable energy infrastructure over many years. Through                                for AI. Our data ethics assessment process includes various
                        the application of our ESG risk assessment process we have                              human rights specific questions related to more general
                        identified the potential for modern slavery issues in the                               data use cases and as well as in our risk assessment when
                        renewable energy supply chain. This is widely acknowledged by                           considering use of AI tools.
                        the sector. In November 2022, the Clean Energy Council (CEC)
                        in conjunction with Norton Rose Fulbright published a report                            Modern Slavery
                        titled ‘Addressing Modern Slavery in the Clean Energy Sector’                           The Group's annual Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking
                        on risks and challenges in the renewables supply chain to                               Statement is made available on our website(2). It outlines
                        raise awareness and help its members to develop strategies                              what we have done to manage modern slavery and human
                        and processes to address the issue.                                                     trafficking risk in the Group's operations and supply chain. The
                        Based on our engagement with customers participating                                    Group has reported against the UK Modern Slavery Act since
                        in the renewable energy value chain, we have seen                                       2016, and the Australian Modern Slavery Act since 2020.
                        significant collaboration taking place across the renewable                             Highlights covered in our 2024 Statement included:
                        energy industry globally to address the issue of modern
                                                                                                                •   Reviewing and refreshing our ESG Risk Checklists,
                        slavery. The challenges are complex, particularly as they
                                                                                                                    particularly the human rights questions. NAB's Corporate
                        involve supply chains, and will take time to resolve but
                                                                                                                    and Institutional Banking team also developed and
                        increasing transparency and willingness of customers to
                                                                                                                    commenced piloting a digitised version of the ESG Risk
                        acknowledge issues and implement strategies to reduce and
                                                                                                                    Checklists used by that Division ("called ESG Accelerate"),
                        eliminate modern slavery risks will contribute to a just low
                                                                                                                    with input from our Risk and Client Management and
                        carbon transition.
                                                                                                                    Execution teams. A pilot of this new format for ESG risk
                        In 2024, NAB:                                                                               assessment commenced in late 2024. Moving to a digitised
                        •    Completed its review of modern slavery risk in the                                     format will assist capture of customer-related ESG data
                             renewable energy sector. NAB engaged with a range                                      to enhance both customer and portfolio level ESG risk
                             customers and referred to a range of external guidance,                                assessment. BNZ also reviewed and updated ESG guidance,
                             including information provided in the CEC Report and                                   checklists, and processes for frontline Corporate and
                             by other international renewable energy industry bodies,                               Institutional Banking colleagues. Refer to Environmental,


                            (1) The Human Rights Impact Assessment Tool: AI-informed Decision-making Systems in Banking is available at: https://humanrights.gov.au/sites/default/files/document/
                                publication/ai_in_banking_hria_tool.pdf
                            (2) Refer to nab.com.au/about-us/sustainability/reporting-policies-approach/performance-reporting.


                        52      National Australia Bank
                        Respecting human rights (cont.)




                             Social and Governance (ESG) Risk Management on page                               to live and work, as well as the rights of indigenous
                             57.                                                                               peoples. The Group continues to take steps to manage
                                                                                                               its climate and nature-related impacts and the need for a
                                                                                                                                                                                     About
                        •    Continuing to enhance the Third-party Risk Management
                             onboarding process used by NAB to more effectively                                just transition. For further information on NAB’s response
                             identify, monitor, and manage risks (including those related                      to climate change, refer to NAB's 2024 Climate Report,
                             to human rights) involved in partnering with third parties                        available at nab.com.au/annualreports.                             this report
                             (suppliers, consultants, and other vendors). In 2024, this                    •   Disaster support: Natural disasters can have significant
                             included using additional system functionality to improve                         impacts on individuals and communities, including human
                             the quality of supplier responses.                                                rights-related impacts such as displacement, loss of
                                                                                                               livelihoods and lack of access to food, water and health
                        Building capability                                                                    service providers. NAB's Ready Together program provides

                                                                                                                                                                                  Our business
                        In 2024, modern slavery risk, was included in both annual risk                         support to customers and communities to help them
                        awareness and financial crime training for NAB colleagues.                             withstand the events and recover from the impacts of

                                                                                                                                                                                     in 2024
                        Participation rates of 99.6 % and 98.9% were achieved for this                         natural disasters (refer to page 54).
                        training respectively. 98.4% of BNZ colleagues completed BNZ's                     •   Hardship and vulnerability: Hardship and vulnerability,
                        annual risk awareness training, which also included training on                        including financial hardship, can increase the risk
                        modern slavery.                                                                        of adverse human rights impacts for individuals and
                        We also support colleagues with a number of ESG-related                                communities, such as through increased vulnerability




                                                                                                                                                                                    Creating value
                        checklists and internal guidance notes on a range of topics                            to exploitation, scams, homelessness and poverty.




For personal use only
                        which incorporated human rights-related considerations,                                NAB is proactively supporting customers experiencing
                        including guidance explaining key elements of our Group                                hardship and vulnerability by providing financial hardship
                        Human Rights Policy for colleagues. Our internal ESG risk                              assistance (refer to page 25), participating in a number
                        management intranet site provides resources and links to                               of affordable housing initiatives (refer to page 29) and
                        help bankers understand and identify human rights risks                                protecting customers from scams and fraud. Also refer
                        and impacts.                                                                           to NAB’s Vulnerability Framework for 2024-2026 available
                                                                                                               at nab.com.au/content/dam/nabrwd/documents/guides/
                        Human rights issues covered in this report                                             corporate/customer-vulnerability-framework-24-26.pdf.

                                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate
                        Throughout this report, we disclose a range of initiatives and                     •   Technology, AI, and data ethics: Technology, data and
                        activities which illustrate how we are respecting human rights                         AI deliver value, drive innovation, improve efficiency
                        and managing and mitigating human rights risk to people and                            and can increase customer satisfaction when engaging              Governance
                        to NAB. These activities and initiatives are also of interest to                       with banking services. Given the essential role banks
                        our stakeholders, and include:                                                         play in helping Australians to manage their wealth, it             Statement
                        •    Indigenous inclusion and support: NAB continues to                                is important that technology, data management and AI
                             take steps to support reconciliation and to ensure                                solutions be developed and deployed ethically and with
                             that First Nations people are provided equitable                                  regard to respecting human rights. Further details on
                                                                                                               NAB’s technology, AI and data management processes

                                                                                                                                                                                     Risk
                             access to finance and employment opportunities.
                             Further detail on how NAB is: (i) supporting                                      and practices to ensure privacy, technology stability,
                             reconciliation; and (ii) considering Indigenous inclusion for                     information security and data protection and ethics are

                                                                                                                                                                                  management
                             employees is available in the Supporting reconciliation                           outlined further in this report (refer to pages 46 to 49) and
                             section on pages 27 to 28 and 33 respectively.                                    in the human rights section above.
                             NAB’s Reconciliation Action Plan is also available
                             at: nab.com.au/content/dam/nab/documents/reports/
                             corporate/reconciliation-action-plan-2024-2027.pdf.
                        •    Inclusion and diversity: NAB seeks to ensure that the

                                                                                                                                                                                    Report of
                             key human rights principles of inclusion and diversity are
                             considered for colleagues, customers and community.

                                                                                                                                                                                  the Directors
                             NAB's I&D priorities include: inclusion, accessibility, gender
                             diversity, anti-harassment and discrimination, flexible
                             working, supply chain diversity and financial inclusion. For
                             further information refer to pages 26 and 33 to 35. NAB also
                             proactively addresses inclusion for people with disabilities.
                             A copy of our Accessibility Action Plan 2023-2024 is available




                                                                                                                                                                                    Financial report
                             at nab.com.au/about-us/accessibility-inclusion.
                        •    Modern slavery: The Group is taking steps to
                             address modern slavery risk in our value chain
                             as outlined briefly in the section above and in
                             more detail in the Group's 2024 Modern Slavery and
                             Human Trafficking Statement(1) which will be available
                             at nab.com.au/about-us/sustainability/reporting-policies-
                             approach/performance-reporting in December 2024.
                        •    Climate change: The effects of climate change
                             and climate-related natural disasters on the natural
                                                                                                                                                                                   Additional
                             environment can have significant adverse impacts on

                                                                                                                                                                                  information
                             human rights. Human rights that may be adversely impacted
                             may include rights to life, food, health, water and places

                            (1) Available at nab.com.au/about-us/social-impact/modern-slavery-statement.


                                                                                                                                                       2024 Annual Report   53
                        Helping our communities prosper
                        Community investment                                                                    which we operate. The Foundation comprises three separate
                                                                                                                trusts governed by an independent trustee. In 2024, NAB
                        NAB's community investment supports people and                                          Foundation granted $3.7 million to 108 organisations across all
                        organisations dedicated to creating community prosperity.                               states and territories.

                        Our reporting of community investment is guided by the                                  By funding the people and communities who make a real
                        Business for Societal Impact (B4SI) Community Investment                                difference, NAB Foundation aims to help tackle social and
                        Framework(1). This includes money, volunteering time,                                   environmental challenges. Our granting focus on initiatives
                        management cost and forgone revenue from NAB products                                   that help communities and the environment withstand and
                        and services provided for community benefit.                                            recover from natural disasters and aligned to NAB’s three
                                                                                                                sustainability priorities; climate transition and environment,
                        Key contributions in 2024 included:                                                     First Nations economic advancement and affordable housing.
                        •    Skilled volunteering projects for not-for-profits in                               For further information on NAB’s sustainability priorities and
                             partnership with Australian Business Volunteers and Jawun.                         approach, refer to page 19.
                        •    Disaster relief grants to support customers and colleagues
                                                                                                                Supporting Australians withstand and recover from
                             impacted by natural disasters.
                                                                                                                natural disasters
                        •    The further expansion of the NAB Foundation and its
                                                                                                                Grants provided by NAB Foundation focus on initiatives which
                             capacity to provide long- term, stable funding for programs
                                                                                                                will help communities and the environment withstand fires,
                             and partnerships with community organisations. Since 2021,
                                                                                                                floods, cyclones and earthquakes. NAB Foundation is the
                             the NAB Foundation has more than quadrupled in size to




For personal use only
                                                                                                                major partner of DRA and the principal partner of Girls on Fire.
                             $166 million held in trust.
                                                                                                                Through its Community Grants program, NAB Foundation funds
                        •    Foregone revenue through the provision of microfinance
                                                                                                                local projects and initiatives across all states and territories
                             as part of our 21 year partnership with Good Shepherd.
                                                                                                                which will assist communities prepare for natural disasters,
                        Volunteering and Giving                                                                 support long-term recovery measures and build resilience
                                                                                                                against future disasters.
                        NAB supports colleagues to give to the causes and
                        communities they care about by donating their time and                                  For more information on our partnerships and grants, refer to
                        money to not-for-profits and community organisations.                                   NAB Ready Together on page 56.

                        General volunteering                                                                    Climate and environment
                        At NAB, we provide colleagues with 16 hours of general                                  NAB Foundation supports practical projects which
                        volunteer leave each year to help communities prosper.                                  build environmental resilience to natural disasters and
                        In 2024, we partnered with community organisations such                                 climate change, and promote biodiversity through nature-
                        as The Salvation Army, Disaster Relief Australia (DRA) and                              based solutions.
                        Girls on Fire to offer colleagues a wide range of general                               Between 2021 and 2024, NAB Foundation provided $2 million
                        volunteering opportunities.                                                             to Greening Australia and the World Wide Fund for Nature
                                                                                                                Australia’s Climate Ready Restoration project developing
                        Skilled volunteering                                                                    nature-based solutions to natural disaster mitigation. This
                        Additionally, we provide colleagues with unlimited skilled                              project advances environmental resilience through predator-
                        volunteering opportunities through which they can donate                                proof fencing and the reintroduction of wild species
                        their specific skills and technical expertise to help contribute                        that contribute to fire risk mitigation and Indigenous
                        to societal change.                                                                     Land management.
                        In 2024, we partnered with Australian Business Volunteers                               Refer to page 41 of this report for further information on our
                        (ABV) to run unique, immersive, skilled volunteering                                    approach to managing biodiversity and natural capital.
                        experiences for high performing NAB colleagues. Over
                                                                                                                NAB Foundation also provided ABV with a grant to pilot
                        a nine-day period, our Customer Strategy Challenges
                                                                                                                a Regional Economic Resilience Program for communities
                        allowed volunteers to work closely with a not-for-profit
                                                                                                                seeking to find their economic pathway to net-zero.
                        or social enterprise customer to help solve a complex
                                                                                                                Delivered by engaging highly skilled corporate and community
                        business problem.
                                                                                                                volunteers and leveraging corporate knowledge, the pilot will
                                                                                                                take place in 2024 and 2025.
                        NAB Neighbourhood
                        Our dedicated volunteering and giving program allows                                    First Nations economic advancement
                        colleagues to connect with community organisations via
                                                                                                                In 2024, NAB Foundation provided grants to University of
                        workplace giving donations, fundraisers or self-managed
                                                                                                                Technology Sydney and the Australian National University to
                        volunteering opportunities.
                                                                                                                advance Indigenous economic outcomes. Refer to page 27 for
                        Colleagues are financially rewarded for every hour of                                   more information.
                        volunteering completed, which in turn, can be donated to
                        the causes which matter most to them. In 2024, NAB and our                              Affordable housing
                        colleagues donated more than $550,000 to over 540 not-for-                              In 2024, the NAB Foundation awarded The Salvation Army
                        profits and charities.                                                                  Australia a capacity-building grant to fund the appointment
                                                                                                                of a national corporate volunteer coordinator. This role is
                        NAB Foundation                                                                          responsible for acquiring and managing over 4,000 volunteers
                        NAB Foundation is our registered charity which uses                                     within the corporate sector over the next three years.
                        philanthropy, social investment and in-kind support to fund                             Additionally, the grant has provided vital resources for The
                        social and environmental progress in the communities in                                 Salvation Army’s Magpie Nest Café in Melbourne’s CBD and

                            (1) Corporate Community Investment, defined broadly as businesses’ voluntary engagement with charitable organisations or activities that extends beyond their core
                                business activities. Learn more at https://b4si.net/framework/community-investment/.


                        54      National Australia Bank
                        Helping our communities prosper (cont.)




                        the Street Level Café in Sydney. Both cafés are crucial hubs
                        that not only provide meals but also offer crisis support,       Community Grants: Australian
                        intervention, practical assistance, and long-term support to     Wildlife Conservancy
                        vulnerable and marginalised communities.                         Australian Wildlife Conservancy’s (AWC) mission is simple              About

                                                                                                                                                             this report
                        NAB Foundation’s support extended even further by matching       but ambitious – the effective conservation of local
                        annual fundraising efforts of NAB colleagues, contributing       animals and the habitats in which they live.
                        more than $70,000 to The Salvation Army’s initiatives            In 2024, AWC received a $25,000 NAB Foundation
                        throughout the year.                                             Community Grant to prepare Kangaroo Island
                        The Foundation also provided donations in support of housing     to withstand future bushfires, and aid its
                        and homelessness to organisations including; Melbourne City      recovery by implementing best-practice ecological

                                                                                                                                                             Our business
                        Mission’s Sleep at the G, The Constellation Project and          fire management.
                        Good Shepherd.                                                   As communities battle more fires, floods and storms,


                                                                                                                                                                in 2024
                        To read more about NAB’s commitment to affordable housing,       and wildlife injuries continue to rise, AWC is focused on
                        refer to page 29.                                                restoring healthy ecosystems which will be resilient to
                                                                                         the impacts of disasters.
                                                                                         In January 2020, bushfires tore through Kangaroo Island.
                           Case Study: Doubling Impact                                   Within 24 hours, an AWC Regional Operations Manager
                           As the largest provider of social services in Australia,      was on the ground ready to survey, mark and align a




                                                                                                                                                               Creating value




For personal use only
                           The Salvation Army plays a critical role in supporting        critical refuge fence. This fence would ultimately provide
                           individuals and families facing crises such as financial      a safe haven for the Kangaroo Island Dunnart, which lost
                           hardship, disaster recovery, social isolation, and            95% of its habitat.
                           domestic violence. The ongoing generosity of donors           As an action-oriented not-for-profit, AWC can respond
                           and supporters enables The Salvation Army to continue         rapidly to get the right people in the right places to save
                           delivering its life-changing services nationwide.             Australian native species.
                           In partnership with the NAB Foundation, NAB, and NAB          AWC’s NAB Foundation Community Grant will support
                           colleagues, $300,000 was donated to The Salvation             Kangaroo Island’s recovery, protect its community and
                                                                                                                                                             Corporate
                           Army’s Red Shield and Christmas Appeals. These funds          economy, and revitalise its unique biodiversity.
                           have brought real hope, made a tangible difference,
                                                                                                                                                            Governance
                           and created lasting change for disadvantaged and              It will also allow AWC to collaborate with key
                           vulnerable Australians, helping to shape brighter futures.    local stakeholders to aid bushfire recovery including
                                                                                         preventative planting, cool burning, fuel load reduction            Statement
                                                                                         and emergency response planning and delivery.
                        Investments
                        NAB Foundation uses impact investment to generate social


                                                                                                                                                                Risk
                        and environmental impact. NAB Foundation invests all corpus
                        assets with a socially responsible investment position.
                        In 2024, NAB Foundation invested in six impact investment

                                                                                                                                                             management
                        funds, representing up to 10% of its portfolio and established
                        a dedicated investment sleeve for future direct impact
                        investment opportunities.




                                                                                                                                                               Report of

                                                                                                                                                             the Directors




                                                                                                                                                               Financial report




                                                                                                                                                              Additional

                                                                                                                                                             information




                                                                                                                                 2024 Annual Report    55
                        Helping our communities prosper (cont.)




                        NAB Ready Together                                                  Funding grassroots disaster readiness and
                                                                                            recovery projects
                        With the effects of climate change, Australians                     The NAB Foundation Community Grants program provides
                        need help in the face of increasing natural                         funding of up to $25,000 for local projects which help
                                                                                            communities withstand and recover from natural disasters.
                        disasters. We’re acting now, so we can be
                                                                                            The grant size more than doubled in 2024 - up from $10,000 in
                        ready together.                                                     2023 - to reflect rising costs for community organisations and
                                                                                            the scope of projects being completed.
                        Helping customers become more resilient
                                                                                            NAB Foundation awards $1.2 million in Community Grants each
                        In 2024, communities across Australia were impacted by              year across two grant rounds, including $200,000 available in
                        floods, fires and cyclones. In response, NAB provided $549,000      Impact Grants for projects with significant potential. These
                        in disaster relief grants to 440 customers and 109 colleagues       Impact Grants provide a further $25,000 to recipients to
                        affected by natural disasters in NSW, VIC, TAS, WA, NT and QLD.     maximise their impact.
                        Through a partnership with the Resilient Building Council,          In 2024, NAB Foundation awarded community grants to 83
                        we helped customers better protect their homes. NAB                 organisations. Initiatives focused on natural disaster training
                        customers were encouraged to use the Bushfire Resilience            and planning, community recovery, environment and wildlife
                        Rating Home Self-assessment app, to help identify how they          and equipment and infrastructure.
                        could renovate their home to achieve a five-star Resilience
                        Rating. Participating customers were eligible for mortgage




For personal use only
                        rate and insurance premium discounts from participating                Case Study: 'You can see you've made a
                        insurance companies.                                                   difference, even if it's a small one'
                        Refer to page 26 for more information on how NAB                       NAB colleague, Elissa Tobin grew up on a farm near
                        supports customers.                                                    the small Victorian town of Elmore, two hours north
                                                                                               of Melbourne and just 10 minutes down the road
                        Rebuilding communities takes many hands                                from Rochester.
                        NAB and the NAB Foundation partner with disaster relief
                                                                                               “Lots of my high school friends are still there and some
                        organisations to help communities recover faster.
                                                                                               family as well,” she said. “My parents were still living in
                        NAB Foundation’s major partnership with DRA aims to build              Rochester when the 2011 floods happened, and their
                        disaster resilience by recruiting 3,000 and deploying 1,000            house was completely inundated”.
                        corporate and community volunteers through the NAB
                                                                                               In 2022, Rochester experienced its worst ever flood.
                        Foundation Recovery Crew.
                                                                                               The flood level peaked 400 millimeters higher than
                        In 2024, 470 corporate and community volunteers were                   the previous record flood in 2011. Thousands were left
                        deployed to 12 operations around Australia, including more             displaced and 19 months on, many residents still couldn't
                        than 230 NAB colleagues.                                               return to their homes.
                        In March 2024, DRA and the NAB Foundation Recovery Crew                When Elissa saw a call for the NAB Foundation Recovery
                        returned to the town of Rochester, 18 months after the                 Crew to help the people of Rochester, she jumped at the
                        devastating 2022 floods, for a jointly funded operation.               chance to volunteer.
                        More than 140 NAB colleagues volunteered, which is NAB’s
                                                                                               Across four days, more than 140 NAB volunteers went to
                        biggest single volunteering presence in recent years (refer to
                                                                                               Rochester to help DRA in whatever way they could.
                        case study).
                                                                                               “The opportunity to volunteer with such a great
                        Girls on Fire is another key community partner which expanded
                                                                                               organisation is a privilege that’s given to us,” she said.
                        its fire and resilience programs across Australia with the NAB
                                                                                               “A day of manual labour takes you outside of your day-
                        Foundation’s support. The programs aim to train the next
                                                                                               to-day worries, and there's something really nice about
                        generation of firefighters and improve gender diversity and
                                                                                               that too!"
                        inclusion in the emergency services sector.
                                                                                               In addition to DRA’s recovery operation, NAB Foundation
                        In 2024, Girls on Fire ran its first programs in Queensland,
                                                                                               also committed $100,000 to Rochester Community House
                        training 65 girls and engaging eight NAB volunteers. In
                                                                                               to support projects that will help children and young
                        Melbourne, Girls on Fire ran its largest ever fire and resilience
                                                                                               people to recover from the floods.
                        program at an airport firefighting facility. More than 50 girls
                        were involved, including 14 from NAB families. 15 NAB colleagues       "Thank you will never be enough for what you, and your
                        also volunteered as mentors on the day.                                teams have made possible for residents in our town
                                                                                               and the lift you have given the team at Rochester
                        In 2024, NAB Foundation continued to support Rural Fire Service
                                                                                               Community House.…You have made our world better,"
                        Queensland to deliver six Indigenous traditional burning
                                                                                               said Meagan Keating, local resident and Project Manager
                        training programs. The programs taught participants about
                                                                                               at Emergency Recovery Victoria.
                        traditional fire and land management practices to reduce
                        disaster risk, and improve environmental resilience.                   NAB Foundation partners with DRA to help it build
                                                                                               community and corporate volunteer capacity to support
                        NAB colleagues are encouraged to support communities
                                                                                               communities to recover.
                        impacted by disasters. In 2024, NAB updated its crisis leave
                        policy to recognise DRA as an official emergency body. This
                        means NAB colleagues can access unlimited leave to deploy
                        with DRA. In 2024, NAB colleagues contributed more than 1,800
                        volunteer hours with disaster relief organisations.




                        56   National Australia Bank
                        Helping our communities prosper (cont.)




                        Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Risk Management
                        Managing risk is part of everyone’s role. This is supported by Risk functions, led by the Group Chief Risk
                        Officer (CRO).                                                                                                                                                                                About

                                                                                                                                                                                                                   this report
                        Risk Governance                                                                               Figure 6: NAB Group's material risk categories
                        The Group CEO oversees enterprise-wide risk management
                        through the Executive Risk & Compliance Committee (ERCC)
                        and its supporting sub-committees, including the Group Credit
                        & Market Risk Committee (GCMRC). The GCMRC supports the                                         Strategic Risk       Credit Risk      Market Risk       Balance Sheet


                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Our business
                                                                                                                                                                                & Liquidity Risk
                        ERCC in overseeing the Group’s management of Credit Risk,
                        Market Risk and Sustainability Risk and emerging risks and their

                                                                                                                                                                                                                      in 2024
                        related financial implications. This includes oversight of:
                        •   ESG-related policies, including those related to human
                                                                                                                         Operational        Compliance        Conduct Risk       Sustainability
                            rights and environment(1);                                                                   Risk               Risk                                 Risk
                        •   assessment of customer-related ESG risk; and
                                                                                                                      The Group defines Sustainability Risk as “the risk that ESG
                        •   ESG-related risk appetite settings.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value
                                                                                                                      events or conditions negatively impact the risk and return




For personal use only
                        ESG matters are escalated to the ERCC, BRCC and the Board                                     profile, value or reputation of the Group or its customers
                        as required.                                                                                  and suppliers”. Climate, nature, and human rights-related risks
                        Sustainability Risk was added as a material risk category(2)                                  are included in consideration of Sustainability Risk, alongside
                        within the Risk Management Framework in October 2021. Refer                                   other ESG risks.
                        to Figure 6 for the Group's full list of material risk categories.
                                                  7-504 NFN2651 - Governance Diagrams - Update_1A October 31, 2023 11:19 am
                        Figure 7: Summary of ESG Risk management and oversight


                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate
                                                                     Board and Board committees
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Governance
                                 Accountable for ESG Strategy and oversight of ESG matters, including any escalated from Board committees.                                          Independent

                                                             Board People &                  Board Risk &                                             Board Nomination
                                                                                                                                                                                      assurance                    Statement
                                 Board Audit                                                                             Board Customer                                                & advice
                                                             Remuneration                    Compliance                                                 & Governance
                                 Committee                                                                                 Committee
                                                               Committee                     Committee                                                   Committee



                                  The Board Risk & Compliance Committee oversees ESG risks (including climate and human rights-related risks)                                                                         Risk

                                                                                                                                                                                                                   management
                                      and the Groupʼs environmental compliance and performance reported and escalated by management.
                                                                                                                                                                                                Risk
                                                                                                                                                                                             Management

                                                              Group Credit & Market Risk Committee
                                        The Group Credit & Market Risk Committee is an executive level risk management committee which

                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Report of
                                       has oversight of certain financial risks and ESG risks (including climate and human rights related risks),
                                        and the Group’s environmental compliance and performance. Refer to the Risk Management section
                                                              for further information on Risk Management committees.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the Directors
                        The Group's risk frameworks and processes                                      comprising an environmental principle, two social principles
                                                                        Board
                        Effective risk management is core to the execution of our                      and three governance principles. ESG risk assessment is
                        strategy and our ability to be a safe and secure bank. It                      part of the Group's credit risk assessment and supplier risk
                                                                                                                                                    Strategy,




                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report
                        is integral if we are to serve customers well and help our                     management due diligence processes, and factors
                                                                                                                                                    purpose,into day-
                        communities prosper. Managing ESG risk is part of our day-                     to-day decisions of colleagues.              values &
                                                                Executive
                        to-day business and it is identified, measured,           Leadership Team
                                                                              monitored,                                                             culture
                                                                                                       Where ESG and associated reputation risk is high, ESG matters
                        reported and overseen      in accordance
                                                Oversees            with the Group’s
                                                         sustainability-related                        are escalated
                                                                                (including climate) strategy           by customer-facing teams for discussion and
                                                                                                             and opportunities.
                        Risk Management Strategy, Framework and reflected in the                       consideration in business units (Business and Private Banking
                        Risk Appetite Statement (RAS), Risk Settings Statement and                     and Corporate and Institutional Banking). These forums
                        relevant supporting policies and management practices.                         involve senior management, executives and other key internal
                        ESG risk is managed in an integrated manner         as part
                                                                       Policies, systems and processes stakeholders including Risk and Corporate Affairs.
                                             Sustainability-related
                        of our processes for managing                                      management BNZ
                                                                   risks across material risk                         groupsalso hasand     forums
                                                                                                                                       a specialist     customer risk assessment team,
                        categories. This is guided by a set of six ESG Risk Principles(3)                             and a forum attended by senior management, executives and
                                    Comprised of representatives from across NAB’s businesses to align and drive progress in NAB’s priority                                                                         Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                                   information
                                                                                       sustainability
                         (1) The Group's Human Rights Policy, Group Environmental Management             areas.
                                                                                                     Policy
                                                                                                                (1)
                                                                                                             and Group Environmental Reporting and Offset Management Policy are available on our
                              The  Group has established a number of Executive
                             website                                                      level groups and forums designed to drive enterprise collaboration,
                                      nab.com.au/about-us/sustainability/reporting-policies-approach/policies-resources.
                            alignment
                         (2) The        and
                                 material     visibility
                                          risks   managedonby the
                                                             strategy, innovation,
                                                                  Group are:         opportunities,
                                                                             credit risk,               execution
                                                                                          operational risk,         activities
                                                                                                            compliance          and risk,
                                                                                                                                    emerging
                                                                                                                        risk, conduct          risks
                                                                                                                                          balance    (described
                                                                                                                                                  sheet and         below).
                                                                                                                                                               liquidity risk, market risk, sustainability risk
                             and chairs
                             The         of risk.
                                 strategic  the For
                                                  below
                                                     moregroups   and on
                                                           information forums  provide
                                                                          these, and       periodic
                                                                                       other        reporting
                                                                                             principal risks and to the Executive
                                                                                                                 uncertainties      Leadership
                                                                                                                                faced by         Team
                                                                                                                                         the Group,             and
                                                                                                                                                        (ELT)Risk
                                                                                                                                                    refer to         Boardon pages 93 to 106.
                                                                                                                                                                   factors
                         (3) and
                             Available
                                  haveonthe
                                          ourpower
                                               website  nab.com.au/content/dam/nabrwd/documents/reports/corporate/esg-risk-principles.pdf.
                                                      to refer matters of significant importance        to the Group Chief Executive Officer (CEO), relevant BEAR
                                                                                accountable persons or the ELT.
                                                                                                                                                                                  2024 Annual Report         57
                                                 Sustainability Council                                                     Affordable Housing Council
                                                 Chair: Les Matheson, Group Chief                                           Chair: Cathryn Carver, Executive, Client
                        Helping our communities prosper (cont.)




                        other relevant internal stakeholders, to escalate ESG matters                                 management. Ownership and management of obligations,
                        when required.                                                                                including recording of controls, includes ESG-related
                        Management of ESG risk is operationalised through a number                                    regulatory obligations like the Australian and UK Modern
                        of supporting key risk frameworks and systems, including:                                     Slavery Acts and the National Greenhouse and Energy
                                                                                                                      Reporting Act in Australia and voluntary ESG-related
                        •    Risk Appetite Framework – risk appetite cascades from                                    commitments and targets like those associated with the
                             the Group RAS, where there are specific ESG-related                                      Principles for Responsible Banking and the Net Zero Banking
                             tolerances, including fossil fuel related limits. The RAS                                Alliance to name two. Both NAB and BNZ use GRACE to
                             operates in conjunction with sector Credit Appetite                                      support colleagues making risk-based decisions using
                             Strategies (CAS) and the Group’s High Risk ESG Sectors and                               facts and data.
                             Sensitive Areas list (‘Sensitive Sectors and Areas List’). Our
                             Sensitive Sectors and Areas List helps colleagues working                            In 2024, enhancements were made to the ESG-related
                             with customers and suppliers know which sectors and                                  questions included in NAB's Third-party Risk Management
                             activities may have a higher inherent exposure to ESG-                               Module in GRACE. These improved the efficiency and
                             related risks. It sets out sectors and activities where we                           effectiveness of the process for both third-parties
                             have restricted or no appetite. Key elements of the risk                             responding to the questions, and NAB's internal risk
                             appetite framework (RAS, CAS and the Sensitive Sectors                               assessment of their responses.
                             and Areas List - refer to Figure 8) are reviewed and
                             refreshed annually to incorporate emerging and changing                              Figure 8: Key elements of our risk appetite framework
                             ESG risks, including during 2024.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                             Group Risk Appetite Statement
                                                                                                                          ESG-related tolerances (e.g. fossil fuel related limits)
                             Review of ESG-risk policy settings in 2024
                             The Group annually reviews ESG-related risk appetite,
                                                                                                                                Credit Appetite                      High Risk ESG Sectors and
                             tolerances and policy settings included in the Group                                                 Strategies                            Sensitive Areas List
                             Risk Appetite Statement and our High Risk ESG Sectors
                             and Sensitive Areas list. Updates to our coal, oil and
                             gas ESG-related policies and risk appetite settings cover
                                                                                                                                      The Group considers appetite and exposure to ESG risk
                             the following:                                                                                            at a lending portfolio and individual customer level
                             •    Specific fossil-fuel related infrastructure
                             •    Oil and gas expansion projects
                                                                                                                  ESG risk management in lending
                             •    Greenfield metallurgical coal mining
                                                                                                                  The Group takes a risk-based approach to managing ESG-
                             •    Capital markets(1) products and services.                                       related risks and issues. We regularly look for opportunities to
                             Further details about NAB's ESG-related policies and                                 enhance our ESG risk management processes, which includes
                             risk appetite settings are provided in NAB's 2024                                    how we identify, assess, mitigate and monitor potential risk
                             Climate Report.                                                                      areas where the Group could cause or contribute to negative
                                                                                                                  ESG-related impacts or be exposed to ESG risks and issues
                                                                                                                  through our value chain (suppliers and other third-parties
                        •    Group Policy Governance Framework – prescribes the                                   and customers).
                             minimum requirements for policies across the Group                                   Colleagues in relevant customer-facing roles identify and
                             to support adherence to regulatory and legislative                                   manage ESG risks, as part of their day-to-day responsibilities.
                             obligations, our strategic ambition, risk appetite, and where                        They are supported by colleagues with specialist expertise
                             relevant, industry or best practices. Specific ESG-related                           and understanding of ESG risks who work in Group
                             policies include our:                                                                functions and subsidiaries. For example, by our ESG Risk
                             – Group Environmental Management Policy                                              Management, Legal and Sustainability teams and colleagues
                             – Group Environmental Reporting and Offset                                           with sustainability-related roles embedded in teams within
                               Management Policy                                                                  other areas.
                             – Group Human Rights Policy                                                          The Group considers exposure to risk, including ESG risk, at a
                             – Sustainability Policy                                                              lending portfolio and individual customer level.

                             – NZBA Policy                                                                        NAB and BNZ Business Banking and Corporate and Institutional
                                                                                                                  Banking Divisions apply a risk-based approach to consider
                             – Group Equator Principles Policy
                                                                                                                  exposure to ESG risk. They perform a risk-based screening of
                             – Group Assessing Customer-related ESG Risk Policy                                   customers to determine whether customers are in a high ESG
                             – Group Environmental Contamination Risk Policy.                                     risk-related sector or undertaking activities which may have
                                                                                                                  high associated ESG risk. Colleagues in these areas regularly
                        During 2024, minor administrative updates were made to our
                                                                                                                  look for opportunities to enhance our ESG risk management
                        Equator Principles, Assessing Customer-related ESG Risk and
                                                                                                                  processes, which includes how we identify, assess, mitigate
                        Environmental Contamination Risk policies.
                                                                                                                  and monitor potential risk areas where the Group could cause
                        •    Governance Risk and Compliance Engine (GRACE) – our                                  or contribute to negative ESG-related impacts. If colleagues
                             enterprise risk management tool. GRACE holds a key                                   identify ESG risk issues as part of initial customer screening, or
                             source of risk data to support day-to-day management                                 note involvement in high-risk sectors or activities, customers
                             of risks and obligations. It records management and                                  are then subject to a more detailed ESG risk assessment, in
                             ownership of risks, events, controls, obligations, change                            accordance with exposure-related trigger thresholds, as part
                             processes, findings, and third-party risk assessment at                              of the Group's credit risk and due diligence process.
                             the business level, as well as policy and regulatory

                            (1) Capital markets activities means all types of bonds, syndicated loans and US private placements. It excludes advice to services to a customer by JBWere.


                        58       National Australia Bank
                        Helping our communities prosper (cont.)




                        Consideration of ESG risk in the Group credit risk assessment                          & Institutional Bank ESG risk-related checklists. Further detail
                        and due diligence process occurs as described in more detail                           is provided in the highlight box.
                        in the process below, appropriate to the relevant sector,
                        business activity and geography.                                                                                                                                                 About
                                                                                                                   ESG risk assessment
                        Figure 9: The Group’s credit risk assessment and due                                        ESG risk assessment involves working through a series                             this report
                        diligence processes include the following steps, appropriate                                of questions in an ESG Risk Checklist to identify and
                        to the relevant    sector, business
                                7-492 NFN2639_210x148mm_Risk       activity
                                                             Diagrams           and
                                                                      - Credit Risk    geography:September 11, 2023 understand
                                                                                    Assessment_2A_01                10:10 am
                                                                                                                                the ESG risk-related performance and issues
                                                                                                                   related to a customer. This includes, but is not limited to,
                                                                        Origination and
                                                                        internal review                            consideration of the following issues related to:


                                                                                                                                                                                                      Our business
                                                                                                                   •    Environmental risk, for example, climate change and
                                                                                                                        other nature-related risks related to water, land
                                                                                                                        clearing, biodiversity loss;

                                                                                                                                                                                                         in 2024
                          Monitoring
                                                                                                                   •    Social risk, for example, human rights including
                                                                                                                        modern slavery, Indigenous rights (including FPIC),
                                                                                                                        and labour practices, animal welfare and predatory
                                                                                                                        finance; and
                                                                                                                   •    Governance risk, for example, compliance, bribery,




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Creating value
                                                                                            Evaluation




For personal use only
                                                                                                                        corruption, fraud and other forms of financial crime.
                                                                                                                   Further examples of ESG risk-related issues and
                                                                                                                   performance considered as part of ESG risk assessment
                                                                                                                   are highlighted in the Table below. Consideration is
                                                                                                                   given to the risks inherent in the sectors, activities and
                                                                                                                   countries in which customers operate.

                                                                                                                   Table 3: Examples of ESG risk which may be
                                    Documentation                                                                  considered in the ESG risk assessment process
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate
                                                                          Approval
                                    and settlement
                                                                                                                       Environmental            Social Risk               Governance
                                                                                                                       Risk                     areas/issues              Risk/areas/                Governance
                        Origination and internal review                                                                areas/issues                                       issues
                        As part of the credit risk assessment and due diligence                                        • Climate                •   Human rights,         • Corporate                 Statement
                        process, NAB and BNZ Business Banking and Corporate and                                           strategy, risk            including                Governance
                                                                                                                          management,               modern                • Money
                        Institutional Banking Divisions are required to undertake                                         and transition            slavery and
                        negative media screening on customers at origination,                                                                                                laundering
                                                                                                                          planning                  Indigenous
                        internal review and where appropriate, when changes occur                                                                   rights                • Bribery,
                                                                                                                       • Biodiversity

                                                                                                                                                                                                         Risk
                                                                                                                                                    including FPIC           corruption
                        in customers facilities, for example when refinancing.                                            and
                                                                                                                          ecosystem             •   Labour                • Compliance
                        If potential ESG risk issues are identified as part of this risk-                                 impacts                   practices,            • Corporate

                                                                                                                                                                                                      management
                        based screening, or bankers note a customer's involvement                                                                   including                conduct
                                                                                                                       • Water
                        in high-risk sectors or activities, then customers are subject                                    scarcity and              OH&S
                        to more detailed ESG risk assessment and due diligence in                                         quality               •   Animal
                        accordance with exposure-related trigger thresholds, as part                                   • Waste                      welfare
                        of the Group’s origination or ongoing credit review processes.                                    management            •   Product
                                                                                                                       • Emissions to               safety and
                                                                                                                                                    quality

                                                                                                                                                                                                        Report of
                        Evaluation                                                                                        environment/
                                                                                                                          pollution
                        Detailed credit risk assessment and due diligence is
                        conducted. This includes assessment and identification of

                                                                                                                                                                                                      the Directors
                        material risk issues, incorporating ESG risks, where relevant.                             For certain sectors, where specific ESG-related factors
                        ESG-related checklists and guidance notes on a range of                                    need to be considered, bankers have access to specific
                        topics and sensitive sectors help guide this activity. This                                sector-based ESG questions and guidance to help
                        may include assessing a potential customer’s background,                                   understand and assess these issues.
                        character, ESG-related performance and the countries in                                    In 2024, NAB reviewed and refreshed its ESG Risk




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Financial report
                        which they operate.                                                                        Checklists, updating questions in areas addressing
                        Where lending is project-related, the Equator Principles(1) may                            human rights and modern slavery, climate strategy
                        apply. The Equator Principles provide an environmental and                                 and risk management, and nature-related risk. NAB’s
                        social risk management framework through which member                                      Corporate and Institutional Banking team also developed
                        banks agree to only finance projects that are managed                                      and commenced piloting a digitised version, called
                        by the borrower with responsible business practices (both                                  "ESG Accelerate", of the ESG Risk Checklists used by
                        environmental and social) and which meet and comply with                                   that Division, with input from NAB’s Risk and Client
                        the Equator Principles.                                                                    Management and Execution teams. The pilot of this
                                                                                                                   new format for ESG risk assessment commenced with
                        In 2024, we made updates to the ESG Risk Checklists and                                    50 bankers in September 2024. Moving to a digitised
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Additional
                        guidance provided to help bankers undertaking the ESG                                      format will assist capture of customer-related ESG data
                        risk assessment process. This included developing and                                      to enhance both customer and portfolio level ESG risk
                                                                                                                                                                                                      information
                        commencing a pilot of a new digital version of NAB's Corporate

                         (1) The Equator Principles are a set of guidelines through which participating banks throughout the world agree to only finance projects that are managed by the borrower
                             with responsible business practices (both environmental and social) and which meet and comply with the Equator Principles.


                                                                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report        59
                        Helping our communities prosper (cont.)




                                                                                             Fairtrade certified tea and coffee across BNZ commercial
                             assessment. The Checklists guide and support bankers            building tea points.
                             through the ESG risk assessment and due diligence               In 2024, the Group enhanced its mapping of inherent
                             process. For BNZ, a review and update to ESG guidance,          modern slavery and human rights risk associated with
                             checklists and processes has also taken place and               procurement categories. The objective of this enhancement
                             been rolled out to frontline Corporate and Institutional        was to improve the linkage and consistency between
                             Banking colleagues.                                             the two key sourcing/procurement systems used within
                                                                                             NAB and to ensure NAB and BNZ sourcing categories
                                                                                             and sourcing category and modern slavery risk settings
                        Approval                                                             are aligned. This will assist the supplier risk assessment
                        Lending approval is only given where risk (including ESG             process going forward. Further information about how we
                        risk, where appropriate) has been effectively evaluated,             manage modern slavery risk is provided in the Respecting
                        appropriately mitigated and accepted. In certain instances,          human rights section (refer to page 50) and in the Group's
                        where there is potential for high ESG or reputational risk,          annual modern slavery statement which is available when
                        matters are escalated to the relevant divisional and/or              published at: nab.com.au/about-us/sustainability/reporting-
                        executive forums or committees, Board Risk & Compliance              policies-approach/performance-reporting.
                        Committee and/or Board as appropriate.
                                                                                             Building ESG risk management capability
                        Documentation and settlement                                         We provide frontline colleagues with access to appropriate




For personal use only
                        During documentation and settlement, the customer may                ESG expertise, information, training and tools as part of our
                        be subject to conditions and covenants to address legal              approach to managing ESG risk. In 2024, the ESG module
                        obligations, any relevant voluntary compliance obligations           included in annual Risk Awareness training for colleagues
                        (for example, the Equator Principles), and/or to monitor and         covered modern slavery and climate-related risks. In 2024,
                        manage specified ESG risks against agreed performance                NAB achieved a participant completion rate of 99.6 % for Risk
                        measures. This includes consideration of ESG performance             Awareness training. BNZ incorporated modern slavery modules
                        KPIs when sustainability-linked products are involved.               in its annual Risk Awareness training. In 2024, BNZ achieved
                                                                                             a 98.4% participant completion rate for this training. Annual
                        Customer engagement and monitoring                                   Financial Crime refresher training for Australian colleagues
                        Ongoing customer relationship management includes                    also included content on human impact crimes, including
                        engagement with customers to discuss their ESG-related               modern slavery, and had a 98.9% participant completion rate.
                        performance, issues and initiatives. This engagement helps           In 2024, further capability improvement activities were
                        us to assess customer's ESG performance and to better                completed to continue to embed ESG risk management
                        understand their ESG goals and objectives so we can support          practices across the Group, including in relation to climate
                        them with appropriate products and services and manage               change. This included training sessions for bankers and Risk
                        ESG and reputation risk that may arise as a result of the            colleagues on a range of topics including climate change,
                        customer relationship. It also includes regular review of            net zero banking, Equator Principles, green and sustainable
                        the customer’s compliance with any agreed conditions and             finance, ESG-related assurance and greenwashing.
                        covenants with ESG-related requirements. If there is evidence
                        of systemic non-compliance or material issues, this may result       Participating in voluntary industry initiatives
                        in termination of the relationship, if they are not addressed or     The Group has voluntarily become a signatory to initiatives
                        remediated to an extent NAB or BNZ is able to accept.                which help banks and other companies set standards and
                                                                                             improve ESG risk management practices. These include the
                        ESG risk management in sourcing                                      UN Global Compact, the Women's Empowerment Principles,
                        The conduct and performance of suppliers can have a                  the Equator Principles, the PRB and NZBA. Requirements under
                        significant impact on NAB's sustainability as a business, as         these initiatives are assigned in the Group's enterprise risk
                        well as our reputation within communities. We have risk              management tool, to ensure we have controls and processes
                        management processes to identify, assess, mitigate and               in place to meet any requirements of these initiatives and to
                        monitor potential risk areas where we could be exposed to            track the Group's progress in meeting these requirements.
                        ESG risks. The Group Supplier Sustainability Principles set out
                        an expectation that suppliers will, among other things:              ESG risk management references
                        •    Comply with all relevant local and national laws and            This year, the Group has published its third Climate
                             regulations, provide transparent and public reporting on        Report. This contains detailed disclosures aligned to
                             their ESG risks and have a process in place to provide timely   the recommendations of the Taskforce on Climate-
                             disclosure to the Group of material ESG matters concerning      related Financial Disclosures. This is available on
                             their organisation.                                             nab.com.au/annualreports.
                        •    Respect human rights and address any infringements or           The Group's modern slavery statement is provided
                             adverse impacts to human rights associated with their           on nab.com.au/about us/social-impact/modern-slavery-
                             business activities.                                            statement.
                        •    Comply with all relevant local and national laws and            Refer to Risk factors on page 93 for further detail on the
                             regulations in relation to environmental protection,            Group's exposure to Sustainability Risk.
                             management and reporting.
                        In addition, NAB and BNZ have acted, where applicable, to
                        reduce the likelihood we might have an adverse impact on
                        human rights as a consequence of procurement, for example
                        by continuing to purchase Fairtrade certified tea, coffee
                        and cocoa across NAB commercial building tea points and


                        60     National Australia Bank
                                                                  Ernst & Young                           Tel: +61 3 9288 8000
                                                                  8 Exhibition Street                     Fax: +61 3 8650 7777
                                                                  Melbourne VIC 3000 Australia            ey.com/au
                                                                  GPO Box 67 Melbourne VIC 3001

                                                                                                                                                        About

                                                                                                                                                     this report



                        Independent Limited Assurance Report to the Management and
                                                                                                                                                     Our business
                        Directors of National Australia Bank Limited

                                                                                                                                                        in 2024
                        Our Conclusion

                        Ernst & Young (‘EY’, ‘we’) were engaged by National Australia Bank Limited (‘NAB’) to undertake a limited
                        assurance engagement as defined by Australian Auditing Standards, hereafter referred to as a ‘review’ over the
                        Subject Matter, and for the periods defined below. Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence




                                                                                                                                                       Creating value
                        we have obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe the Subject Matter has not been




For personal use only
                        prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the Criteria defined below.

                        What our review covered

                        We reviewed the following Subject Matter in NAB’s Annual Report (“AR”) and Sustainability Data Pack (“SDP”):
                                                                                    Criteria applied by NAB
                         What our review covered (Subject Matter)                                                          Period        Location
                                                                                    (Criteria)
                                                                                    NAB Group Environmental                                          Corporate
                                                                                                                                                    Governance
                                                                                    Reporting and Offset
                                                                                    Management Policy
                                                                                                                                                     Statement
                         1. NAB’s specified GHG emissions and offset
                         data from operations in Australia, New
                                                                                    Sections 2.5.1 -2.5.3 of the NAB
                         Zealand, United Kingdom, France, United
                                                                                    Group Environmental Reporting
                         States and Asia
                                                                                    and Offset Management Policy
                         [Appendix A for detailed metrics]                                                                 1 July 2023
                                                                                    (for quantity of carbon offsets

                                                                                                                                                        Risk
                                                                                    purchased and retired for the          to 30 June
                                                                                                                                         AR, SDP
                                                                                    year ended 30 June 2024)               2024


                                                                                                                                                     management
                         2. NAB’s progress for the year ended 30                    Sectorial Decarbonisation
                         June 2024 towards its 2030 science-based                   Approach (SDA) methodology
                         emissions target to reduce scope 1 and 2                   published by the Science-Based
                         (market-based method) GHG emissions from                   Target Initiative and developed
                         operations, from a 2022 base-year previously               jointly by CDP, the World
                         disclosed in NAB's 2023 Climate Report                     Resources Institute and World

                                                                                                                                                       Report of
                         [Appendix B for detailed metrics]                          Wide Fund (WWF)


                                                                                                                                                     the Directors
                         3. NAB’s preparation and application of its
                         materiality process for NAB’s ESG material                 Principles of materiality and
                         themes against the Assurance Criteria of the               completeness as defined by the
                                                                                                                                         AR
                         Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) for defining             Global Reporting Initiative (‘GRI’)
                         reporting content (outlined in GRI 3: Material             Standard                               1 October
                         Topics 2021)                                                                                      2023 to 30




                                                                                                                                                       Financial report
                                                                                                                           September
                         4. NAB’s reported performance of 26                                                               2024
                         sustainability and 6 Reconciliation Action                 NAB Group Methodology as
                         Plan (“RAP”) non-financial performance                     reported in the AR and SDP                           AR, SDP
                         metrics                                                    disclosures
                         [Appendix C for detailed metrics]

                        Other than as described in the preceding paragraphs, which set out the scope of our engagement, we did not
                        perform assurance procedures on the remaining information included in the AR or SDP, and accordingly, we do

                                                                                                                                                      Additional
                        not express an opinion or conclusion on this information.


                                                                                                                                                     information


                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                        Key responsibilities

                        NAB’s responsibility

                        NAB’s management is responsible for selecting the Criteria, and for presenting the Subject Matter in accordance
                        with that Criteria, in all material respects. This responsibility includes establishing and maintaining internal
                        controls, maintaining adequate records and making estimates that are relevant to the preparation of the Subject
                        Matter, such that it is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

                        EY’s responsibility and independence




For personal use only
                        Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the Subject Matter based on our review.

                        We have complied with the independence and relevant ethical requirements, which are founded on fundamental
                        principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional
                        behaviour.

                        The firm applies Auditing Standard ASQM 1 Quality Management for Firms that Perform Audits or Reviews of
                        Financial Reports and Other Financial Information, or Other Assurance or Related Services Engagements, which
                        requires the firm to design, implement and operate a system of quality management including policies or
                        procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and
                        regulatory requirements.

                        Our approach to conducting the review

                        We conducted this review in accordance with the Australian Standard for Assurance Engagements Other Than
                        Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information (‘ASAE 3000’) and the terms of reference for this
                        engagement as agreed with NAB. That standard requires that we plan and perform our engagement to express a
                        conclusion on whether anything has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the Subject Matter is not
                        prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the Criteria, and to issue a report.

                        Summary of review procedures performed

                        A review consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for preparing the Subject Matter and
                        related information, and applying analytical and other review procedures.

                        The nature, timing, and extent of the procedures selected depend on our judgement, including an assessment of
                        the risk of material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. The procedures we performed included, but
                        were not limited to:
                                   Conducting interviews with NAB personnel and collating evidence to understand NAB’s materiality
                                   process, process for reporting selected performance metrics as well as risks of misstatement and
                                   quality controls to address risks.
                                   Assessing NAB’s process to define and report on material topics to support alignment with the GRI
                                   Standards materiality and completeness principles.
                                   Assessing the AR and SDP for disclosure and coverage of materiality process and identified material
                                   issues in line with the GRI standards materiality and completeness principles.
                                   Conducting limited assurance procedures over the performance metrics and disclosures, including:
                                        •     Checking that the calculation Criteria have been applied in accordance with the methodologies
                                              for the non-financial metrics.
                                        •     Checking the clerical accuracy of input data utilised to calculate selected performance metrics.
                                        •     Undertaking analytical procedures to support the reasonableness of selected performance
                                              metrics.

                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                                                                                                                                 About

                                                                                                                                              this report


                                        •     Identifying and testing assumptions supporting calculations.


                                                                                                                                              Our business
                                        •     Performing recalculations of selected performance metrics using input data and, on a sample
                                              basis, testing underlying source information to support accuracy of selected performance
                                              metrics.
                                        •     Assessing the accuracy and balance of statements associated with the selected performance          in 2024
                                              metrics.

                        We believe that the evidence obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our review conclusion.




                                                                                                                                                Creating value




For personal use only
                        Inherent Limitations

                        Procedures performed in a review engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for, a
                        reasonable assurance engagement. Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a review engagement is
                        substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement
                        been performed. Our procedures were designed to obtain a limited level of assurance on which to base our
                        conclusion and do not provide all the evidence that would be required to provide a reasonable level of assurance.

                                                                                                                                              Corporate
                        While we considered the effectiveness of management’s internal controls when determining the nature and extent
                        of our procedures, our assurance engagement was not designed to provide assurance on internal controls. Our
                        procedures did not include testing controls or performing procedures relating to checking aggregation or             Governance
                                                                                                                                              Statement
                        calculation of data within IT systems.

                        The greenhouse gas quantification process is subject to scientific uncertainty, which arises because of incomplete
                        scientific knowledge about the measurement of greenhouse gases. Additionally, greenhouse gas procedures are
                        subject to estimation and measurement uncertainty resulting from the measurement and calculation processes

                                                                                                                                                 Risk
                        used to quantify emissions within the bounds of existing scientific knowledge.

                        Other Matters
                                                                                                                                              management
                        We have not performed assurance procedures in respect of any information relating to prior reporting periods
                        with the exception of the metrics disclosed in Appendix B. Our review does not extend to any disclosures or
                        assertions made by NAB relating to future performance plans and/or strategies disclosed in the AR and SDP.



                                                                                                                                                Report of
                        Use of Our Assurance Statement


                                                                                                                                              the Directors
                        We disclaim any assumption of responsibility for any reliance on this assurance report to any persons other than
                        management and the Directors of NAB, or for any purpose other than that for which it was prepared.

                        Our review included web-based information that was available via web links as of the date of this statement. We
                        provide no assurance over changes to the content of this web-based information after the date of this assurance
                        statement.




                                                                                                                                                Financial report
                        Ernst & Young
                        Melbourne
                        7 November 2024


                                                                                                                                               Additional

                                                                                                                                              information


                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                        Appendix A

                        NAB’s specified GHG emissions and offset data from operations in Australia, New Zealand, United Kingdom,
                        France, United States and Asia, broken down as follows:

                                                                                                          Tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent
                         #      Non-financial performance metrics
                                                                                                          (tCO2-e)
                                Actual consolidated Scope 1, Scope 2 (market-based
                                method) and selected Scope 3 (as determined by NAB) net
                         1                                                                                76,837
                                GHG emissions for the year ended 30 June 2024 (after




For personal use only
                                renewable energy)
                                Actual quantity of carbon offsets purchased and retired for
                         2                                                                                76,837
                                the year ended 30 June 2024 (excluding BNZ adjustments)



                        Appendix B

                         #      Non-financial performance metric                                          Percentage %

                                NAB’s progress for the year ended 30 June 2024 towards its
                                2030 science-based emissions target to reduce scope 1 and
                         1                                                                                57%
                                2 (market-based method) GHG emissions from operations,
                                from a 2022 base-year


                        Appendix C

                        NAB’s reported performance of 26 sustainability and 6 Reconciliation Action Plan (“RAP”) non-financial
                        performance metrics, broken down as follows:

                                Sustainability non-financial performance                                  Page
                         #                                                                   Location                    Tab (SDP)       Scope
                                metrics                                                                   number (AR)
                         Customers
                                                                                                          5, 12, 24,
                                Net Promoter Score (by segment)                              AR & SDP     113, 119,      General         Australia
                         1                                                                                134, 136
                                Net Promoter Score (by segment)                              SDP          SDP only       General         NZ
                                Total customer complaints (by region),
                                including:
                                 -   Total number of substantiated customer
                                     privacy complaints received from
                         2           regulatory bodies and other outside                     AR & SDP     24             General         Australia
                                     parties
                                 -   Total number of complaints referred by
                                     customers to ombudsmen/external
                                     dispute resolution bodies




                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                                                                                                                                       About

                                                                                                                                                    this report



                                Sustainability non-financial performance                                  Page
                         #                                                                   Location                   Tab (SDP)      Scope
                                metrics                                                                   number (AR)

                                                                                                                                                    Our business
                                Total customer complaints (by region),
                                including:

                                                                                                                                                       in 2024
                                 -   Total number of substantiated customer
                                     privacy complaints received from
                                     regulatory bodies and other outside                     AR & SDP     24            General        NZ
                                     parties
                                 -   Total number of complaints referred by




                                                                                                                                                      Creating value
                                     customers to ombudsmen/external




For personal use only
                                     dispute resolution bodies
                                Total number of NAB Assist customer                                                     Financial
                         3                                                                   AR & SDP     24, 25                       Australia
                                accounts in financial hardship                                                          Health
                                Cure rates for NAB Assist customer accounts                                             Financial
                         4                                                                   SDP          SDP only                     Australia
                                (30 and 90 days)                                                                        Health
                                Number and dollar value of microfinance loans                                           Financial
                                                                                             AR & SDP     26                           Australia
                                written                                                                                 Health
                         5                                                                                                                          Corporate
                                Number and dollar value of microfinance loans                                           Financial
                                                                                                                                                   Governance
                                                                                             SDP          SDP only                     NZ
                                written                                                                                 Health
                                Number of critical and high priority technology                                                                     Statement
                         6                                                                   AR & SDP     24            General        Australia
                                incidents
                                Progress on affordable and specialist housing
                         7                                                                   AR & SDP     5, 24, 29     Financing      Australia
                                financing ambition


                                                                                                                                                       Risk
                                Number of data breach notifications sent to
                         8      the Office of the Australian Information                     AR           47            AR only        Australia


                                                                                                                                                    management
                                Commissioner (OAIC)
                         Conduct
                                Number of Code of Conduct breaches (by
                                                                                             AR & SDP     24, 146       Culture        Australia
                                category and outcome)
                         9


                                                                                                                                                      Report of
                                Number of Code of Conduct breaches                           AR           146           AR only        NZ

                                Number of whistleblower disclosures received

                                                                                                                                                    the Directors
                                under the Whistleblower Policy (inc. partially
                         10                                                                  SDP          SDP only      Culture        Australia
                                or fully substantiated, not substantiated and
                                remaining under investigation)
                         Workforce




                                                                                                                                                      Financial report
                                Total workforce (by FTE, contract type,
                         11     gender, headcount, age group, employment                     AR & SDP     31            Workforce
                                level, geographic region)
                                Representation of women in total workforce
                         12                                                                  AR & SDP     36            Workforce
                                and by employment level
                                Representation of women in management and                                                              Group
                         13                                                                  AR & SDP     36            Workforce
                                Executive Management
                                Total number and rate of employee turnover
                                                                                                                                                     Additional
                         14                                                                  AR & SDP     24, 31        Culture
                                (voluntary/involuntary) by gender
                                Ratio of basic salary, women to men (by
                                                                                                                                                    information
                         15                                                                  SDP          SDP only      Remuneration
                                employment level and location)



                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                Sustainability non-financial performance                                  Page
                         #                                                                   Location                   Tab (SDP)      Scope
                                metrics                                                                   number (AR)
                                Representation of women on Group Subsidiary
                         16                                                                  AR & SDP     36            Workforce
                                Boards
                         Culture, inclusion and diversity
                         17     Workforce composition by diverse segment                     SDP          SDP only      Workforce
                                Inclusive workforce culture – colleague
                         18                                                                  AR & SDP     36            Workforce
                                inclusion score




For personal use only
                                                                                                          5, 13, 113,
                         19     Colleague engagement score                                   AR & SDP     119, 135,     Culture
                                                                                                          136
                                                                                                                                       Group
                         20     Colleague engagement survey response rate                    SDP          SDP only      Culture
                                Progress against 2021-2025 Inclusion &
                         21     Diversity measurable objectives:                             AR & SDP     36            Workforce
                                Representation of women during FY24
                                                                                                          24, 34, 36,
                         22     Gender pay gap                                               AR & SDP                   Workforce
                                                                                                          119, 125
                                Return to work rate following parental leave
                         23                                                                  SDP          SDP only      Culture        Australia
                                (by gender)
                         Community
                                Community Investment (by dollar value,
                         24                                                                  AR & SDP     18            Investment     Group
                                region, category, focus area)
                         Supply chain

                         25     Spend with diverse suppliers during FY24                     AR & SDP     24            Supply Chain   Australia

                         26     Number of diverse suppliers engaged                          SDP          SDP only      Supply Chain   Australia



                                                                                                          Page number    Tab
                         #     RAP non-financial performance metrics                        Location                                   Scope
                                                                                                          (AR)           (SDP)
                               Progress on Indigenous procurement spend in                                               Supply
                         1                                                                  AR & SDP      24, 36
                               FY24                                                                                      Chain
                               Progress toward the $1 billion lending target to
                                                                                                          5, 24, 28,
                         2     First Nations businesses and community                       AR & SDP                     Financing
                                                                                                          134
                               organisations in FY24
                         3     Indigenous employee engagement score                         SDP           SDP only       Workforce
                               Number of internships provided annually to                                                              Australia
                         4     Indigenous Australians currently completing                  AR & SDP      34             Training
                               tertiary study
                               Number of flexible traineeships provided
                         5     annually across both school-based and adult                  AR & SDP      34             Training
                               trainees
                         6     Representation of Indigenous employees                       SDP           SDP only       Workforce




                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                                                                  About

                                                                               this report




                                                                               Our business

                                                                                  in 2024
              Corporate
              Governance
                                                                                 Creating value




For personal use only
              Statement
                                                                               Corporate
                                                                              Governance
                                                                              Statement




                                                                                  Risk

                        The following information forms part of the            management
                        Corporate Governance Statement (Statement)
                        for the purposes of the ASX Corporate
                        Governance Council’s Corporate Governance
                                                                                 Report of
                        Principles and Recommendations:
                        • Information on the Inclusion and diversity policy
                          and measurable objectives (pages 33 to 36);          the Directors
                        • Risk management overview (page 92), including
                          Environmental, Social and Governance risk
                          management (page 92)


                                                                                 Financial report




                                                                                Additional

                                                                               information
                        Corporate
                        Governance Framework
                        This Statement describes NAB’s approach to corporate governance and governance practices.
                        NAB aims to maintain and promote high standards of corporate governance to support strong business performance and
                        retain the trust of shareholders, customers, colleagues, regulators and the community. NAB continually strives to improve its
                        governance, accountability and risk management practices to meet the needs of its business and stakeholders.
                        NAB's Corporate Governance Framework is based on accountability, delegation and oversight to support sound and
                        prudent decision-making.
                        As a fundamental element of NAB’s culture and business practices, its Corporate Governance Framework guides effective
                        decision-making in all areas of the Group through:
                        •    Strategic and operational planning.
                        •    Culture, purpose, values and conduct.
                        •    Risk management and compliance.
                        •    Customer outcomes.
                        •    Financial management.
                        •    External reporting.




For personal use only
                        •    People and remuneration.
                        The following diagram shows the key components of NAB's Corporate Governance Framework. The key functions of the Board and
                        its committees are outlined in this Statement.



                                                                                        Shareholders


                                                                                          NAB Board
                        Independent
                           assurance           Board Audit           Board Risk &          Board People &          Board Customer      Board Nomination
                          and advice           Committee             Compliance            Remuneration              Committee           & Governance
                                                                     Committee              Committee                                     Committee
                                                                                                                                                          Strategy
                                                                                                                                                          and risk
                                                                                                                                                          management
                                                                                        Management

                                            Group Chief Executive Officer (CEO)                                                                           Purpose,
                                            Executive Leadership Team                                                                                     values and
                                                                                                                                                          culture
                                            The Board reserves certain powers for itself and delegates certain authority and responsibility for
                                            day-to-day management of the Group to the Group CEO (and other people as appropriate). The Group CEO
                                            in turn delegates certain authorities and responsibilities to Group Executives. These delegations are
                                            regularly reviewed and are consistent with the requirements of the Financial Accountability Regime (FAR).
                                            Regardless of any delegation by the Group CEO, the Group CEO is accountable to the Board for the exercise
                                            of delegated power and management’s performance.


                                                                                       Policies, systems and processes

                        NAB follows the 4th edition ASX Corporate Governance Council’s Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations in this
                        Statement. This Statement has been approved by the Board and is current as at 30 September 2024.




                        68     National Australia Bank
                        Board of Directors
                        Board of Directors                                                 following a 12 year career with Bank of Montreal where he held
                                                                                           a number of executive roles, including as Head of Canadian
                        Details of NAB directors in office at the date of this report,
                                                                                           Business Banking where he had end-to-end accountability
                                                                                                                                                                    About
                        including each director’s qualifications, experience and other
                                                                                           for the division. Prior to Bank of Montreal, Andrew was with
                        directorships and interests are below.
                                                                                           strategy consulting firm, McKinsey & Company between 2002
                                                                                                                                                                 this report
                        The Board acknowledges that directors benefit from being           and 2008 in Canada, including as Associate Partner with
                        involved in a broad range of governance roles provided             specific focus on clients in the financial services industry.
                        directors have the capacity to devote sufficient time and          Before working in consulting, Andrew worked in investment
                        effort to fulfil their NAB responsibilities. The Chair, with the   banking at Credit Agricole in London.
                        assistance of the Nomination & Governance Committee, has
                                                                                           Andrew has a deep understanding of customers developed
                        determined each director meets this requirement.
                                                                                           over a career in banking and significant leadership
                                                                                                                                                                 Our business
                                                                                           experience in using data, insights and technology to meet
                                                                                           customer needs.

                                                                                                                                                                    in 2024
                                                                                           Other business and market experience: Andrew has
                          Mr Philip Chronican                                              extensive experience in leading organisations through
                          BCom (Hons), MBA                                                 significant change, growth and to a market leading position.
                          (Dist),GAICD, SF Fin
                                                                                           Other relevant interests: Andrew's other interests include
                                                                                           Australian Banking Association (Chair) and the Financial




                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value




For personal use only
                        Term of office: Chair and independent non-executive                Markets Foundation for Children (Director).
                        director. Non-executive director since May 2016 and Chair
                        of the Board and the Board’s Nomination & Governance
                        Committee since November 2019.
                        Independent: Yes                                                     Ms Kathryn Fagg AO
                        Industry experience: Philip has more than 40 years of                FTSE, BE(Hons), MCom
                        experience in banking and financial services in Australia and        (Hons), FAICD
                        New Zealand. Before his retirement from executive roles,

                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate
                        Philip was responsible for leading ANZ’s Australian retail and
                                                                                           Term of office: Independent non-executive director since
                        commercial banking business. Prior to that, he had a long
                                                                                                                                                                Governance
                                                                                           December 2019. Chair of the People & Remuneration
                        career at Westpac, including as the Chief Financial Officer and
                                                                                           Committee and member of the Board's Risk &
                        leading Westpac’s institutional banking business.
                        During his career as a banking executive, Philip gained
                                                                                           Compliance Committee.                                                Statement
                                                                                           Independent: Yes
                        deep experience in strategy, business performance,
                        transformation, operations, risk management, capital               Industry experience: During her executive career, Kathryn
                        management, financial reporting, stakeholder engagement,           had first-hand banking experience through operational and
                        and people and culture. He also gained broad experience in         strategic leadership roles at ANZ. She also served on the

                                                                                                                                                                    Risk
                        technology, M&A activity and post-merger integration.              Board of the Reserve Bank of Australia.
                        Philip has taken an active and public role in advocating for       Other business and market experience: Kathryn has more

                                                                                                                                                                 management
                        greater transparency and ethics in banking and promoting           than 25 years of senior commercial and operational leadership
                        workforce diversity. Philip has also developed his knowledge       experience in a range of industries, holding executive roles
                        and takes a strong interest in climate change and the impact       with Linfox Logistics, Bluescope Steel and ANZ.
                        on customers and the economy.                                      During her executive career in banking and other industries,
                        Other business and market experience: Philip started his           Kathryn gained deep experience in strategy, business
                                                                                           performance, risk management, customer experience,

                                                                                                                                                                   Report of
                        career as an economist and continues to take a deep
                        interest in domestic and international economics. Through his      corporate development, stakeholder engagement, and people
                        executive and non-executive career, Philip has had extensive       and culture, in a variety of jurisdictions across Asia as well as

                                                                                                                                                                 the Directors
                        experience in governance practices.                                in Australia and New Zealand.
                        Directorships of other listed entities:                            Kathryn has had an active non-executive career across
                                                                                           industries including science and innovation, manufacturing,
                        Woolworths Group Limited (since October 2021)
                                                                                           industrials, macroeconomics and public policy, and the
                        Other relevant interests: Philip is Chair of The Westmead          investment sector. In these roles, Kathryn has developed
                        Institute for Medical Research.




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
                                                                                           strong experience across a broad range of ESG matters.
                                                                                           Directorships of other listed entities:
                                                                                           Djerriwarrh Investments Limited (since May 2014)
                                                                                           Medibank Private Limited (since March 2022)
                          Mr Andrew Irvine
                                                                                           Other relevant interests: Kathryn’s other interests include
                          BSc Business Management
                                                                                           CSIRO (Chair), Breast Cancer Network Australia (Chair),
                          (Hons), MBA
                                                                                           Watertrust Australia Limited (Chair), The Grattan Institute
                                                                                           (Director), The Myer Foundation (Director) and Champions of
                        Term of office: Group Chief Executive Officer and Managing         Change Coalition (Director).
                                                                                                                                                                  Additional
                        Director since April 2024.
                        Independent: No
                        Industry experience: Andrew has more than 25 years of                                                                                    information
                        experience in the financial services industry. Andrew joined
                        NAB in 2020 as Group Executive, Business and Private Banking


                                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report   69
                        Board of Directors (cont.)




                                                                                          work history included Morgan Stanley, JP Morgan and Linklaters
                                                                                          & Paines in London, New York and Australia. She has held
                                                                                          a number of industry related non-executive director roles
                                                                                          including Commonwealth Bank of Australia, The Future Fund,
                             Ms Christine Fellowes                                        Treasury Corporation of Victoria, Victorian Funds Management
                                                                                          Corporation and Colonial State Bank.
                             BE, MAICD
                                                                                          Other business and market experience: Carolyn has been
                                                                                          and remains a non-executive director of enterprises across
                        Term of office: Independent non-executive director since
                                                                                          a broad range of industries. She was previously a Guardian
                        June 2023. Member of the Board's Customer and People &
                                                                                          of Australia’s sovereign fund, The Future Fund (2015 to 2023)
                        Remuneration Committees.
                                                                                          and a panel member of the Commonwealth Retirement Income
                        Independent: Yes                                                  Review (2019 to 2020). In the public sector, Carolyn is a member
                        Industry experience: Christine has more than 30 years of          of the Foreign Investment Review Board and in the not-for-
                        experience leading businesses across strategy, marketing,         profit sector, she is on the board of the General Sir John
                        product and brand development, operations and profit and          Monash Foundation and Sydney Grammar School.
                        loss (P&L), driving digital transformation within multinational   During her executive and non-executive careers,
                        organisations in media, communications and technology.            Carolyn gained deep experience in banking, governance,
                        Other business and market experience: Christine has               risk management, business performance, stakeholder
                        extensive experience in leading growth businesses across          engagement, people and culture, and public policy.




For personal use only
                        regional expansion, strategy, operations and P&L roles for        Carolyn was awarded a Centenary Medal for services to
                        prominent US multinationals in media, entertainment and           Australian society in business leadership.
                        technology companies in Asia-Pacific. Most recently she
                                                                                          Directorships of other listed entities:
                        served as the Managing Director of the NBCUniversal Global
                        Networks and Direct to Consumer business in Asia-Pacific,         Scentre Group Limited (since February 2016)
                        overseeing Pay-TV, television and digital services, where she     Other relevant interests: Carolyn's other interests include
                        also served on corporate boards. Prior to that, she held          Rothschild & Co Australia (Chair), Myer Family Investments
                        leadership positions at Comcast International Media Group,        (Director), Foreign Investment Review Board (Member), General
                        Turner Broadcasting System and Omnicom Group.                     Sir John Monash Foundation (Director) and Sydney Grammar
                        Christine has a deep understanding of navigating strategic        School (Trustee).
                        digital transformation while serving broad customer and
                        community interests. Her expertise lies in strategy
                        development, business performance, customer experience,
                        stakeholder engagement and organisational culture, as well
                        as high competency in data and analytics.                           Ms Alison Kitchen AM
                        As co-founder and director of NINEby9 Pte Ltd, a Singapore          BA (Hons), FCA, MAICD
                        based company dedicated to research and advocacy for
                        gender equality in organisations in Asia, Christine actively
                        works towards fostering inclusivity and empowering women in       Term of office: Independent non-executive director since
                        the workplace.                                                    September 2023. Chair of the Board's Audit Committee and
                                                                                          member of the Board’s Customer Committee.
                        Directorships of other listed entities:
                                                                                          Independent: Yes
                        GuocoLand Limited(1) (since January 2024)
                                                                                          Industry experience: Alison has more than 30 years of
                        Former directorships of other listed entities in the past         experience in a variety of management and governance roles
                        3 years:                                                          within the KPMG partnership, as well as serving as lead external
                        VIQ Solutions(2) (from 2022 to August 2023)                       audit partner for a range of ASX-listed organisations, including
                        Other relevant interest: Christine’s other interest includes      five ASX Top 50 companies with global operations. Alison was
                        UWA Business School (Director).                                   the National Chair of KPMG Australia and a member of KPMG’s
                                                                                          Global and Regional boards having responsibility for the overall
                        .                                                                 governance and strategic positioning of the firm.
                                                                                          Alison’s experience extends to providing advice in areas
                                                                                          including audit, transaction support, risk management, internal
                                                                                          controls, business processes and regulatory change to a wide
                             Ms Carolyn Kay                                               range of industries, including financial services. As National
                             LLB, BA, GradDip                                             Chair of KPMG Australia, Alison led KPMG’s Board Leadership
                             Management, FAICD                                            Centre, which champions corporate governance and engages
                                                                                          with directors and business leaders on critical issues driving
                                                                                          board agendas. In that role, Alison gained exposure to a broad
                        Term of office: Independent non-executive director since
                                                                                          range of ESG matters, including climate transition.
                        July 2023. Member of the Board's Audit, Risk & Compliance and
                        Nomination & Governance Committees.                               Other business and market experience: Alison has worked in
                                                                                          geographically diverse and complex operating environments
                        Independent: Yes
                                                                                          and provided advice to industries including energy, mining,
                        Industry experience: Carolyn has more than 30 years of            transport and consumer goods, as well as financial services.
                        experience in the financial services sector in executive and
                                                                                          Alison was awarded a Member of the Order of Australia in 2024.
                        non-executive roles. Carolyn was a lawyer and banker whose
                            (1) Listed on the Singapore Exchange (SGX).
                            (2) Listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSE).


                        70      National Australia Bank
                        Board of Directors (cont.)




                        Directorships of other listed entities:                               Other business and market experience: Doug has more
                        Worley Limited (since July 2024)                                      than 30 years of experience in commercial and leadership
                                                                                              roles in manufacturing and distribution businesses across
                                                                                                                                                                       About
                        Other relevant interests: Alison's other interests                    Australasia having held CEO and Managing Director positions
                        include AirTrunk (Director and Chair of Audit and Risk                in major trans-Tasman companies including Lion Nathan,
                                                                                                                                                                    this report
                        Committee), Australian National University (Pro-Chancellor            Carter Holt Harvey, Goodman Fielder, Sealord and Independent
                        and Chair of Audit and Risk Committee) and Belvoir St                 Liquor. He was the inaugural CEO of the amalgamated Auckland
                        Theatre (Member).                                                     Council. During his executive career, Doug gained deep
                                                                                              commercial, business performance, customer, marketing, risk
                                                                                              management and stakeholder engagement experience. Doug
                                                                                              has private equity experience and a deep understanding of

                                                                                                                                                                    Our business
                                                                                              New Zealand and Australian markets.
                          Ms Anne Loveridge AM                                                Directorships of other listed entities:

                                                                                                                                                                       in 2024
                          BA (Hons), FCA, GAICD                                               Delegat Group Limited(1) (since August 2024)
                                                                                              Vector Limited(1) (since September 2022, Chair since
                        Term of office: Independent non-executive director since              September 2023)
                        December 2015. Member of the Board's Audit, Risk &
                                                                                              Former directorships of other listed entities in the past
                        Compliance and Nomination & Governance Committees. Anne
                                                                                              3 years:




                                                                                                                                                                      Creating value
                        will stand down from the Board following the 2024 AGM having




For personal use only
                        served three terms of three years on the Board.                       Fletcher Building Limited(2) (from September 2018 to June 2024)
                                                                                              Genesis Energy Limited(2) (from June 2014 to September 2022)
                        Independent: Yes
                                                                                              Other relevant interests: Doug is a Director of IAG (NZ)
                        Industry experience: Anne has a strong understanding
                                                                                              Holdings Limited.
                        of banking and financial services, including in the areas
                        of financial and regulatory reporting, accounting, risk
                        management, change management and governance, gained
                        throughout her career as an audit partner, consultant and
                        non-executive director in this sector.
                                                                                                Mr Simon McKeon AO
                                                                                                                                                                    Corporate
                        Other business and market experience: Anne has more than
                        30 years of experience in professional services, including as           BCom, LLB, FAICD                                                   Governance
                                                                                                                                                                   Statement
                        Deputy Chair at PwC. During her career as a senior executive
                        and partner, Anne gained deep experience in business
                                                                                              Term of office: Independent non-executive director since
                        performance, client experience, stakeholder engagement,
                                                                                              February 2020. Chair of the Board’s Risk & Compliance
                        governance, and people and culture. This included a
                                                                                              Committee and member of the Board's Nomination &
                        particular focus on business growth and change management,
                                                                                              Governance Committee.
                        leadership development and succession, performance and

                                                                                                                                                                       Risk
                        reward frameworks and promoting increased diversity.                  Independent: Yes

                        Directorships of other listed entities:                               Industry experience: Simon has more than 40 years of

                                                                                                                                                                    management
                                                                                              experience in a wide range of sectors including financial
                        Accent Group Limited (since November 2023)
                                                                                              services, law, government and charities. During his executive
                        nib Holdings Limited (since February 2017)
                                                                                              career, he held investment banking leadership roles within
                        Platinum Asset Management Limited (since September 2016)
                                                                                              Macquarie Group, including as Executive Chair of its business
                        Other relevant interests: Anne’s other interests include              in Victoria. In his non-executive career, Simon served as
                        Destination NSW (Board Member).                                       AMP Limited Chair (2014-2016) (and non-executive director

                                                                                                                                                                      Report of
                                                                                              2013-2016). Through these roles in the financial services
                                                                                              industry, Simon has gained deep experience in strategy,
                                                                                              business performance, risk management, legal and regulatory

                                                                                                                                                                    the Directors
                                                                                              matters, client experience, stakeholder engagement, and
                          Mr Douglas McKay ONZM
                                                                                              people and culture.
                          BA, AMP (Harvard) CFInstD
                          (NZ)                                                                Other business and market experience: Simon has broad
                                                                                              experience from a range of governance roles in private, public
                                                                                              and social sectors. This includes experience gained as former




                                                                                                                                                                      Financial report
                        Term of office: Independent non-executive director since              Chair of MYOB Limited, CSIRO, MS Research Australia and a
                        February 2016. Member of the Board's Audit and Customer               Federal Government Panel that completed a strategic review
                        Committees. Doug will stand down from the Board following             of health and medical research in 2013.
                        the 2024 AGM, having retired as the Chair of BNZ, a significant
                                                                                              Simon is an active philanthropist and has contributed over
                        subsidiary of NAB.
                                                                                              many years to charitable, educational, public health, social
                        Independent: Yes                                                      housing and other community-based organisations and
                        Industry experience: Doug has gained industry experience as           social causes.
                        Chair of BNZ (2016-2024), and as non-executive director since         Simon has a strong interest in ESG matters, gained through
                        2013. This has supplemented Doug’s extensive experience in            his broad range of roles and experiences. Simon is the Chair
                                                                                                                                                                     Additional
                        business performance, capital management, risk management             of the Australian Industry Energy Transitions Initiative and was
                        and stakeholder engagement with banking context.                      the inaugural President of the Australian Takeovers Panel and

                                                                                                                                                                    information
                                                                                              the Banking and Finance Oath’s Review Panel.

                         (1) Listed on the New Zealand Exchange (NZX).
                         (2) Dual-listed on the New Zealand and Australian stock exchanges.


                                                                                                                                         2024 Annual Report   71
                        Board of Directors (cont.)




                        Former directorships of other listed entities in the past            Incoming Director
                        3 years:                                                             On 25 October 2024, the Board announced the appointment
                        Rio Tinto Group (from January 2019 to May 2024)                      of Warwick Hunt as a non-executive director, effective
                        Other relevant interests: Simon’s other interests include            2 December 2024. Warwick was appointed as the Chair of
                        Greater South East Melbourne (Chair), The Big Issue                  NAB’s significant subsidiary, BNZ, on 1 June 2024. Warwick will
                        (Advisory Board Member) and GFG Alliance Australia (Advisory         stand for election by shareholders at the 2024 AGM as a
                        Board Member).                                                       Board-endorsed candidate. Warwick will be a member of the
                                                                                             Board's Audit and Risk & Compliance Committees.

                                                                                             Former Directors
                                                                                             During the year, the Managing Director retired and two non-
                                                                                             executive directors stood down from the Board at the
                             Ms Ann Sherry AO                                                2023 Annual General Meeting after serving three terms of
                             BA, Grad Dip IR, FAICD, FIPAA                                   three years.


                        Term of office: Independent non-executive director since
                        November 2017. Chair of the Board's Customer Committee and
                        member of the Board's People & Remuneration Committee.
                        Co-Chair of NAB's Indigenous Advisory Group.




For personal use only
                                                                                               Mr Ross McEwan CBE
                        Independent: Yes                                                       BBus
                        Industry experience: Ann had a 12 year banking career at
                        Westpac in senior business and people and culture leadership         Term of office: Group Chief Executive Officer and Managing
                        roles, including as divisional CEO for Westpac New Zealand and       Director from December 2019 to April 2024.
                        Bank of Melbourne, and Group Executive, People & Culture. In
                                                                                             Independent: No
                        these roles, Ann gained deep experience in strategy, business
                        performance, operations, risk management, customer                   Industry experience: Ross has more than 30 years of
                        experience, stakeholder engagement, and people and culture,          experience in the financial services industry, spanning
                        with a strong focus on diversity and inclusion. She also gained      banking, insurance and investment. Prior to joining NAB, Ross
                        broad experience in technology, capital management and               was Group CEO of the Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) from
                        marketing. Ann also served as a director on the ING Group            2013 to 2019. Prior to joining RBS, he held executive roles at
                        Supervisory Board and as a director of ING DIRECT Australia.         Commonwealth Bank of Australia, First NZ Capital Securities
                                                                                             and National Mutual Life Association of Australasia / AXA New
                        Other business and market experience: Ann has significant
                                                                                             Zealand. From this experience, Ross brings a strong focus
                        experience in executive roles within the tourism and transport
                                                                                             on customers, business performance, capital management,
                        industries in Australia and New Zealand, as well as in
                                                                                             technology transformation, risk management, and people and
                        government and public service. She served as CEO and Chair
                                                                                             culture to his current role.
                        of Carnival Australia, the largest cruise ship operator in
                        Australasia and the South Pacific. Earlier in her career, Ann was    Other business and market experience: Ross has deep
                        First Assistant Secretary of the Office of the Status of Women       experience in leading organisations through significant
                        advising the Prime Minister on policies and programmes to            change and recovery.
                        improve the status of women.                                         Directorships of other listed entities (new directorships
                        Ann is an active philanthropist and has contributed over many        since retiring from the NAB Board):
                        years to charitable and social causes. Ann has a deep interest       QinetiQ Group Plc(1) (since March 2024)
                        in ESG matters, with particular interests and experience in
                                                                                             BHP Limited (since April 2024)
                        diversity and Indigenous matters.
                                                                                             Reece Limited (since October 2024)
                        Former directorships of other listed entities in the past
                        3 years:
                        Enero Group Limited (from January 2020 to October 2024)
                        Sydney Airport (from May 2014 to March 2022)
                        Other relevant interests: Ann’s other interests include                Mr David Armstrong
                        Queensland University of Technology (Chancellor), UNICEF
                                                                                               BBus, FCA, MAICD
                        Australia (Chair), Port of Townsville (Chair), Queensland Airports
                        Limited (Chair), Circa (Chair) and Super Members Council (SMC)
                        Australia (Chair).                                                   Term of office: Independent non-executive director from
                                                                                             August 2014 to December 2023.
                                                                                             Independent: Yes
                                                                                             Industry experience: David has a deep understanding of
                                                                                             banking and capital markets gained throughout his career in
                                                                                             professional services, particularly auditing banks and other
                                                                                             financial services’ providers. David is deeply experienced
                                                                                             in accounting, auditing, financial and regulatory reporting,
                                                                                             regulation, risk management, capital management and
                                                                                             governance practices.


                         (1) Listed on the London Stock Exchange.


                        72      National Australia Bank
                        Board of Directors (cont.)




                        Other business and market experience: David has more than          Details of company secretaries of NAB in office at the date of
                        30 years of experience in professional services, including         this report and each company secretary’s qualifications and
                        as a partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC). As well as           experience are below.
                        a deep understanding of banking, David gained significant          Louise Thomson BBus (Dist), FGIA joined the Group in 2000 and           About
                        knowledge of real estate and infrastructure industries during
                                                                                                                                                                this report
                                                                                           was appointed Group Company Secretary in May 2013. Louise
                        his professional services career, as well as international         is Secretary to the Board and the Nomination & Governance
                        experience in North America, Europe and Asia.                      Committee. She has experience in a wide range of finance,
                        Directorships of other listed entities (no change since            risk, regulatory and governance matters.
                        retiring from the NAB Board):                                      Penelope MacRae BA (Hons), LLB (Hons) joined the Group
                        Insurance Australia Group Limited (since September 2021)           in 2011 as a Senior Corporate Lawyer and was appointed

                                                                                                                                                                Our business
                        Other relevant interests: David’s other interests include The      Company Secretary in December 2016. Penny is the Secretary
                        George Institute for Global Health (Chair) and Opera Australia     of the Board's Risk & Compliance Committee and is responsible
                                                                                           for managing the Group's Executive-level Risk Committees.

                                                                                                                                                                   in 2024
                        Capital Fund Limited (Director).
                                                                                           She has experience in a wide range of corporate, legal,
                                                                                           governance, risk and regulatory matters.
                                                                                           Tricia Conte BCom, LLB (Hons) joined the Group in 2006 and
                                                                                           was appointed Company Secretary in November 2018. Tricia is
                                                                                           the Secretary to the Board Audit Committee. She is a Special
                          Mr Peeyush Gupta AM




                                                                                                                                                                  Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                           Counsel in the Legal team and advises the Group on a wide
                          BA, MBA, AMP (Harvard)                                           range of legal, corporate, governance and regulatory matters.

                        Term of office: Independent non-executive director from
                        November 2014 to December 2023.
                        Independent: Yes
                        Industry experience: Peeyush has more than 30 years of
                        experience in financial services, with a particular focus
                        on wealth management. Peeyush was a co-founder and
                                                                                                                                                                Corporate
                        the inaugural CEO of IPAC Securities, a wealth management
                        firm spanning financial advice and institutional portfolio                                                                             Governance
                                                                                                                                                               Statement
                        management, which was acquired by AXA. During his executive
                        career, Peeyush gained deep experience in strategy, business
                        performance, risk management, fiduciary governance and
                        stakeholder engagement.
                        Other business and market experience: Peeyush has


                                                                                                                                                                   Risk
                        significant governance experience as a director on a range
                        of listed, government, private and public sector boards
                        throughout his executive and non-executive career.

                                                                                                                                                                management
                        Directorships of other listed entities (new directorships
                        since retiring from the NAB Board):
                        Dexus Limited (since April 2024)
                        Liberty Financial Group Limited (since July 2024)
                        Former directorships of other listed entities in the past 3

                                                                                                                                                                  Report of
                        years (changes since retiring from the NAB Board):
                        Link Administration Holdings Limited (Link Group) (from

                                                                                                                                                                the Directors
                        November 2016 to June 2024)
                        Charter Hall WALE Limited (from May 2016 to June 2024)
                        Other relevant interests: Peeyush’s other interests include
                        Charter Hall Direct Property Management Limited (Chair),
                        Special Broadcasting Service Corporation (Director), Northern




                                                                                                                                                                  Financial report
                        Territory Aboriginal Investment Corporation (Director),
                        Chartered Accountants Australia & New Zealand (Director) and
                        Cancer Council NSW (Director).

                        Company Secretaries
                        The Group Company Secretary provides advice and support
                        to the Board, and is accountable to the Board, through the
                        Chair, for all matters relating to the proper functioning of the
                        Board and its committees. The Group Company Secretary is
                        responsible for advising the Board on governance matters
                        and ensuring compliance with Board and Board committee                                                                                   Additional
                        charters and procedures.
                        The Group Company Secretary and assistant company                                                                                       information
                        secretaries are appointed and removed by the Board.



                                                                                                                                     2024 Annual Report   73
                        Executive Leadership Team
                        Executive Leadership Team
                        Details of NAB's Executive Leadership Team members in office at the date of this report are below.




                             Andrew Irvine
                             BSc Business Management                                        Nathan Goonan
                             (Hons), MBA                                                    BCom, BAgrSc (Hons)


                        Refer to the Board of Directors on page 69 for Andrew             Nathan Goonan was appointed as Group Chief Financial Officer
                        Irvine's biography.                                               in July 2023. Nathan joined NAB in 2004 before working in
                                                                                          investment banking. Since re-joining NAB in 2013, he has
                                                                                          held several executive-level roles in corporate strategy and
                                                                                          mergers and acquisitions, including Group Executive Strategy
                                                                                          and Innovation.

                             Cathryn Carver




For personal use only
                             BEcon&Fin


                        Cathryn was appointed as Group Executive, Corporate and
                                                                                            Daniel Huggins
                        Institutional Banking in July 2024. In a career spanning more
                                                                                            BCom (Hons), MBA, MEM
                        than 30 years, Cathryn has extensive, global experience in
                        capital markets, corporate finance, wealth and institutional
                        banking. Since joining NAB in 2016, she has held senior           Daniel Huggins was appointed as BNZ Managing Director and
                        executive roles focusing on corporate and institutional           Chief Executive Officer in October 2021. Daniel has over
                        markets and prior to this, she held leadership roles at ANZ,      20 years of experience in banking, corporate and financial
                        Westpac and Macquarie Bank.                                       services. Since joining BNZ in 2020, Daniel held an executive-
                                                                                          level role focused on customer, products and services. Prior
                                                                                          to joining BNZ, he worked at the Commonwealth Bank of
                                                                                          Australia and McKinsey & Company.


                             Sharon Cook
                             BA, LLB (Hons)

                                                                                            Ana Marinkovic
                        Sharon Cook was appointed Group Executive, Legal &
                                                                                            BA, MBA
                        Commercial Services in April 2017. In October 2024, Sharon's
                        title changed to Group Executive, Customer & Corporate
                        Services. She is responsible for Legal, Governance, Regulatory    Ana Marinkovic was appointed Group Executive, Personal Bank
                        Affairs, Customer Complaints, the Office of the Customer          in April 2024. She has more than 20 years of experience in
                        Advocate, Customer Remediation and Financial Hardship at          senior banking roles across strategy, payments, mortgages,
                        NAB. Sharon has more than 30 years of experience as a             contact centres, technology and operations in consumer and
                        lawyer. For over 8 years before joining NAB, Sharon led major     commercial divisions. Ana joined NAB in 2019 and became the
                        commercial law firms.                                             Executive General Manager Business Direct and Small Business
                                                                                          in 2020.




                             Shaun Dooley
                             BEc, MS                                                        Les Matheson
                                                                                            BCom (Hons)
                        Shaun Dooley was appointed Group Chief Risk Officer in
                        October 2018. Prior to his current role, he was Group Treasurer   Les Matheson was appointed as Group Chief Operating
                        and also led the Institutional Banking, Corporate Finance and     Officer in January 2021. During 2024, he took on additional
                        Financial Institutions teams. Shaun joined NAB in 1992 as a       responsibilities and his title changed to Group Executive,
                        relationship banker in the Corporate Banking group. Prior to      Digital, Data and Chief Operating Officer. Effective 1 October
                        joining NAB, Shaun worked for Chase Manhattan Bank Australia      2024, his title reverted to Group Chief Operating Officer. Les
                        and Elders Finance Group.                                         has 26 years of experience in banking and finance across
                                                                                          Europe and Asia Pacific. Prior to joining NAB, he was CEO of
                                                                                          the Retail Bank at RBS and was also responsible for Ulster Bank
                                                                                          in Ireland. Les had a long career with Citigroup, including Chief
                                                                                          Country Officer for Australia. He is a Certified Bank Director
                                                                                          (The Institute of Bankers UK) and a Fellow of the Chartered
                                                                                          Bankers Institute (UK).


                        74     National Australia Bank
                        Executive Leadership Team (cont.)




                                                                                          Former Executive Leadership Team members
                                                                                          Three Executive Leadership Team members announced they

                                                                                                                                                                    About
                                                                                          would leave the Group during the 2024 financial year. They are
                                                                                          reported as Key Management Personnel (KMP) for part of 2024
                                                                                          in the Remuneration Report.
                                                                                                                                                                 this report
                          Rachel Slade
                          BEc (Hons)


                        Rachel Slade was appointed as Group Executive, Business
                        and Private Banking in April 2024. Prior to this, she was the
                        Group Executive, Personal Banking, and has over 20 years of         Ross McEwan CBE

                                                                                                                                                                 Our business
                        experience in banking. Since joining NAB in 2017, Rachel has        BBus
                        held several executive-level roles in deposits and transaction


                                                                                                                                                                    in 2024
                        services, and customer experience, and joined the Executive
                                                                                          Ross announced his retirement from the Group in February
                        Leadership Team in October 2018. Prior to joining NAB, she
                                                                                          2024, effective from 1 July 2024 and ceased to be a KMP on
                        held several executive-level positions at Westpac, including in
                                                                                          2 April 2024. Refer to the Board of Directors on page 72 for
                        Global Transactional Services and in the Retail and Business
                                                                                          Ross McEwan's biography.
                        divisions. Rachel is a graduate of the Women’s Leadership
                        program at Harvard Business School.




                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                            David Gall
                                                                                            BSc, BBus, MBA (Exec)
                          Sarah White
                                                                                          David Gall was appointed Group Executive, Corporate and
                                                                                          Institutional Banking in October 2018. David has over 30 years
                        Sarah White was appointed as Group Executive, People &
                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate
                                                                                          of experience in corporate, business and retail banking,
                        Culture in August 2023. Sarah joined the NAB Executive
                                                                                          working capital services, risk and payments. Since joining NAB
                        Leadership Team after more than five years as Chief of
                        Staff to the Group Chief Executive Officer. Prior to that
                                                                                          in 2008, David has held executive roles in Corporate Banking          Governance
                                                                                          and Specialised Business, Global Transaction Banking and
                        she was Executive General Manager, Talent and Leadership,
                                                                                          Payments, and as Group Chief Risk Officer. Prior to joining NAB,      Statement
                        in addition to a number of other key executive roles in
                                                                                          David was a Group Executive of Strategy and Retail Business
                        People & Culture. Sarah has extensive experience in business
                                                                                          at St George Bank. David is a Senior Fellow of the Financial
                        partnering, coaching executives and senior leaders, leading
                                                                                          Services Institute of Australasia (FINSIA). In April 2024, David
                        complex change and business transformation.
                                                                                          announced he would leave the Group on 1 October 2024 and

                                                                                                                                                                    Risk
                                                                                          ceased to be a KMP on 1 July 2024.



                                                                                          Refer to the 2023 Annual Report for information on Angela              management
                          Patrick Wright
                                                                                          Mentis, who retired as Group Chief Digital, Data and Analytics
                          BBA, BMIS
                                                                                          Officer on 31 October 2023.

                        Patrick was appointed to the role of Group Executive,

                                                                                                                                                                   Report of
                        Technology and Enterprise Operations in April 2017. Prior to
                        joining NAB, he was Chief Operations and Technology Officer

                                                                                                                                                                 the Directors
                        at Barclaycard and Chief Operations Officer at Barclays
                        America. Patrick has more than 30 years of experience in
                        the banking and technology sectors, giving him extensive
                        experience in driving major transformations in large financial
                        services companies.




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                  Additional

                                                                                                                                                                 information




                                                                                                                                     2024 Annual Report    75
                        Board roles and responsibilities
                        The Board guides the strategic direction of NAB and represents shareholders’ interests by overseeing activities that create
                        sustainable value.
                        The roles and responsibilities of the Board, including the matters that are specifically reserved to the Board and those delegated
                        to management, are set out in the Board Charter which is available in the Corporate Governance section at nab.com.au/about-
                        us/corporate-governance. Key elements of the Board’s roles and responsibilities are described below.
                        The Board Charter sets out the specific responsibilities of the Chair. The Chair’s primary responsibility is to lead the Board and
                        oversee the processes used by the Board in performing its role.
                        The Board delegates certain powers to Board committees to help it fulfil its roles and responsibilities. Committee roles and
                        responsibilities are set out in the respective charters and Board Committee Operating Rules, which are also available in the
                        Corporate Governance section at nab.com.au/about-us/corporate-governance.
                        The Board has delegated management of the Company to the Group CEO. Except for any specific powers reserved by the Board,
                        or matters specifically delegated by the Board to others, the Group CEO may make all decisions and take any necessary action
                        to carry out the management of the Group. The Group CEO is accountable to the Board in exercising this delegated authority. The
                        Board Charter also sets out the responsibilities of the Group CEO.

                         Key element             Board's roles and responsibilities




For personal use only
                         Leadership and          •     Represent shareholders and serve the interests of the Company by overseeing and evaluating the Company’s
                         stakeholder focus             strategies, performance, frameworks and policies.
                                                 •     Ensure that stakeholders are kept informed of the Company’s performance and major developments affecting
                                                       its state of affairs.
                                                 •     Approve the Company’s purpose, values and Code of Conduct to underpin the desired culture within
                                                       the Company and oversee that the Company’s culture is focused on sound risk management and
                                                       customer outcomes.
                                                 •     Oversee that an appropriate framework exists for relevant information to be reported by management to the
                                                       Board and whenever required challenge management and hold it to account.
                                                 •     With the guidance of the Customer Committee, oversee the importance given to the voice of the customer and
                                                       the focus on customer outcomes.
                         Strategy                •     Guide the strategic direction of the Company and monitor the execution of strategies and business
                         and performance               performance to oversee that sustainable value is being built for shareholders. This includes business
                                                       unit strategies and strategies for critical enablers such as technology, digital, data and analytics, and
                                                       human capital.
                                                 •     Make decisions concerning capital structure and dividend policy.
                                                 •     Approve major capital expenditure and other major business initiatives.
                         External reporting      •     With the guidance of the Audit Committee, review and approve the Group's annual and half yearly financial
                                                       statements, other sections of the Annual Report and any reports that accompany them, including the
                                                       Climate Report.
                                                 •     With the guidance of the Audit Committee, review management processes aimed at ensuring the integrity of
                                                       financial statements, and the financial and external reporting processes of the Group.
                         Risk management         •     With the guidance of the Risk & Compliance Committee, satisfy itself that the Group has in place an appropriate
                                                       Risk Management Framework for financial and non-financial risks by overseeing related frameworks and
                                                       internal compliance and control systems. This includes risk management related to financial crime, technology,
                                                       information security, cyber resilience and sustainability, including environmental and human rights risks.
                         Remuneration            •     With the guidance of the People & Remuneration Committee, review and approve the Group’s remuneration
                                                       framework including remuneration policy and satisfy itself that the remuneration framework and outcomes are
                                                       aligned with the Company’s purpose, values, strategic objectives and risk appetite.
                         Appointment and         •     Appoint a Group CEO and Managing Director and approve key executive appointments.
                         succession              •     Monitor and review executive succession planning.
                         planning
                                                 •     With the guidance of the Nomination & Governance Committee, plan for Board renewal, appoint non-executive
                                                       directors to the Board and select a Chair.




                        76   National Australia Bank
                        Key Board activities
                        Key Board activities in 2024
                        •   Leadership renewal - The Board appointed a new CEO for the Group following an extensive succession planning and selection

                                                                                                                                                                      About
                            process. CEO transition was executed in an orderly and effective manner. The Board approved changes to the Executive
                            Leadership Team following CEO transition and met with Group Executives in new roles to hear their fresh perspectives and

                                                                                                                                                                   this report
                            how they were stepping into their new accountabilities. Directors appointed in 2023 completed their in-depth induction and
                            immersion program during 2024. The Board Nomination & Governance Committee commenced the next phase of the Board's
                            medium-term renewal strategy and plan, working in consultation with the Board.
                        •   Strategy and business performance – The Board remains focused on creating sustainable shareholder value. At each major
                            Board meeting, the Board received reports on business performance and execution of the Group’s strategy to monitor
                            progress. The Board periodically received reports on execution of strategies at a business unit level to understand operating

                                                                                                                                                                   Our business
                            context, as well as specific strategic initiatives, such as, integration of acquisitions and technology modernisation plans. The
                            Board approved the Group’s corporate plan in October 2023 and had several sessions with management during 2024 on the
                            evolution of NAB's strategy. Directors also participated in several workshops and engagement sessions to hear external

                                                                                                                                                                      in 2024
                            perspectives from experts. The Board and Directors also met with investors to hear their perspectives.
                        •   Technology - The Board remains focused on technology as a critical enabler of NAB’s business. At each major Board meeting,
                            the Board received reports from the Group Executive, Technology and Enterprise Operations, as well as updates on the
                            development and execution of NAB’s technology strategy. The Board and its Risk & Compliance Committee held multiple
                            technology-related workshops to deepen directors' understanding of NAB's technology operating environment, strategy and




                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value




For personal use only
                            plans. Workshops covered NAB's technology estate, platforms, digital initiatives, including Generative AI, and technology
                            risks, including information security and cyber resilience, technology currency and third party vendors. The Board also heard
                            external perspectives on business-led technology modernisation.
                        •   Financial and capital management – The Board remains focused on business momentum, supporting customers and driving
                            growth, which requires prudent balance sheet and capital management. The Board received regular reports on financial
                            performance, capital, funding and liquidity. The Board approved the 2023 full year and 2024 half year financial reports, the 2023
                            final and 2024 interim dividends, the Group's budget, the capital management strategy and on-market buy-back programs.
                            Directors participated in workshops on capital adequacy and liquidity stress testing.

                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate
                        •   Risk management – The Board remains focused on risk management, governance, accountability and culture. This focus
                            requires strong risk governance and an effective Risk Management Framework operated by management. The Board received
                            regular reports from the Group Chief Risk Officer on financial and non-financial risks, including emerging risks and issues,          Governance
                            and from the Group Money Laundering Reporting Officer on financial crime risk. The Board approved the risk management
                            strategy, the risk appetite statement and policies for managing financial and non-financial risks. The management of financial        Statement
                            crime risks, cyber and technology risks, and environmental and social risks were areas of focus, as well as emerging risks
                            related to the economic and geopolitical environment and climate vulnerability. Directors participated in multiple workshops
                            to deepen directors’ understanding of specific risks, including model risk, and several technology-related risks. Multiple
                            workshops were also held in preparation for the implementation of a new prudential standard, CPS 230 Operational Risk

                                                                                                                                                                      Risk
                            Management. Directors also participated in two scenario exercises during 2024.
                        •   People and culture – The Board remains focused on engaged, capable colleagues who are aligned to the Group’s values,

                                                                                                                                                                   management
                            purpose and strategy. The Board received regular reports from the Group Executive, People and Culture on people-related
                            matters, including progress in the execution of the colleague strategy and achieving NAB’s target culture, and health,
                            safety and wellbeing. The Board held workshops on leadership and succession planning and met with a range of senior
                            leaders in formal and informal settings. The Board approved scorecards and performance outcomes for the Group CEO,
                            Group Executives and certain other senior executives. The Board also approved the Group Performance Indicators used for
                            the Group Variable Reward Plan and determined the final outcome. Directors participated in site visits to operational and


                                                                                                                                                                     Report of
                            customer-facing teams, and some directors travelled to New Zealand, India and Vietnam to meet with directors, leaders and
                            teams in those locations. Some directors also visited NAB's business operations in countries they were visiting for other
                            purposes, including London, Paris and New York.

                                                                                                                                                                   the Directors
                        •   Customers – The Board and directors met with customers and customer advocates (internal and external) throughout the
                            year to hear their feedback and perspectives. The Board also focused on matters impacting customers, including customer
                            vulnerability, scams, customers experiencing financial hardship, servicing experience, cyber risks, integration of acquisitions,
                            digital customer experience, product governance, compliance with product and conduct obligations, customer remediation,
                            and cash distribution services in Australia.




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report
                        •   Environmental and social – The Board considered the Group’s decarbonisation targets to meet NAB's NZBA commitment, after
                            investing time in education on climate change transition. The Chair, Group CEO and directors met customers to hear about
                            their approach to climate transition. The Board reviewed and approved NAB's 2024-2027 Reconciliation Action Plan and Modern
                            Slavery Statement. The Board also received updates on NAB's ESG performance and priorities, stakeholder engagement on
                            NAB's approach and progress on climate transition and NAB's social impact program. Directors participated in a session with
                            an external expert to deepen their understanding of nature-related financial disclosures.
                        •   Regulatory and other stakeholder engagement – The Board remains focused on maintaining solid relationships with
                            regulators and other stakeholders. The Board received regular reports on regulatory engagement, government engagement,
                            key legal and regulatory matters, and trust and reputation. The Board met with the Group’s main regulators throughout the

                                                                                                                                                                    Additional
                            year to obtain feedback and share perspectives on priorities, industry risks and issues, and reform. The Group's AUSTRAC EU
                            was a key area of focus. The Board held workshops on the transition from BEAR to FAR.

                                                                                                                                                                   information




                                                                                                                                        2024 Annual Report   77
                        Key Board activities (cont.)




                        Board planning and agenda setting
                        Board meetings are an essential part of corporate governance at NAB. They are the main way for the Board to have oversight
                        of the Group’s strategy and performance and allow the Board to set expectations of management. The Board approves its
                        calendar of meetings two years in advance to ensure that directors can attend meetings. Recurring agenda items include
                        business performance, strategy execution and development, capital management, risk management, financial reporting, people
                        and culture, regulatory and other stakeholder engagement and ESG matters. Unstructured time is also factored into Board
                        meetings and there is flexibility for ad hoc matters to be raised. Meetings with NAB’s main regulators are also planned at the start
                        of the year.
                        The Board’s annual calendar is made up of six multi-day programs for Board and committee meetings and workshops as well as
                        five shorter Board meetings for specific purposes. In 2024, two Board meetings were held in addition to scheduled meetings;
                        both related to CEO succession. Outside of scheduled Board programs, directors participated in external engagements and site
                        visits, including operational site visits in Australia, India, Vietnam and New Zealand.
                        In the first Board program of each calendar year, the Board sets it priorities for the year ahead. These priorities are to
                        provide clarity on topics that the Board wishes to spend its time on, over and above business as usual matters. In 2024, the
                        Board’s priorities were: leadership renewal; technology roadmap; risk reduction and improving resilience; customer outcomes in
                        a challenging economic environment; and ESG.
                        So that the Board and committees’ time is used efficiently and discussions reflect the Bank’s priorities, agendas are reviewed
                        by the respective Chairs, in consultation with the Group Company Secretary, Group CEO and relevant Group Executives. Forward




For personal use only
                        planners are used to provide the Board and committees with a comprehensive view of the agendas planned for the year, with
                        opportunities to actively adjust as priorities change. The forward planner is the key framework for Board reporting and is used to
                        balance time allocated to strategic and business topics, as well as regulatory and legal obligations.
                        The Board also retains flexibility for ad hoc matters to be discussed at meetings or in private sessions where appropriate. Steps
                        are taken to facilitate effective communication between management and the Board ahead of Board and committee meetings.
                        These include responsible management providing input into certain agenda items and attending pre-meetings between Chairs
                        and the Group Company Secretary. After the meetings, actions for follow up are shared so that requests of management are
                        clear. To aid effective decision making, a consistent approach to writing Board and committee papers is promoted through the
                        use of templates, guidance and feedback.

                        Attendance at meetings
                        Details of director attendance at Board and committee meetings in 2024 are set out below.
                        All directors receive copies of agendas, papers and minutes of committee meetings to help ensure they have equal access
                        to that information regardless of whether they are appointed to a particular committee. All directors may attend committee
                        meetings even if they are not a member of a committee. The table below excludes the attendance of directors at committee
                        meetings where they were not a committee member.

                                                                       Board                                                           Committees
                                                           Scheduled         Unscheduled                            Risk &            People &                             Nomination &
                                                           meetings(1)        meetings              Audit         Compliance        Remuneration          Customer         Governance
                                                           Attended /          Attended /        Attended /       Attended /          Attended /         Attended /          Attended /
                                                              Held                Held              Held             Held                Held               Held                Held
                         Current directors
                         Phil Chronican                        11/11               2/2                 -                -                   -                  -                  7/7
                         Ross McEwan                           6/6                  -                  -                -                   -                  -                   -
                         Andrew Irvine(2)                      4/5                  -                  -                -                   -                  -                   -
                         David Armstrong(3)                    4/4                 1/1                1/1              3/3                  -                  -                   -
                         Kathryn Fagg                          11/11               2/2                 -               7/7                 9/9                 -                   -
                         Christine Fellowes(4)                 11/11               2/2                 -                -                  8/8                6/6                  -
                         Peeyush Gupta    (3)
                                                               4/4                 1/1                1/1              3/3                  -                  -                   -
                         Carolyn Kay(4)                        11/11               2/2                4/4              7/7                  -                  -                  7/7
                         Alison Kitchen(4)                     11/11               2/2                5/5               -                   -                 6/6                  -
                         Anne Loveridge(4)                     11/11               2/2                4/4              6/6                 2/2                3/3                 7/7
                         Doug McKay                            11/11               2/2                5/5               -                   -                 6/6                  -
                         Simon McKeon                          11/11               2/2                 -               7/7                  -                  -                  7/7
                         Ann Sherry                            11/11               2/2                 -                -                  9/9                6/6                  -
                         (1) Several workshops were held for the Board and committees during scheduled Board programs in 2024, and are not shown as additional meetings in the table above.
                         (2) Mr Irvine missed one Board meeting scheduled on the day he commenced as Group CEO to prioritise engaging with colleagues and other stakeholders.
                         (3) Mr Armstrong and Mr Gupta stood down as non-executive Directors from December 2023.
                         (4) From December 2023, Ms Fellowes joined the People & Remuneration Committee, Ms Kay joined the Audit and Nomination & Governance Committees, Ms Loveridge
                             joined the Audit and Risk & Compliance Committees, and Ms Kitchen joined the Customer Committee.




                        78   National Australia Bank
                        Board composition, diversity
                        and performance
                        Board composition                                                                                                                            About

                                                                                                                                                                  this report
                        Composition of the Board is informed by a number of factors, including the following key principles:
                        •   The Board will be of an appropriate size to allow efficient decision making.
                        •   The Board must consist of a majority of independent non-executive directors.
                        •   The Board should consist of directors with a broad range of skills, experience and expertise, and different facets of diversity,
                            including gender.


                                                                                                                                                                  Our business
                        •   The Chair must be an independent non-executive director and must not have been a NAB executive or the Group CEO in the
                            previous three years.


                                                                                                                                                                     in 2024
                        Further detail about directors’ independence is on page 82.
                        NAB has a Group Fit and Proper and FAR Suitability Policy that addresses the requirements of APRA Prudential Standard CPS 520 Fit
                        and Proper and supports compliance with the obligations of the FAR.
                        This Policy requires an annual assessment of the directors, certain members of senior management and responsible auditors,
                        including a determination of whether they have the appropriate competence, character, diligence, honesty, integrity and
                        judgement to perform their role.




                                                                                                                                                                    Creating value




For personal use only
                        The Board, with the assistance of the Nomination & Governance Committee, has reviewed and taken into consideration the
                        existing workload of directors and concluded that each director has sufficient capacity to undertake the duties expected of a
                        director of NAB.
                        As a Board vacancy approaches, the Nomination & Governance Committee assesses the skills and experience required, which
                        informs the identification of suitable candidates. The most suitable candidate is appointed by the Board after appropriate
                        checks are undertaken, including assessment in accordance with the Group Fit and Proper and FAR Suitability Policy, and is
                        subject to election by shareholders at the next AGM.
                        The key terms and conditions of a director’s appointment are formally documented in a letter of appointment. This process was
                        followed for all directors on the Board.                                                                                                  Corporate
                        Newly appointed directors must stand for election by shareholders at the next AGM. In addition, the NAB Constitution requires            Governance
                        that at each AGM, non-executive directors who have held office for at least three years without re-election, or beyond the
                        third AGM following their appointment or last election (whichever is longer) must retire from office and are eligible to stand           Statement
                        for re-election.
                        Before each AGM, the Board assesses the performance of each director due to stand for election or re-election and decides
                        whether to recommend to shareholders that they vote in favour of the election or re-election of each relevant director. Further


                                                                                                                                                                     Risk
                        details on NAB’s directors is provided on pages 69 to 73.

                        Board renewal
                                                                                                                                                                  management
                        During the year, after consulting with the Board, the Nomination & Governance Committee reviewed the three-year Board
                        renewal strategy and plans. This included reviewing the highest priority skills to bring on to the Board over the short and
                        medium-term, considering anticipated retirements at the end of 2024. The highest priority competency areas for future director
                        appointments are technology transformation, banking and CEO experience. Broader technology and ESG skills and experience
                        are also desirable. The Nomination & Governance Committee and the Board aim to identify, select and nominate candidates who
                        are able to contribute broadly in the boardroom, not only in areas of deep competency, and who add different facets of diversity

                                                                                                                                                                    Report of
                        to the Board. The Nomination & Governance Committee is working with an external recruitment consultant.
                        Two directors, Anne Loveridge and Doug McKay, will stand down from the Board following the 2024 AGM. By that time, Anne will

                                                                                                                                                                  the Directors
                        have completed three terms of three years on the Board. During 2024, Doug retired as the Chair of NAB's significant subsidiary,
                        BNZ, on 31 May.
                        The Nomination & Governance Committee nominated one candidate to the Board and on 25 October 2024, the Board announced
                        the appointment of Warwick Hunt as a non-executive director, effective 2 December 2024. Warwick was appointed as the Chair of
                        BNZ on 1 June 2024. Warwick will stand as a Board-endorsed candidate for election by shareholders at the 2024 AGM, as required




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial report
                        under NAB’s Constitution. Warwick will be a member of the Board's Audit and Risk & Compliance Committees.
                        Further detail on NAB’s directors is provided on pages 69 to 73.




                                                                                                                                                                   Additional

                                                                                                                                                                  information




                                                                                                                                       2024 Annual Report   79
                        Board composition, diversity and performance (cont.)




                        Skills matrix
                        Each year NAB assesses the skills and experience of each director and combined capabilities of the Board. The insights from this
                        assessment are documented in a skills matrix that is:
                        •    Considered in the context of NAB’s business and its strategic needs.
                        •    Incorporated into Board succession planning and the selection of new directors.
                        •    Used to inform areas of focus for the Board’s continuing education and use of external expertise.
                        To prepare the skills matrix, each director rates their skills, expertise and experience against several competency areas that are
                        then mapped to the skills matrix. The self-assessment ratings and skills matrix are reviewed and calibrated by the Nomination &
                        Governance Committee on behalf of the Board.
                        The skills matrix presented here demonstrates alignment of the Board’s responsibilities with the current mix of skills on
                        the Board.
                        With the addition of new directors in 2023, the Board believes the current mix of skills, experience and expertise of directors
                        (as shown on the skills matrix) provides a diverse range of views and perspectives for the effective governance, oversight and
                        strategic leadership of NAB. The Board also invested in continuing education and engagement activities throughout 2024 to
                        continue to develop directors’ competencies in the following key areas:
                        •    Digital and technology topics – core banking modernisation, technology estate, platform architecture, technology
                             risks (including specific sessions on information security, technology currency and vendor management), operational




For personal use only
                             resilience, and digital innovation including Generative AI. This included hearing external perspectives on business-led
                             technology modernisation.
                        •    Environmental and social topics – Climate transition (risks, transition opportunities, target setting methodologies and
                             practices) and nature-related financial disclosures. This included meeting with external experts and customers on
                             these topics.
                        •    Risk management in banking – Crisis management, cyber resilience, information security, operational risk management, model
                             risk, the domestic and international regulatory landscape and scenario exercises.
                        •    People-related topics – Succession planning, health and safety, and concepts from NAB’s Distinctive Leadership Program.
                        •    Stakeholders – Investor, customer, regulatory and government perspectives. This included meetings with representatives
                             from each of these areas to hear and discuss their perspectives.

                            Skills and experience        Explanation                                                             Collective
                                                         Experience outside NAB in significant components of the financial
                            Banking and financial        services industry, including banking and equity and debt capital
                            services experience          markets. Strong knowledge of the regulatory environment. Includes       Moderate     Strong   Very Strong
                                                         advisory roles to the industry.
                                                         Skills gained while performing at a senior executive level for a
                            Leadership and               considerable length of time. Includes delivering superior results,
                            commercial acumen            running complex businesses, leading complex projects and issues,        Moderate     Strong   Very Strong
                                                         and leading workplace culture.
                                                         Good understanding of financial statements and drivers of financial
                            Financial acumen             performance for a business of significant size, including ability to
                                                                                                                                 Moderate     Strong   Very Strong
                                                         assess the effectiveness of financial controls.
                                                         Experience in delivering customer outcomes and deepening
                            Customer outcomes
                                                         relationships in customer segments.                                     Moderate     Strong   Very Strong
                                                         Experience in anticipating and evaluating financial and non-financial
                                                         risks that could impact the business. Recognising and managing
                                                         these risks by developing sound risk management frameworks and
                            Risk management
                                                         providing oversight. Includes experience in managing compliance         Moderate     Strong   Very Strong
                                                         risks and regulatory relationships, as well as an understanding of
                                                         cyber resilience and technology risks.
                                                         Experience in developing, setting and executing strategic direction.
                            Strategy                     Experience in driving growth and transformation and executing
                                                                                                                                 Moderate     Strong   Very Strong
                                                         against a clear strategy.
                                                         Publicly listed company experience, extensive experience in and
                                                         commitment to the highest standards of governance, experience in
                            Governance
                                                         the establishment and oversight of governance frameworks, policies      Moderate     Strong   Very Strong
                                                         and processes.
                                                         Experience in oversight of technology for businesses of a significant
                            Digital
                                                         scale and implementing business transformations through the use
                            and technology                                                                                       Moderate     Strong   Very Strong
                                                         of technology, including digital, data and analytics, and innovation.
                                                         Experience in building workforce capability, setting a remuneration
                            People
                                                         framework that attracts and retains a high calibre of executives, and
                            and remuneration                                                                                     Moderate     Strong   Very Strong
                                                         promotion of diversity and inclusion.
                            Environmental                Understanding potential risks and opportunities from an
                            and social                   environmental and social perspective.                                   Moderate     Strong   Very Strong




                        80     National Australia Bank
                        Board composition, diversity and performance (cont.)




                        Board tenure and gender statistics(1)


                                                                                                                                                                                           About
                         Board tenure                                                                                                                    %
                         0-3 years                                                                                                                       40.0

                                                                                                                                                                                        this report
                         3-6 years                                                                                                                       20.0
                         6-9 years                                                                                                                       40.0


                         Board gender diversity                                                                                                          %
                         Female                                                                                                                          66.7


                                                                                                                                                                                        Our business
                         Male                                                                                                                            33.3


                        Board performance                                                                      Group's strategic objectives and risk appetite, encouraging

                                                                                                                                                                                           in 2024
                                                                                                               behaviours that mitigate against financial and non-financial
                        Directors comprehensively prepare for, attend and participate
                                                                                                               risks and aligning with risk, conduct and values outcomes. The
                        in Board and committee meetings.
                                                                                                               Group reward offering incorporates a range of recognition,
                        The Board recognises the importance of continuously                                    financial and other well-being benefits such as training,
                        monitoring and improving its performance and that of its                               education and flexible work arrangements.
                        committees. Under their respective charters, the Board




                                                                                                                                                                                          Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                                               Progress has also been made on other key colleague
                        and committees are required to assess their performance
                                                                                                               initiatives including colleague learning and other
                        annually, which was undertaken during the year. An
                                                                                                               enhancements to the employee value proposition offered by
                        independent external performance evaluation of the Board
                                                                                                               NAB including the performance framework and other benefits
                        and its committees is conducted every three years, or as
                                                                                                               available to colleagues.
                        otherwise determined by the Board. An independent external
                        performance evaluation was last undertaken in 2022.                                    Further detail about NAB’s executive and colleague
                                                                                                               remuneration frameworks, including NAB’s policies and
                        The results of the internal assessments undertaken in
                                                                                                               practices regarding the remuneration of non-executive
                        2024 were that the Board and each of its committees
                                                                                                               directors, the Group CEO, Group Executives and other
                                                                                                                                                                                        Corporate
                        continue to operate effectively. In the spirit of continuous
                                                                                                               colleagues, is set out in the Remuneration Report.
                        improvement, the Board agreed actions to further improve
                        its effectiveness, focused in the following areas: streamlining
                                                                                                               Shareholder engagement                                                  Governance
                        information reported to the Board; increasing customer
                        centricity in governance; and increased oversight of                                   NAB values open, timely and transparent communication                   Statement
                        technology modernisation, offshore subsidiaries, and talent                            and engages with shareholders and investors in many
                        and succession planning.                                                               ways including:
                        Directors’ individual performance is also assessed annually.                           •     Sending electronic communications, such as open letters
                                                                                                                     and publications from the Chair and the Group CEO on key

                                                                                                                                                                                           Risk
                        Each director participated in an individual performance
                        interview with the Chair in 2024 and the Chair also received                                 developments and matters of interest.
                        performance feedback.                                                                  •     Providing information about NAB on its website, including in

                                                                                                                                                                                        management
                                                                                                                     relation to the Group’s policies and governance practices
                        Responsible remuneration                                                                     and media releases.
                        The People & Remuneration Committee supports the Board                                 •     Providing shareholders with options on how they choose to
                        to discharge its responsibilities relating to people and                                     receive communications (electronically or by post).
                        remuneration strategies, policies and practices of the Group.
                                                                                                               •     Directly responding to shareholder enquiries by email,


                                                                                                                                                                                          Report of
                        As part of its role, the committee monitors NAB’s executive                                  phone and post.
                        and Group remuneration frameworks to ensure they reinforce                             •     Periodic trading updates, financial results and reports, ASX
                        our focus on customers, align with long-term sustainable                                     announcements, investor presentations and briefings (all

                                                                                                                                                                                        the Directors
                        shareholder value, comply with governance, legal and                                         of which are available in the Shareholder Centre section at
                        regulatory requirements and are informed by risk, reputation,                                nab.com.au/shareholder).
                        conduct and values outcomes.
                                                                                                               •     In situations when the Group hosts an analyst and
                        The executive remuneration framework is designed to                                          investor presentation including interim and end of
                        provide appropriate and fair remuneration to NAB's Executive                                 financial year results, supporting materials are released




                                                                                                                                                                                          Financial report
                        Leadership Team while supporting the Group’s purpose,                                        on the ASX Market Announcement Platform ahead of the
                        strategic objectives and risk appetite, and reflecting the                                   presentation commencing.
                        expectations of customers, regulators and shareholders. The
                                                                                                               •     Webcasting of significant market briefings and meetings,
                        performance, risk and conduct of the Executive Leadership
                                                                                                                     including the AGM.
                        Team is evaluated a minimum of two times in each reporting
                        period, with a mid-year review undertaken in March and an                              •     The Chair, Group CEO, Group CFO and other senior
                        end of year review undertaken in September. The review                                       executives meet with domestic and offshore institutional
                        of performance is jointly undertaken by the People &                                         investors throughout the year.
                        Remuneration Committee and the Board Risk & Compliance                                 NAB also engages directly with investment analysts, proxy
                        Committee. Outcomes of the review are provided to the Board
                                                                                                                                                                                         Additional
                                                                                                               advisors and the Australian Shareholders’ Association.
                        for approval.
                                                                                                               NAB’s 2024 AGM will be conducted as a hybrid meeting.
                        The Group remuneration framework is informed by NAB's
                                                                                                                                                                                        information
                                                                                                               Shareholders will have the opportunity to view presentations,
                        remuneration principles and is designed to fairly remunerate                           ask questions and submit votes at the physical meeting or
                        colleagues while supporting the Colleague strategy and the                             online during the AGM.
                         (1) Tenure and gender statistics are for non-executive directors as at 30 September 2024.


                                                                                                                                                             2024 Annual Report   81
                        Board composition, diversity and performance (cont.)




                        As in prior years, NAB will again invite shareholders to submit    information as and when changes occur, and each non-
                        questions in advance of the 2024 AGM, to help NAB understand       executive director is required to make an annual disclosure
                        and address areas of interest or concern.                          to the Board of all relevant information.
                        Each substantive resolution considered at the AGM will be          A register of directors’ material interests is maintained and
                        conducted by a poll. The Board considers that voting by a poll     periodically reviewed by each director.
                        is in the interests of shareholders as a whole and ensures         If a director is involved with another company or firm that may
                        that the views of as many shareholders as possible are             have dealings with NAB, those dealings must be at arm’s length
                        represented at the AGM. Shareholders unable to attend the          and on normal commercial terms.
                        hybrid AGM are encouraged to vote in advance of the meeting.
                                                                                           Director tenure is a factor considered by the Board in
                        Shareholders can contact NAB or the NAB Share Registry at          assessing the independence of a director but is not
                        any time, by mail, telephone, email or via Computershare's         determinative. As a guide, most directors would not stand for
                        online platform, Investor Centre. More than half of NAB’s          re-election after serving nine years on the Board, however,
                        shareholders have elected to communicate with NAB and              the Board may determine that a director continues to bring
                        Computershare electronically.                                      valuable expertise, independent judgement and the ability to
                                                                                           act in the best interests of NAB beyond that period. The
                        Colleague engagement                                               overall tenure profile of the Board is also a relevant factor.
                        In 2024, the Board participated in a number of events with NAB
                                                                                           In considering the independence of each director, the
                        colleagues, including:
                                                                                           Board considers the factors outlined in the 4th edition




For personal use only
                        •    Meetings with specific teams to learn about their day-to-     ASX Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations.
                             day work and areas of subject matter expertise.               The Board has determined for 2024 that all non-
                        •    Meetings with senior leaders, which allowed directors to      executive directors identified on pages 69 to 73 are
                             experience the culture and capability of leaders.             independent and that the Board consisted of a majority of
                                                                                           independent directors.
                        •    Site visits and events with colleagues to listen to
                             customers and support them with their needs.                  To further assist in ensuring that the Board operates
                                                                                           independently of management, non-executive directors meet
                        Director induction and continuing education                        in the absence of management at most scheduled Board and
                        Each new director is provided with an orientation program          committee meetings.
                        that includes discussions with management, and briefings and
                        workshops on NAB’s:                                                Conflicts of interest
                                                                                           Under Australian law, directors have a duty to avoid conflicts
                        •    Major lines of business.
                                                                                           of interest.
                        •    Strategic and financial plans.
                                                                                           The NAB Conflicts of Interest Policy and the NAB Constitution
                        •    Risk management strategy, frameworks, compliance              establish clear rules, controls and guidance regarding the
                             programs and significant risk management matters,             management of actual, potential or perceived conflicts
                             including cyber and financial crime risk management.          of interest.
                        •    Financial statements, including significant financial and
                                                                                           Directors are expected to avoid any action, position or
                             accounting matters.
                                                                                           interest that conflicts or appears to conflict with an interest
                        •    NAB’s performance management structure.                       of NAB. This is a matter for ongoing and active consideration
                        •    Internal and external audit programs.                         by all directors, and any director who has a material personal
                                                                                           interest in a matter relating to NAB’s affairs must notify
                        •    Purpose, values and Code of Conduct.
                                                                                           the Board.
                        •    Key policies and external commitments, such as
                             decarbonisation targets.                                      If a potential conflict of interest arises, NAB’s corporate
                                                                                           governance standards dictate that the director concerned
                        •    Directors’ rights, duties and responsibilities.               does not receive copies of the relevant Board papers and is
                        Continuing education is provided for the Board through             not present at meetings while such matters are considered.
                        a combination of internal and external presentations,              In this way, the director takes no part in discussions and
                        workshops with management, site visits and study tours.            exercises no influence over the other members of the Board.
                        Directors are also expected to keep up to date on topical          If a significant conflict of interest with a director exists and
                        issues in their own time.                                          cannot be resolved, the director is expected to tender his or
                        For further details on the Board's continuing education in 2024,   her resignation.
                        refer to the skills matrix on page 80.                             For more information, refer to the Corporate Governance
                                                                                           section of nab.com.au.
                        Directors' independence
                        All NAB directors are expected to bring independent and            Access to management and independent
                        unfettered judgement to Board deliberations.                       professional advice
                        To qualify as independent, a director must be independent          The Board and its committees have free and unfettered
                        of management and free of any business, personal or other          access to senior management, and any other relevant internal
                        association that could materially interfere with (or reasonably    or external party and information, and may make any enquiries
                        be perceived to materially interfere with) the director’s          to fulfil their responsibilities.
                        exercise of independent and unfettered judgement with              The Board Charter and Board Committee Operating Rules
                        respect to issues before the Board, and to act in the best         clearly state that the Board or its committees may
                        interests of NAB and its shareholders.                             engage external consultants and experts as required, and
                        The Board conducts annual reviews of the independence of           written guidelines entitle each director to seek independent
                        each of the directors. Directors are expected to provide           professional advice at NAB’s expense, with the prior approval


                        82     National Australia Bank
                        Board composition, diversity and performance (cont.)




                        of the Chair. The Board can conduct or direct any investigation
                        to fulfil its responsibilities and can retain, at NAB’s expense,
                        any legal, accounting or other services that it considers
                        necessary from time to time to fulfil its duties.                                                About
                        Director and executive                                                                        this report
                        shareholding requirements
                        To align with shareholders’ interests, the Board has adopted
                        a policy that non-executive directors must hold a minimum
                        number of NAB ordinary shares equal in value to the Chair's and


                                                                                                                      Our business
                        other directors' respective annual Board fee within five years
                        of appointment.
                        The value of a non-executive director’s shareholding is based

                                                                                                                         in 2024
                        on the share price at the time shares were acquired.
                        Apart from two recent appointees, all other non-executive
                        directors have met their minimum shareholding requirement.
                        Alison Kitchen and Christine Fellowes, who are recent
                        appointees, are on track to meet the requirement well within




                                                                                                                        Creating value




For personal use only
                        the policy period.
                        Minimum shareholding requirements for the Executive
                        Leadership Team are:
                        •   Group CEO: two times fixed remuneration.
                        •   Group Executives: one times fixed remuneration.
                        Newly appointed Executive Leadership Team members are
                        required to satisfy the minimum shareholding requirement

                                                                                                                      Corporate
                        within a five-year period from the date of commencement in
                        their role.
                        The Group CEO and other Group Executives have met, or are on                                 Governance
                                                                                                                     Statement
                        track to meet their minimum shareholding requirement.
                        Details of NAB shareholding requirements for non-executive
                        directors and the Executive Leadership Team are set out in
                        the Remuneration Report.



                                                                                                                         Risk

                                                                                                                      management




                                                                                                                        Report of

                                                                                                                      the Directors




                                                                                                                        Financial report




                                                                                                                       Additional

                                                                                                                      information




                                                                                           2024 Annual Report   83
                        Board committees
                        Nomination & Governance Committee
                         Committee purpose             2024 areas of focus                                                     Relevant information
                         Supports the Board            •   Board composition and skills: assessing the necessary and           •   Must have a minimum
                         on composition and                desirable skills and competencies of the Board and Chair, and           of three independent non-
                         governance matters.               of the committees and committee chairs, as well as making               executive directors.
                                                           recommendations on continuing education and development             •   The Chair of the Board is
                                                           for the Board and directors.                                            Committee Chair.
                                                       •   Nominations: with the assistance of an external recruitment         2024 Members:
                                                           consultant, identifying potential director candidates and
                                                           making recommendations to the Board on the selection.               •   Philip Chronican (Committee Chair)
                                                       •   Governance: reviewing corporate governance principles               •   Anne Loveridge
                                                           and policies.                                                       •   Simon McKeon
                                                                                                                               •   Carolyn Kay (from December 2023)


                        Audit Committee
                         Committee purpose             2024 areas of focus                                                     Relevant information
                         Supports the Board            •   Financial statements: overseeing the integrity of the Group’s       •   Must have a minimum
                         by providing objective,           financial statements, including key accounting judgements and           of three independent non-




For personal use only
                         non-executive review              compliance with accounting standards and policies.                      executive directors.
                         and oversight of the          •   Reporting: overseeing the adequacy of the Group's financial         •   Has members who also sit on the
                         effectiveness of the              and external reporting processes including regulatory                   Risk & Compliance Committee.
                         Group's financial and             reporting and climate reporting.
                         external reporting and                                                                                •   Has members who are financially
                         tax risk management           •   Audit results: reviewing key internal and external audit findings       literate and at least one member
                         frameworks. This                  and insights specific to financial and external reporting.              with appropriate accounting or
                         includes overseeing           •   Auditor performance and independence: overseeing the                    financial expertise.
                         the integrity of the              performance and independence of Internal Audit and the              2024 Members:
                         financial statements              external auditor, including review of the adequacy of internal
                                                                                                                               •   David Armstrong (Committee Chair
                         and reviewing the                 and external audit plans and resourcing.
                                                                                                                                   until December 2023)
                         financial and external        •   Whistleblower Program: overseeing the effectiveness of the
                         reporting processes                                                                                   •   Alison Kitchen (Committee Chair
                                                           Group Whistleblower Protection Policy and Program including
                         of the Group, the                                                                                         from December 2023)
                                                           material matters being investigated, key themes and trends.
                         tax risk management                                                                                   •   Doug McKay
                         frameworks, the Internal      •   Tax: reviewing tax risk and tax governance arrangements.
                                                                                                                               •   Peeyush Gupta (until
                         Audit function, the
                                                                                                                                   December 2023)
                         external auditor, and
                         the Group Whistleblower                                                                               •   Anne Loveridge (from
                         Protection Policy                                                                                         December 2023)
                         and Program.                                                                                          •   Carolyn Kay (from December 2023)
                                                                                                                               The Group Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                                                               (CFO), Deputy Group CFO (or delegate),
                                                                                                                               Executive, Internal Audit and senior
                                                                                                                               executives of the Group’s external
                                                                                                                               auditor, EY, attended all eligible
                                                                                                                               committee meetings.


                        People & Remuneration Committee
                         Committee purpose             2024 areas of focus                                                     Relevant information
                         Supports the Board            •   Strategy execution: monitoring the impact from, and                 •   Must have a minimum
                         in discharging                    the embedding of, key elements of the Colleague                         of three independent non-
                         its responsibilities              Strategy, including leadership, talent development, succession          executive directors.
                         relating to people                and engagement.                                                     •   Has a member who also sits on the
                         and remuneration              •   Remuneration governance: monitoring how remuneration and                Risk & Compliance Committee.
                         strategies, policies              performance frameworks (including conduct and consequence
                         and practices of                                                                                      2024 Members:
                                                           management outcomes) are applied across the Group,
                         the Group. The                    particularly ensuring effective connections between risk            •   Anne Loveridge (Committee Chair
                         committee undertakes              management and remuneration outcomes. Maintaining a                     until December 2023)
                         these activities with the         relationship with the Risk & Compliance Committee on the            •   Kathryn Fagg (Committee Chair
                         objective that they align         intersection between risk management performance and                    from December 2023)
                         with and enable the               remuneration outcomes.
                         overall Group Strategy                                                                                •   Ann Sherry
                         and support the               •   Executive performance: evaluating individual executive              •   Christine Fellowes (from
                         Group’s purpose, values,          performance in the context of Group performance at least                December 2023)
                         strategic objectives and          twice each reporting period, and recommending to the
                                                           Board the fixed remuneration and variable reward outcomes           The Board Chair, the Group CEO, the
                         risk appetite (while not
                                                           for the Group CEO, Group Executives and certain other               Group Chief Risk Officer (CRO), the
                         rewarding conduct or
                                                           senior executives. Information on the process for evaluating        Group Executive, People & Culture and
                         behaviours that are
                                                           executive performance is set out in the Remuneration Report.        the Executive, Internal Audit attended
                         contrary to these aims).
                                                                                                                               all eligible committee meetings.
                                                       •   Group performance and variable reward: considering Group
                                                           performance for 2024 (with the assistance of other Board
                                                           committees) and making a Group Performance Indicator
                                                           (GPI) recommendation to the Board for the Group Variable
                                                           Reward Plan.




                        84   National Australia Bank
                        Board committees (cont.)




                        Risk & Compliance Committee
                         Committee purpose                 2024 areas of focus                                                                  Relevant information
                         Supports the Board                •   Risk appetite: reviewing and overseeing the Group and NAB Risk                   •   Must have a minimum                             About
                         with oversight of the                 Appetite Statement and Risk Management Strategy, covering                            of three independent non-
                         Group’s risk profile, Risk            existing and emerging financial and non-financial risks.                             executive directors.
                                                                                                                                                                                                 this report
                         Management Framework              •   Risk management: reviewed the Board’s annual Risk                                •   Has members who also sit on
                         (covering financial,                  Management Declaration to APRA for the year ended                                    the Audit Committee and People &
                         non-financial and                     30 September 2023 and overseeing management’s progress in                            Remuneration Committee.
                         emerging risks), material             addressing matters identified in that Declaration.
                         risks, risk mitigation                                                                                                 2024 Members:
                         practices, adherence              •   Material risk updates: overseeing key material risk categories,
                                                                                                                                                •   Simon McKeon (Committee Chair)

                                                                                                                                                                                                 Our business
                         to Board approved                     including: Credit risk; Balance Sheet & Liquidity risk; Market
                                                               risk; Operational risk; Compliance risk; Conduct risk; and                       •   Kathryn Fagg
                         risk appetite and
                         internal compliance and               Sustainability risk. The Board has retained direct oversight of                  •   Carolyn Kay


                                                                                                                                                                                                    in 2024
                         control systems, while                Strategic risk.
                                                                                                                                                •   Anne Loveridge (from
                         guiding management’s              •   Compliance culture: continued focus on regulatory and                                December 2023)
                         promotion and                         legislative requirements and the controls and compliance
                                                                                                                                                •   David Armstrong (until
                         maintenance of a risk-                environment to monitor adherence and shortcomings.
                                                                                                                                                    December 2023)
                         based culture.                    •   Controls environment: continued review of the health and
                                                                                                                                                •   Peeyush Gupta (until
                                                               transformation of controls.
                                                                                                                                                    December 2023)
                                                           •   Audit matters: reviewing key internal audit issues and insights




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                The Group CRO, Group CFO, Executive,
                                                               relating to risks, controls and risk culture, including monitoring
                                                                                                                                                Internal Audit and senior executives
                                                               management’s response to matters raised.
                                                                                                                                                of the Group’s external auditor,
                                                           •   Technology: reviewing updates relating to the technology risk                    EY, attended all eligible committee
                                                               profile, technology resilience, technology currency debt, and                    meetings. The Board Chair and the
                                                               cyber risks.                                                                     Group CEO attended the majority
                                                           •   External environment: reviewing regular updates on credit,                       of meetings.
                                                               market and liquidity conditions and the impact of external
                                                               conditions on certain portfolios.
                                                           •   Capital and liquidity: continued emphasis on monitoring and
                                                               reviewing the level of capital and liquidity held by the Group.
                                                           •   Remuneration: continued to provide input and perspectives on                                                                      Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                                Governance
                                                               the intersection between risk management performance and
                                                               remuneration to the Board and the People & Remuneration

                                                                                                                                                                                                Statement
                                                               Committee when considering the performance of the Group
                                                               and Accountable Persons.


                        Customer Committee


                                                                                                                                                                                                    Risk
                         Committee purpose                 2024 areas of focus                                                                  Relevant information
                         Supports the Board                •   Financial hardship: support for customers experiencing                           •   Must have a minimum
                         with overseeing the                   financial hardship in the heightened cost of living environment.                     of three independent non-


                                                                                                                                                                                                 management
                         importance given to               •   Scams: monitoring how NAB helps customers avoid being                                executive directors.
                         the voice of the                      scammed and supporting customers when they are scammed.                          2024 Members:
                         customer and the focus
                         on customer outcomes              •   Customer complaints: monitoring NAB’s complaint capture,                         •   Ann Sherry (Committee Chair)
                         at NAB.                               handling and themes.
                                                                                                                                                •   Doug McKay
                                                           •   Customer remediation: reviewing and evaluating management
                                                                                                                                                •   Christine Fellowes
                                                               reports on both banking and wealth remediation programs.
                                                                                                                                                •   Anne Loveridge (until

                                                                                                                                                                                                   Report of
                                                           •   Customer Advocates: reviewing reports from the Customer
                                                                                                                                                    December 2023
                                                               Advocate Banking on advocacy and insights to deliver
                                                               fair outcomes for NAB customers that align with                                  •   Alison Kitchen (from
                                                                                                                                                    December 2023)

                                                                                                                                                                                                 the Directors
                                                               community expectations.
                                                                                                                                                The Group Executive, Legal &
                                                                                                                                                Commercial Services(1) attended all
                                                                                                                                                Customer Committee meetings.
                         (1) Effective 1 October 2024, the title of the Group Executive, Legal & Commercial Services changed to Group Executive, Customer & Corporate Services.




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
                        Subsidiary boards
                        NAB has a number of subsidiary companies. The activities of each subsidiary company in the Group are overseen by that
                        company’s own board of directors. The Board’s confidence in the activities of its controlled entities stems from the quality of
                        the directors on those subsidiary boards and their commitment to NAB’s objectives. NAB has one significant subsidiary, BNZ. Doug
                        McKay was the Chair of the BNZ Board until 31 May 2024, when he was succeeded by Warwick Hunt. NAB directors have a standing
                        invitation to attend board meetings of BNZ to develop a broader understanding of its operations.
                        The Group's subsidiary governance framework sets out the corporate governance requirements for subsidiaries operating within
                        the Group environment including different roles and responsibilities of subsidiaries, their boards and management.


                                                                                                                                                                                                  Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                 information




                                                                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report   85
                        Governance, conduct
                        and culture
                        Governance, conduct and culture
                        The Board approves NAB’s purpose, values and Code of Conduct to underpin the desired culture within NAB’s business and
                        oversees the establishment by management of a culture that is focused on sound risk management and customer outcomes.

                        NAB values and culture
                        NAB updated its company values in 2020 in alignment with its strategic and cultural ambitions. These values, known as How We
                        Work, articulate expected behaviours of colleagues and have formed the basis of NAB's Code of Conduct and performance
                        management framework.
                        To achieve NAB's target culture, the Colleague Strategy was established with an ambition for customer obsessed colleagues who
                        are proud to work at NAB. Further details of NAB's Colleague Strategy is available in the Colleagues section of this report.
                        To support NAB's Evolved Strategic Ambition to be the most customer-centric company in Australia and New Zealand, where
                        colleagues are customer-obsessed and proud to work at NAB, the company values were refreshed in October 2024, which are
                        known as Who We Are, replacing How We Work.
                        Who We Are has been approved by the Board and is summarised below.




For personal use only
                             Who We Are
                             Every one of us at NAB commits to individually owning these behaviours so that we can build a truly customer-
                             obsessed culture.


                                                                          • We put our customers at the centre of everything we do. Without them, there would be no NAB.
                                                                          • We build enduring customer relationships through empathy and trust.
                         We are customer obsessed • We prioritise exceptional customer service – it’s what sets us apart.

                                                                          • We show up for our customers as one team to create consistent, seamless experiences.
                                                                          • We make things simple for colleagues so we can be exceptional for our customers.
                                             We keep it simple • We look for simple solutions when things are complex or don’t make sense.

                                                                          • We work quickly and with purpose for our customers.
                                                                          • We innovate and look for better ways to deliver. If we make mistakes, we learn and correct as we go.
                                         We move with speed • We are empowered to make decisions safely for the benefit of our customers.

                                                                          • We take responsibility for the success of NAB, beyond our team.
                                                                          • We do what is right, even when it’s hard.
                                                         We own it • We never say “that’s not my job”. We take ownership and follow up until it’s resolved.

                                                                          • We bring the right people together, knowing diverse ideas achieve more.
                                                                          • We set bold ambitions and clear expectations to get the best customer outcomes.
                                              We win together • We speak up on issues and invite challenge, working with respect and curiosity.

                        Inclusive culture we can be proud of
                        NAB has a continued focus on improving its culture and risk culture, underpinned by its culture and risk culture framework which
                        is based on our values. NAB’s culture and risk culture framework has evolved in maturity over time, with the goal of having an
                        approach that is best in class. Progress is reported to the Board annually and measurement uses data including colleague
                        engagement Heartbeat surveys, objective performance metrics, operating model effectiveness assessments and independent
                        expert review. The varied data inputs provide a holistic and integrated assessment and bring meaningful insights to inform
                        management action on culture and risk culture.
                        NAB's Inclusion and Diversity Policy is available in the Corporate Governance section of nab.com.au. Information about NAB's
                        measurable objectives is located in the Inclusion and diversity section of this report.




                        86     National Australia Bank
                        Governance, conduct and culture (cont.)




                        Conduct                                                           officers, contractors and/or suppliers) to raise concerns,
                        NAB has a suite of policies and practices to promote a            including through FairCall, an independently monitored
                                                                                          external hotline service operated by KPMG.
                                                                                                                                                                    About
                        culture of honesty and ethical behaviour. Policy compliance
                        is monitored and consequence management procedures                The Group Whistleblower Protection Policy provides
                        exist for policy breaches. Senior leaders are accountable for
                                                                                                                                                                 this report
                                                                                          information on the support and protection available to
                        performance against risk and conduct measures.                    whistleblowers, how matters will be investigated and
                                                                                          reinforces a zero tolerance approach for any act of reprisal
                        NAB's Code of Conduct                                             against those who speak up.
                        NAB’s Code of Conduct (the Code) was approved by the Board        The Program has been established as an independent
                        and outlines expectations of directors, leaders, colleagues       function with direct escalation and reporting lines
                        and contractors who provide services on behalf of NAB.
                                                                                                                                                                 Our business
                                                                                          to the Board’s Audit Committee via the Group
                        The Code captures NAB’s legal obligations and an expectation      Whistleblower Committee.
                        to act ethically and responsibly towards customers,

                                                                                                                                                                    in 2024
                                                                                          The Group Whistleblower Protection Policy is available in the
                        colleagues and communities. The Code emphasises How We            Code of Conduct section at nab.com.au.
                        Work, and the key policies and guidelines which must be
                        followed to achieve expected outcomes. There is a strong          Anti-bribery and corruption policy
                        emphasis in the Code to 'Speak Up' about concerns along with      The Group is committed to preventing financial crime and
                        a framework for ethical decision making. A refresh of the Code    takes a zero-tolerance approach to bribery and corruption.




                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value
                        is underway to support NAB's Evolved Strategic Ambition and




For personal use only
                                                                                          This is reflected in the Group’s Anti-Bribery and Corruption
                        company values.                                                   (ABC) Policy and Framework as well as the Group’s dedication
                        The Code is supported by a renewed approach to conduct            to acting:
                        and consequence management. Each business and enabling            •   Honestly, with integrity and upholding the highest ethical
                        unit has established professional standards forums to review          standards in its global activities.
                        breaches of the Code at least quarterly, taking action to
                        set the tone and reinforce NAB’s standards of conduct and         •   In compliance with all applicable anti-bribery and
                        culture. Any material breaches or conduct that is materially          corruption laws in all jurisdictions in which the
                        inconsistent with the expected outcomes in the Code are               Group operates.
                        reported to the People & Remuneration Committee.                  The prohibition against bribery and corruption in the ABC              Corporate
                                                                                          Policy applies to NAB’s entities, colleagues and all agents,
                                                                                                                                                                Governance
                        NAB’s Code of Conduct is available in the
                        Corporate Governance section at nab.com.au/about-us/              contractors and other third parties acting for or on

                                                                                                                                                                Statement
                        corporate governance.                                             behalf of the Group. The Group strictly prohibits bribery
                                                                                          in any form (including facilitation payments). The ABC
                        Financial Accountability Regime (FAR)                             Policy includes additional requirements around gifts and
                                                                                          entertainment involving government officials which require
                        The Financial Accountability Regime (FAR) replaced the Banking
                                                                                          approvals regardless of value. The ABC Policy is supplemented
                        Executive Accountability Regime (BEAR) for NAB on 15 March

                                                                                                                                                                    Risk
                                                                                          by supporting procedures which define minimum standards for
                        2024. FAR expands upon the obligations imposed on NAB and
                                                                                          compliance with the ABC Policy. Material breaches of the ABC
                        its Accountable Persons under BEAR.
                                                                                          Policy are reported to the Board by the Group CRO. NAB is a

                                                                                                                                                                 management
                        For the purposes of FAR, NAB has registered certain individuals   Cornerstone Member of Transparency International Australia,
                        (the directors, Group Executives, Executive Internal Audit        a member of the Bribery Prevention Network and is a signatory
                        and Executive Group Money Laundering Reporting Officer) as        to the UN Global Compact, pledging to work against corruption
                        ‘Accountable Persons’ with APRA and ASIC. NAB undertakes          in all its forms.
                        appropriate checks before appointing executives or putting
                                                                                          The Group’s ABC Policy is available in the Managing Financial
                        someone forward for election as a director.
                                                                                          Crime section at nab.com.au.

                                                                                                                                                                   Report of
                        NAB’s implementation of FAR continues to strengthen and
                        clarify its accountability structures and practices. This helps   Group disclosure and external communication policy
                        to ensure clearer delegation and decision-making processes.

                                                                                                                                                                 the Directors
                                                                                          The Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and the ASX Listing Rules
                        All NAB Accountable Persons have a letter of appointment          require that, subject to certain exceptions, once NAB
                        (in the case of directors) or written employment agreement        becomes aware of any information concerning it that
                        (in the case of executives), which governs the terms of           a reasonable person would expect to have a material
                        their appointment, as well as a detailed FAR Accountability       effect on the price or value of NAB securities (‘market
                        Statement which is lodged with APRA and ASIC.                     sensitive information’), NAB will immediately disclose that




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
                                                                                          information to the ASX and where applicable, to other relevant
                        Escalation and whistleblower protection                           stock exchanges.
                        The Group Whistleblower Protection Policy and Whistleblower       NAB manages compliance with its continuous disclosure
                        Program reflects the Group’s ambition for an environment          obligations through its Group Disclosure and External
                        where colleagues feel safe and empowered to speak up              Communications Policy and associated guidance notes. NAB’s
                        about wrongdoing.                                                 Disclosure Committee, comprised of senior executives, has
                        All colleagues are encouraged to raise concerns about             primary responsibility regarding NAB’s disclosure obligations.
                        wrongdoing including conduct that may be illegal,                 Potentially disclosable matters are promptly referred to the
                        unacceptable or improper.                                         Disclosure Committee for assessment and determination. NAB

                                                                                                                                                                  Additional
                                                                                          operates a strict decision-making regime to enable it to
                        By speaking up, colleagues help to identify and address
                                                                                          monitor compliance with its disclosure obligations.
                        wrongdoing as early as possible ensuring we focus on getting
                        the basics right and serving customers well.
                                                                                                                                                                 information
                        The Group Whistleblower Program provides confidential
                        channels for colleagues (current and former colleagues,


                                                                                                                                     2024 Annual Report    87
                        Governance, conduct and culture (cont.)




                        All members of the ELT are responsible for ensuring their                              modern slavery and human trafficking risk), within the Group's
                        teams adhere to the Policy and for liaising directly with                              material supply chain relationships; (ii) banker identification
                        the Group Executive, Legal & Commercial Services(1) or                                 and reporting of potential modern slavery and human
                        the Executive, Chief Legal Officer, Regulatory, Corporate &                            trafficking concerns and Financial Crime team monitoring and
                        Disputes on any potentially disclosable matters. Routine                               investigation of human impact crimes; and (iii) consideration
                        administrative ASX announcements are made by the                                       of modern slavery and human trafficking risk in ESG risk
                        Group Company Secretary without reference to the                                       assessments conducted as part of customer credit risk
                        Disclosure Committee.                                                                  assessment and due diligence processes, where applicable.
                        Where appropriate, the Board is consulted on disclosures of                            The Group's Human Rights Policy is available
                        utmost significance and all announcements of major matters                             in the Human rights approach section
                        require consideration and approval by the Board.                                       at nab.com.au/about-us/sustainability/reporting-policies-
                        The Board receives copies of all material market                                       approach/human-rights-approach.
                        announcements promptly after they have been made.                                      The Group's Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking
                        The Group Disclosure and External Communications Policy is                             Statement is available in the Sustainability performance
                        available in the Corporate Governance section at nab.com.au/                           and reporting section at nab.com.au/about-us/social-
                        about-us/corporate governance.                                                         impact/modern-slavery-statement.

                        Restrictions on trading in NAB securities




For personal use only
                        NAB’s Group Securities Trading Policy and associated guidance
                        notes explain the law and the policy for its colleagues to
                        comply with when trading in NAB securities.
                        NAB has black-out periods prior to the release of the Group’s
                        financial results during which specified colleagues and their
                        immediate family members and associates must not trade in
                        NAB securities. In addition, ad hoc restrictions may be imposed
                        on all, or individually identified, colleagues from time to time
                        when there is a heightened risk of those colleagues coming
                        into contact with market sensitive information.
                        All NAB colleagues (and in relation to members of key
                        management personnel, their closely related parties) are
                        prohibited from using derivatives or otherwise entering
                        into hedging arrangements in relation to elements of their
                        remuneration that are unvested or which have vested but
                        remain subject to forfeiture conditions.
                        For more detail, refer to the Remuneration Report.
                        The Group Securities Trading Policy is available in the
                        Corporate Governance section at nab.com.au/about-us/
                        corporate governance.

                        Group political contributions policy
                        Since 2016, NAB has not made donations to any political party,
                        parliamentarian, elected official or candidate for political
                        office. From time to time, NAB representatives may pay to
                        attend political events and business forums hosted by major
                        political parties. Any payments for event attendance received
                        by political parties will be included in the Australian Electoral
                        Commission register. For detail on NAB’s approach to engaging
                        on public policy, including further information on political
                        contributions, see the Stakeholder Engagement section on
                        page 21.
                        NAB considers its Group Political Contributions Policy every
                        two years. The Group Political Contributions Policy is available
                        in the Corporate Governance section at nab.com.au/about-
                        us/corporate governance.

                        Modern slavery and human trafficking statement
                        The Group provides an annual Modern Slavery and Human
                        Trafficking Statement. From 2020, this statement has been
                        pursuant to both the Modern Slavery Act 2015 (UK) and
                        the Modern Slavery Act 2018 (Cth). Consideration of modern
                        slavery is incorporated into the Group Human Rights Policy and
                        relevant risk management practices and processes applicable
                        to the Group’s customer and third-party relationships. This
                        includes: (i) management of sustainability risk (incorporating

                         (1) Effective 1 October 2024, the title of the Group Executive, Legal & Commercial Services changed to Group Executive, Customer & Corporate Services.


                        88   National Australia Bank
                        Assurance and control
                        For the Board to determine that the Group's                                            Periodic corporate reports
                        financial statements and disclosures are                                               The Annual Report, Climate Report, Investor Presentations,
                        complete and accurate, it reviews information
                                                                                                                                                                                                    About
                                                                                                               Quarterly Trading Updates, Half Year Results, Full Year Results
                        provided by management. Independent and                                                Management Discussion and Analysis and Pillar 3 Report form
                                                                                                               the suite of the Group’s periodic corporate reports.
                                                                                                                                                                                                 this report
                        objective assurance is provided by the
                        Group’s external auditor, EY, on the audited                                           Each report is subject to the Group’s risk management
                                                                                                               and internal control systems. Assurance over risk
                        financial report.
                                                                                                               management and internal control systems is achieved
                                                                                                               through assessments of the effectiveness of controls.
                        External Audit
                                                                                                               The integrity of the Group’s periodic corporate reports is

                                                                                                                                                                                                 Our business
                        Throughout 2024, NAB’s external auditor was EY. The Audit
                                                                                                               underpinned by structures and processes within the Group
                        Committee is responsible for reviewing the appointment,
                                                                                                               functions that support areas of judgement, validation of
                        evaluation, management and removal of the external auditor,

                                                                                                                                                                                                    in 2024
                                                                                                               information and the maintenance of proper records for
                        and the approval of the external auditor’s annual fees (subject
                                                                                                               all information.
                        to shareholder approval where required). The Audit Committee
                        oversees EY’s responsibilities and regularly meets with EY to                          The Group’s reporting policies incorporate Australian
                        review the adequacy of the external audit arrangements with                            and international regulatory, legislative and prudential
                        emphasis on effectiveness, performance and independence.                               requirements. The Group's Enterprise Reporting Assurance
                        This includes an annual review of the external audit plan.                             team verifies and checks information across the suite of




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                                               the Group’s periodic corporate reports. Group Executives and
                        To foster open communication and to facilitate appropriate
                                                                                                               subject matter experts certify the information pertaining to
                        matters coming to the attention of the Audit Committee, the
                                                                                                               their area of responsibility is materially complete and not
                        Group CEO, Group CFO, Deputy Group CFO, Group CRO, Group
                                                                                                               materially misleading by statement or omission.
                        Executive, Legal & Commercial Services(1), General Counsel
                        Corporate Legal, Executive Internal Audit, and the lead External                       The level of external assurance provided on the suite of
                        Audit Partner all have direct and unfettered access to the                             the Group’s periodic corporate reports is disclosed by the
                        Audit Committee.                                                                       external auditor in their reports presented in NAB’s 2024
                                                                                                               Annual Report and 2024 Climate Report.
                        NAB does not employ or appoint to the Board, Group or any
                        subsidiary board or management body, any current or former                             Where there is no external assurance provided,                                    Corporate
                        partner, principal, shareholder or professional employee of                            management’s assurance procedures are considered
                        the external auditor or their family members, if to do so would                        adequate by the Audit Committee for ensuring the Group’s                         Governance
                                                                                                                                                                                                Statement
                        impair the auditor’s independence.                                                     periodic corporate reports are materially accurate, balanced
                                                                                                               and provide investors with appropriate information to make
                        The Audit Committee has adopted a Group External Auditor
                                                                                                               informed decisions.
                        Independence Policy that requires pre-approval of any
                        services proposed to be provided by the external auditor to                            Internal Audit
                        ensure that independence is maintained. The Audit Committee

                                                                                                                                                                                                    Risk
                                                                                                               The role of Internal Audit is to provide independent assurance
                        delegates authority to the Group CFO and Deputy Group
                                                                                                               on the adequacy and effectiveness of NAB’s Risk Management
                        CFO to approve services where the expected cost of the
                                                                                                               Framework. Internal Audit forms the third line of risk
                        service is less than $200,000 (excluding local taxes). Services

                                                                                                                                                                                                 management
                                                                                                               accountability in NAB’s Risk Management Framework.
                        over $200,000 (excluding local taxes) require the approval by
                        the Chair of the Audit Committee as the Audit Committee                                The Executive, Internal Audit needs to be suitably qualified for
                        delegated authority. The exercise of any such delegation is                            the role.
                        reported to the Audit Committee at least biannually.                                   A recommendation on the appointment, performance and
                        The Group External Auditor Independence Policy defines audit-                          dismissal of the Executive, Internal Audit is made by the Audit


                                                                                                                                                                                                   Report of
                        related and taxation-related services and stipulates that                              Committee to the Board. The Audit Committee monitors the
                        certain services are entirely prohibited from being provided                           activities and performance of Internal Audit and assesses
                        by the external auditor to ensure the independence of                                  whether it remains independent of management and is

                                                                                                                                                                                                 the Directors
                        the external auditor is maintained. Non-audit services are                             adequately resourced and funded.
                        permitted where the service meets auditor independence                                 Internal Audit has a direct reporting line to the Chair of the
                        requirements with the approval by the Chair of the                                     Audit Committee and informal reporting lines to the Group
                        Audit Committee.                                                                       CEO and Group CFO. Internal Audit is also the custodian of
                        Unless the Audit Committee approves otherwise, fees paid for                           the Group Whistleblower Protection Policy and Whistleblower




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
                        the provision of audit-related, taxation-related and non-audit                         Program as set out on page 87.
                        services must not exceed fees paid for audit services in any                           As well as reporting regularly to the Audit Committee, the
                        year. Details of the services provided by the external auditor                         Executive, Internal Audit provides regular reports to the
                        to the Group and the fees paid or payable for such services                            Board’s Risk & Compliance Committee on risk and control
                        are set out in Note 34 Remuneration of external auditor in the                         matters and attends People & Remuneration Committee
                        Financial Report.                                                                      meetings to provide insights on conduct and culture matters.
                        Legislation requires the rotation of the external audit senior                         Both the External and Internal Audit functions have full and
                        personnel who are significantly involved in NAB’s audit after                          unrestricted access to all colleagues, records and systems as
                        five successive years, including the Lead Partner.                                     necessary to undertake their activities.

                                                                                                                                                                                                  Additional
                        The external auditor attends the AGM and is available to
                        answer shareholder questions regarding the conduct of the

                                                                                                                                                                                                 information
                        audit and the content of the audit report.


                         (1) Effective 1 October 2024, the title of the Group Executive, Legal & Commercial Services changed to Group Executive, Customer & Corporate Services.


                                                                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report   89
                        Compliance with ASX corporate
                        governance recommendations
                        This statement has been approved by the Board of National Australia Bank Limited (Board) and is
                        current as at 30 September 2024.

                        NAB's Appendix 4G (a checklist that cross references the disclosures in this Statement to the ASX Corporate Governance
                        Principles and Recommendations) is available in the Corporate Governance section of nab.com.au.
                        Before publication of NAB's 2024 Annual Report, the Board received a joint declaration from the Group CEO and the Group
                        CFO that:
                        •    In their opinion the financial records of NAB have been properly maintained in accordance with the Corporations Act
                             2001 (Cth).
                        •    In their opinion the financial statements and notes comply with the appropriate accounting standards and give a true and fair
                             view of the financial position and performance of the Group.
                        •    Their opinion was formed based on a sound system of risk management and internal control which is operating effectively.




For personal use only




                        90     National Australia Bank
                                               Corporate
   About      Our business                                    Risk        Report of                         Additional
                             Creating value   Governance                                Financial report
this report      in 2024                                   management   the Directors                      information
                                               Statement
                         Risk
                         management
                             For personal use only
                        Risk management overview
                        Risk is the potential for harm and is inherent in NAB's business. The Group's ability to manage
                        risk effectively is critical to being a safe and sustainable bank. This is achieved through the Risk
                        Management Framework, documented in the Risk Management Strategy.

                        Risk Management Framework                                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
                        The Risk Management Framework (RMF) consists of systems,                                   Risk Management
                        structures, policies, processes and people within the Group                                ESG risks are identified, measured, monitored, reported and
                        that manage material risks.                                                                overseen in accordance with the Group’s RMS and RMF
                        Material risks are those that could have a material impact,                                and reflected in the Group RAS and relevant supporting
                        both financial and/or non-financial, on the Group or on                                    sectoral credit appetite strategies, ESG-related policies and
                        the interests of customers. The Group's material risks are                                 management practices. Executive management’s Group Credit
                        categorised as: strategic risk, credit risk, market risk, balance                          & Market Risk Committee oversees Sustainability risk, which
                        sheet and liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance risk,                               is defined as ESG risk and includes climate and human rights-
                        conduct risk and sustainability risk.                                                      related risk, as a significant part of the Group's exposure to
                                                                                                                   these risks is through lending to customers.
                        The Group applies a ‘Three Lines of Accountability’ operating
                        model in relation to the management of risk. The overarching                               The Group's climate change disclosures align with TCFD
                        principle of the model is that risk management capability must                             recommendations. In 2024, TCFD disclosures continue to be
                        be embedded within the business to be effective.                                           provided in NAB's 2024 Climate Report, alongside a summary in




For personal use only
                                                                                                                   this Report on page 38.
                        The role of each line is:
                                                                                                                   The Group's modern slavery statement is
                        •    First Line – Businesses own risks and obligations, and the                            available at nab.com.au/about-us/social-impact/modern-
                             controls and mitigation strategies that help manage them.                             slavery-statement.
                        •    Second Line – A functionally segregated Risk function
                                                                                                                   Updates on ESG risk are provided to the Executive Risk &
                             develops risk management frameworks, defines risk
                                                                                                                   Compliance Committee, Board Risk & Compliance Committee
                             boundaries, provides objective review and challenge
                                                                                                                   and Board as appropriate. Further information on the Group’s
                             regarding the effectiveness of risk management within
                                                                                                                   material exposures to ESG risks is set out in ‘Disclosure on
                             the first line businesses, and executes specific risk
                                                                                                                   risk factors’. Further detail on how the Group manages risks
                             management activities where a functional segregation of
                                                                                                                   presented by climate change within its Risk Management
                             duties and/or specific risk capability is required.
                                                                                                                   Framework can be found in NAB's 2024 Climate Report.
                        •    Third Line – An independent Internal Audit function
                             reporting to the Board monitors the end-to-end
                             effectiveness of risk management and compliance with
                             the RMF.
                        Risk governance refers to the formal structure used to
                        support risk-based decision-making and oversight across
                        the Group's operations. This consists of the Board, Board
                        committees and management committees, delegations of
                        authority for decision-making, management structures and
                        related reporting. The risk governance structure increases
                        transparency and the sharing of insights, guidance and
                        challenge to support each FAR Accountable Person(1)in
                        their decision-making when discharging their individual
                        accountabilities. The Group CRO report highlights risk appetite
                        measures, along with commentary when triggers and limit
                        thresholds are exceeded. It is discussed at each scheduled
                        meeting of the Executive Risk & Compliance Committee, the
                        Board Risk & Compliance Committee and the Board. It is also
                        provided to those bodies between scheduled meetings when
                        it is timely or appropriate to do so.
                        The Risk Appetite Statement is a key component of our RMF
                        and sets out boundaries so that the Group operates within
                        acceptable levels of risk and in compliance with obligations
                        and commitments.
                        The Risk Management Strategy (RMS) and RAS are approved
                        annually by the Board each October and submitted to APRA.
                        The Board also makes an annual Risk Management Declaration
                        (RMD) to APRA for NAB in accordance with the requirements of
                        APRA Prudential Standard CPS220 Risk Management. The RMD
                        confirms that NAB has an RMF that is appropriate for the
                        size, business mix and complexity of the Group, and which is
                        consistent with the Group’s strategic objectives and business
                        plan. This RMD is currently being undertaken within the time
                        frame permitted.

                            (1) For the purposes of FAR, NAB has registered certain individuals (the directors, Group Executives, Executive Internal Audit and Executive Group Money Laundering
                                Reporting Officer) as ‘Accountable Persons’ with APRA and ASIC.


                        92      National Australia Bank
                        Risk factors
                        Disclosure on risk factors                                             Group’s revenue, or increase the risk of defaults, adversely
                                                                                               impacting the Group’s financial performance. In addition, the
                        Risks specific to the Group                                            Group’s expense plans may be at risk due to continued
                        Set out below are the principal risks and uncertainties                inflationary pressures, particularly with respect to employee            About
                        associated with the Company and its controlled entities                remuneration and technology costs. External economic
                        (Group). It is not possible to determine the likelihood of these       and geopolitical impacts may be further affected by                   this report
                        risks occurring with any certainty.                                    uncertainties associated with international conflicts and
                                                                                               geopolitical events.
                        However, the risk in each category that the Company
                        considers most material is listed first, based on the                  There is substantial competition across the markets in which
                        information known by the Company at the date of this Report,           the Group operates. The Group faces competition from
                                                                                               traditional financial services providers, online banks, and other
                                                                                                                                                                     Our business
                        the Company’s best assessment of the likelihood of each risk
                        occurring and the potential negative impact to the Group               parties, including foreign banks and non-bank competitors,
                        should the relevant risk materialise. In the event that one            such as private credit funds, asset managers, superannuation

                                                                                                                                                                        in 2024
                        or more of these risks materialises, the Group’s reputation,           funds, family offices, insurance companies, mutual funds,
                        strategy, business, operations, financial condition, and future        hedge funds, securities brokerage firms, financial technology
                        performance could be materially and adversely impacted.                companies, digital platforms and large global technology
                                                                                               companies. Some competitors have lower costs, or operating
                        The Group’s Risk Management Framework and internal controls
                                                                                               and business models, technology platforms or products that
                        may not be adequate or effective in accurately identifying,
                                                                                               differ from, or are more competitive than, the Group’s and




                                                                                                                                                                       Creating value
                        evaluating, or addressing risks faced by the Group. There




For personal use only
                                                                                               some competitors are subject to less regulatory oversight.
                        may be other risks that are unknown or deemed immaterial,
                        but which may subsequently become known or material.                   Competition for customers and the increasing use of brokers
                        These may individually, or in aggregate, adversely impact the          can lead to a reduction in profit margins and loss of market
                        Group. Accordingly, no assurances or guarantees of future              share. Intense competition increases the risk of additional
                        performance, profitability, distributions or returns of capital        price pressure, especially in commoditised lines of business,
                        are given by the Group.                                                such as mortgages, where the providers with the lowest unit
                                                                                               cost may gain market share and industry profit pools may
                        Strategic risk                                                         be eroded. Such factors may ultimately impact the Group’s

                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate
                        Strategic risk is the risk to earnings, capital, liquidity, funding,   financial performance and position, profitability and returns
                        or reputation arising from an inadequate response to changes           to investors.
                        in the external environment and the risk of failing to                 Evolving industry trends, technology changes, and                    Governance
                        properly consider downstream impacts and achieve effective
                                                                                                                                                                     Statement
                                                                                               environmental factors have impacted, and may continue
                        outcomes when executing material change programs.                      to impact, customer and other stakeholder needs and
                                                                                               preferences. The Group may not predict these changes
                        Strategic initiatives may fail to be executed, may not                 accurately or quickly enough or have the resources and
                        deliver all anticipated benefits, or may otherwise change              flexibility to adapt in sufficient time, to meet the needs and
                        the Group’s risk profile.

                                                                                                                                                                        Risk
                                                                                               preferences of customers and other stakeholders and to
                        The Group’s corporate strategy sets its purpose, ambition,             keep pace with competitors. These risks are heightened in
                        and objectives.                                                        the current context in which technology, including its impacts

                                                                                                                                                                     management
                        The Group prioritises and invests significant resources in             on the financial services industry, continues to evolve at a
                        the execution of initiatives that are aligned to its chosen            rapid pace. Additionally, it may not be possible for the Group to
                        strategy. These initiatives focus primarily on customers,              meet the expectations of stakeholders in regard to certain
                        technology, digital and data assets, infrastructure, business          trends or factors when there are opposing expectations
                        improvement, cultural transformation and employees,                    between different stakeholders.
                        regulatory compliance, climate change (strategy, obligations,          Adoption of new legislation and regulation may impose

                                                                                                                                                                       Report of
                        commitments and targets), other ESG-related matters and                additional costs on the Group to comply and create
                        changes to associated controls, and in a number of cases               reputational and legal risks in the event of non-compliance.


                                                                                                                                                                     the Directors
                        have, and may in the future have, dependencies on external             Recent regulatory and legislative developments and other
                        suppliers or partners. There is a risk that these initiatives          trends that may impact the Group include:
                        may not realise some or all their anticipated benefits and
                                                                                               •   Increased focus on digital, data and analytics capabilities
                        outcomes. These initiatives may also increase operational,
                                                                                                   with the objective of creating easy and seamless customer
                        compliance, and other risks, which may not be appropriately
                                                                                                   experiences. The rapid development and deployment of
                        assessed or controlled.
                                                                                                   AI capabilities, including generative AI, continues to be




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial report
                        Any failure by the Group to deliver in accordance with its                 a key strategic consideration for the Group and for
                        strategy, or to deliver strategic initiatives effectively, may             customers. Inadequate or lack of adoption of AI within
                        result in material losses to the Group, reputational damage, or            business processes or customer propositions could pose
                        a failure to achieve anticipated benefits, and ultimately, may             a strategic disadvantage to the Group relative to its
                        materially and adversely impact the Group’s operations and                 competitors who deploy AI tools and could result in
                        financial performance and position.                                        unwanted financial and non-financial consequences for
                                                                                                   the Group. At the same time, as a new technology, the
                        The Group faces a continually changing                                     use of AI without sufficient controls, governance, and
                        external environment.                                                      risk management may result in increased risks across all

                                                                                                                                                                      Additional
                        The Group operates in a dynamic macro-economic                             the Group’s risk categories. Regulation of AI and similar
                        environment. The impact of slowing global and domestic                     technologies is developing globally and its impact on

                                                                                                                                                                     information
                        economic growth, increases to unemployment rates, elevated                 the Group’s business is currently uncertain. In September
                        interest rates, and falling consumer and business confidence               2024, the Australian Government commenced a public
                        can reduce demand for credit, adversely impacting the                      consultation on its proposal to introduce mandatory



                                                                                                                                          2024 Annual Report   93
                        Risk factors (cont.)




                             guardrails for high-risk AI systems and models, aligned with   •   The release of the NZ Commerce Commission’s final report
                             international standards. In the interim, voluntary standards       into competition for personal banking services in NZ in
                             have been released to guide organisations on the safe and          August 2024. The report includes 14 recommendations
                             responsible development and deployment of AI systems.              that, together, aim to support new entry into, and
                             There is a risk that any mandatory regulation could present        expansion of, the personal banking sector, to reduce
                             implementation challenges for financial institutions.              the regulatory barriers to competition, and to empower
                        •    Increased demand for green or sustainability-related               consumers to get better prices and services. This includes
                             products or increased lending to assist customers in               a recommendation that the NZ Government commit to
                             achieving their ESG-related performance objectives, for            operationalising Open Banking (as described above).
                             example, sustainability-linked loans, or, correspondingly,     •   The continued consumer and institutional adoption of
                             increased scrutiny of products or lending or other                 cryptocurrencies and other digital assets. The rate of
                             activities that are perceived to be inconsistent with              digital asset adoption, digital asset product creation
                             the ESG-related performance objectives of the Group                (for example, stable coins and decentralised finance),
                             or its stakeholders. In addition, there is currently no            and government responses are expected to influence
                             single, globally recognised set of accepted definitions for        the future of the sector and its impact on the Group.
                             assessing whether activities are ’green’ or ’sustainable’          Regulation of digital assets is nascent, but emerging,
                             which may create greenwashing risks due to differences             across all markets in which the Group operates, which
                             in interpretation.                                                 may increase the Group’s costs, or require the Group to
                        •    The evolving and increasingly complex payments                     invest in resources to adapt its products or systems to new




For personal use only
                             landscape, including the increasing use of digital payments,       technologies. The RBA has completed a research project
                             new payments infrastructures and emerging technology,              exploring Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC) use cases
                             and the shift away from traditional payment methods. To            and identified legal, regulatory, technical, and operational
                             this end, the Australian Government has consulted on               issues warranting further consideration in future research.
                             proposed changes to the Payments Systems (Regulation)              The RBA’s review of these matters remains ongoing, though
                             Act 1998 to address new payments-related risks following           going forward the Australian Government Treasury and the
                             the release of its Strategic Plan for Australia’s Payments         RBA intend for the focus of the review to be on wholesale
                             System in June 2023. The proposed changes are currently            CBDC rather than a CBDC for retail customers. The Reserve
                             before Parliament. Additionally, the Australian Government         Bank of New Zealand (RBNZ) is similarly reviewing a CBDC
                             has released for consultation draft legislation on a Scams         and in July 2024 closed a consultation on the possibility of
                             Prevention Framework.                                              the RBNZ issuing a CBDC, which is expected to influence
                                                                                                the future of the sector in NZ and its impact on BNZ.
                        •    The Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) has set expectations
                                                                                                The CBDC consultation is part of a multi-stage exploration
                             for the tokenisation of payment cards and storage of
                                                                                                being conducted by the RBNZ. The RBNZ has discussed
                             primary account numbers to promote security, efficiency,
                                                                                                introducing a CBDC in or around 2030. The Australian
                             and competition in the payments system. Industry
                                                                                                Prudential Regulation Authority (APRA) has consulted on
                             participants are expected to support the portability of both
                                                                                                the prudential treatment for crypto-assets in 2024 and the
                             scheme and proprietary tokens by the end of June 2025.
                                                                                                new regulatory framework is expected to come into effect
                        •    The continued implementation of the Consumer Data                  in 2025.
                             Right (CDR), known as ‘Open Banking’, in the Australian
                             banking sector. The CDR seeks to increase competition          Risks may arise from pursuing acquisitions and divestments.
                             and innovation between service providers by mandating          The Group regularly considers a range of corporate
                             and standardising the sharing of certain consumer and          opportunities, including acquisitions, divestments, joint
                             business customer data and data relating to their products     ventures, and investments.
                             and services. Where large global technology companies
                                                                                            The pursuit of corporate opportunities inherently involves
                             choose to participate in the CDR, there is potential
                                                                                            transaction risks, including the risk that the Group over-
                             for these companies to access more data which may
                                                                                            values an acquisition or investment, or under-values a
                             increase their competitiveness including in other sectors,
                                                                                            divestment, as well as exposure to reputational damage or
                             such as financial services. In August 2024 the Australian
                                                                                            regulatory intervention. The Group may encounter difficulties
                             Government announced its intention to make changes to
                                                                                            in integrating or separating businesses, including failure to
                             the CDR, which may result in additional requirements.
                                                                                            realise expected synergies, disruption to operations, diversion
                        •    The New Zealand (NZ) Government’s introduction of the          of management resources, or higher than expected costs.
                             Customer and Product Data Bill to Parliament in May 2024.      These risks and difficulties may ultimately have an adverse
                             If passed, the bill will establish a CDR that will seek        impact on the Group’s financial performance and position.
                             to improve consumers’ ability to compare and switch
                             products. Banking is set to be the first sector designated     The Group may incur unexpected financial losses following
                             under the proposed legislation. Alongside the Customer         an acquisition, joint venture, or investment if the business
                             and Product Data Bill, the NZ Government recently closed a     it invests in does not perform as planned or causes
                             consultation on the regulatory regime for Open Banking and     unanticipated changes to the Group’s risk profile. Additionally,
                             how Open Banking should be operationalised. The adoption       there can be no assurance that customers, employees,
                             of Open Banking in NZ is designed to increase competition      suppliers, counterparties, and other relevant stakeholders will
                             and innovation in NZ banking, payments and financial data      remain with an acquired business following the transaction,
                             services subsequently leading to better products and           and any failure to retain such stakeholders may have
                             services for customers, and this may increase compliance       an adverse impact on the Group’s financial performance
                             costs for banks, including BNZ and may limit BNZ’s ability     and position.
                             to charge for access to payments or data. The NZ               Risks related to the Company’s acquisition of Citigroup’s
                             Government has committed to ensuring Open Banking is           Australian consumer business which completed on 1 June 2022
                             fully operational by June 2026.                                are ongoing.



                        94     National Australia Bank
                        Risk factors (cont.)




                        The Group continues to rely on Citigroup’s regional shared         a risk that the exit does not occur to plan, and there may
                        technology infrastructure for transitional services (and will      be a potential adverse impact on the Group if the exit is not
                        do so through the transition period), as well as Citigroup’s       managed appropriately.
                        support for data migration activities after the development of     On 30 April 2024, the Group completed a transaction under                About
                        technology systems within the Group. There is a risk that as
                                                                                                                                                                 this report
                                                                                           which the Group and Jarden Wealth and Asset Management
                        the integration project and the development of technology          Holdings Limited (Jarden Wealth), combined their respective
                        systems within the Group continues, costs may be higher            NZ wealth advice and asset management businesses into a
                        than anticipated, more internal resourcing is required than        newly formed entity FirstCape Limited (FirstCape) (FirstCape
                        anticipated, or that key employees, customers, suppliers, or       Transaction). The Group, Jarden Wealth, and Funds advised
                        other stakeholders required for a successful transition, will      by Pacific Equity Partners are the shareholders in FirstCape.
                        not be retained. Additionally, there is a risk that the timeline   As part of the FirstCape Transaction, the Group has provided
                                                                                                                                                                 Our business
                        for the integration is extended, which may result in further       FirstCape with certain indemnities and warranties relating to
                        costs being incurred by the Group.                                 certain pre-completion matters of the Group’s NZ wealth

                                                                                                                                                                    in 2024
                        Citigroup has provided the Company with indemnities relating       businesses which now forms part of FirstCape and certain
                        to certain matters which may have occurred pre-completion,         contractual covenants. A breach or triggering of these
                        as well as covenants and warranties in favour of the Company.      contractual protections may result in the Group being liable
                        There is a risk that these protections may be insufficient         to FirstCape.
                        to fully cover liabilities relating to these matters, which may
                        have an adverse impact on the Group’s financial performance        Credit risk




                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value




For personal use only
                        and position.                                                      Credit risk is the risk that a customer will fail to meet their
                        The Group may also have ongoing exposures to divested              obligations to the Group in accordance with agreed terms.
                        businesses, including through a residual shareholding, the         Credit risk arises from both the Group’s lending activities and
                        provision of continued services and infrastructure, or an          markets and trading activities.
                        agreement to retain certain liabilities of the divested
                                                                                           A protracted period of elevated interest rates may result in
                        businesses through warranties and indemnities. These
                                                                                           deterioration in the Group’s credit risk profile in the short
                        ongoing exposures may have an adverse impact on the
                                                                                           term through accelerated increases in defaulted loans.
                        Group’s business and financial performance and position. The
                                                                                           Elevated interest rates to combat inflationary pressures have
                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate
                        Group may also enter into non-compete arrangements as
                        part of divestments, which may limit the future operations of      resulted in increases in arrears, primarily in the home loan
                        the Group.                                                         and small and medium business portfolios. If interest rates
                                                                                                                                                                Governance
                                                                                           remain elevated for a protracted period, this may continue
                                                                                                                                                                 Statement
                        The Company completed the sale of its advice, platforms,
                                                                                           to increase household and business financial stress across
                        superannuation and investments and asset management
                                                                                           Australia and NZ, particularly for those customers who are
                        businesses to IOOF Holdings in May 2021, now named
                                                                                           highly geared and/or facing reduced income due to weaker
                        Insignia Financial (MLC Wealth Transaction). As part of the
                                                                                           economic activity. This may drive an increase in bankruptcies,
                        MLC Wealth Transaction, the Company provided Insignia
                                                                                           business failures, and higher unemployment. Sectors exposed

                                                                                                                                                                    Risk
                        Financial with indemnities relating to certain pre-completion
                                                                                           to changes in household discretionary spending (including
                        matters, including a remediation program relating to
                                                                                           retail trade, tourism, hospitality, and personal services) are
                        workplace superannuation matters, breaches of AML laws
                                                                                           particularly vulnerable to financial stress in the event of

                                                                                                                                                                 management
                        and regulations, regulatory fines and penalties, and certain
                                                                                           modifications to consumer spending behaviour.
                        litigation and regulatory investigations. The Company also
                        provided covenants and warranties in favour of Insignia            The heightened credit risk in affected sectors and elevated
                        Financial. A breach or triggering of these contractual             levels of household and business financial stress may result
                        protections may result in the Company being liable to              in an increase in losses if customers default on their
                        Insignia Financial.                                                loan obligations.


                                                                                                                                                                   Report of
                        As part of the MLC Wealth Transaction, the Company retained        Extreme weather events, and longer-term changes in
                        the companies that operated the advice businesses, such            climate conditions coupled with transition risk may lead to

                                                                                                                                                                 the Directors
                        that the Group has retained all liabilities associated with        rising customer defaults.
                        the conduct of these businesses pre-completion. From
                                                                                           The following risks relating to climate change, combined
                        completion, the Company has agreed to provide Insignia
                                                                                           with changes to future insurance affordability and availability,
                        Financial with certain transitional services and continuing
                                                                                           may result in increased losses from customer defaults or
                        access to records, as well as support for data migration
                                                                                           decreased valuations, and may ultimately have an adverse
                        activities. The Company may be liable to Insignia Financial if




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
                                                                                           impact on the Group’s financial performance and position:
                        it fails to perform its obligations. There is a risk that costs
                        associated with separation activities and the costs incurred       •   Increasing number of extreme weather events (including
                        by the Company in satisfying its obligations may be higher             substantial rainfall or drought).
                        than anticipated. If so, or if the Company fails to perform its    •   Increasing weather volatility and longer-term changes in
                        obligations, there may be an adverse impact on the Group’s             climatic conditions.
                        financial performance and position.
                                                                                           •   Climate-related transition risks as the global economy
                        On 17 November 2022, the Company announced its intention               transitions to low-carbon alternatives.
                        to exit its custody business, NAB Asset Servicing. The exit
                                                                                           Some customers have faced significant challenges from
                        is being effected through the transfer of all NAB Asset

                                                                                                                                                                  Additional
                                                                                           extreme weather events which caused property damage for
                        Servicing’s clients to alternative custody providers over a
                                                                                           customers across the home and business lending portfolios.
                        period of approximately three years (being undertaken from
                                                                                           The rising severity and prevalence of these events pose a risk
                                                                                                                                                                 information
                        2022-2025). The transfer of all clients over a relatively short
                                                                                           to the credit portfolio in the medium term.
                        period is a complex exercise that is subject to operational/
                        transitional risks that need to be managed carefully. There is



                                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report   95
                        Risk factors (cont.)




                        A decline in property market valuations may give rise to            Market declines and increased volatility may result in the
                        higher losses on defaulting loans.                                  Group incurring losses.
                        Residential housing loans and commercial real estate loans          Some of the Group’s assets and liabilities comprise financial
                        in Australia and NZ constitute a material component of the          instruments that are carried at fair value, with changes
                        Group’s total gross loans and acceptances.                          in fair value recognised in the Group’s income statement.
                        The Group may have higher credit risk, or experience higher         Movements in interest rates can affect prepayment
                        credit losses, to the extent its loans are concentrated by          assumptions and thus fair value. Market declines and
                        loan type, industry segment, borrower type, or location of the      increased volatility could negatively impact the value of those
                        borrower or collateral. For example, the Group’s credit risk        financial instruments and cause the Group to incur losses.
                        and credit losses can increase if borrowers who engage in
                                                                                            Other macro-economic, geopolitical, climate, nature-
                        similar activities are uniquely or disproportionately affected by
                                                                                            related or social risks may adversely affect the Group and
                        extreme weather events, economic or market conditions, or
                                                                                            pose a credit risk.
                        by regulation, such as regulation related to climate change. A
                        deterioration in economic conditions or real estate values in       Most of the Group's businesses operate in Australia and NZ,
                        Australia and NZ, could result in higher credit losses and costs.   with additional operations located in Asia, the United Kingdom,
                                                                                            France and the United States. Levels of borrowing are heavily
                        Residential and commercial real estate prices in Australia and
                                                                                            dependent on customer confidence, employment trends,
                        NZ increased for some years up until 2021 but experienced a
                                                                                            market interest rates, and other economic and financial
                        decline in 2022 following the central banks’ moves to increase
                                                                                            market conditions and forecasts.
                        interest rates. Residential real estate prices recovered in




For personal use only
                        2023. In Australia, prices continued to increase in 2024 with       Domestic and international economic conditions and
                        most markets recording price increases and recovering most          forecasts are influenced by a number of macro-economic
                        of the declines recorded in 2022. On the other hand, in NZ          factors such as: economic growth rates, environmental and
                        residential real estate prices have begun to decline in 2024.       social issues (including emerging issues such as modern
                        Commercial real estate prices have recorded mixed results,          slavery and nature-related risks), cost and availability of
                        with favourable growth recorded in the Australian Industrial        capital, central bank intervention, inflation and deflation rates,
                        sector offset by the ongoing structural adjustment in the           level of interest rates, yield curves, market volatility, and
                        office space.                                                       uncertainty. Deterioration in any of these factors may lead to
                                                                                            the following negative impacts on the Group:
                        When the value of residential or commercial real estate used
                        as collateral (including in business lending) reduces below the     •   Deterioration in the value and liquidity of assets
                        value of the loan, the Group is exposed to losses in the event          (including collateral).
                        of any customer default. This may, in turn, impact the Group’s      •   The inability to price certain assets.
                        financial performance and position and returns to investors.        •   Environmental conditions and social and governance
                        The most significant impact, in the event of default, is likely         issues impacting the risk and return profile and/or value of
                        to come through residential mortgage customers in high loan-            customers’ security or business operations.
                        to-value-ratio brackets.
                                                                                            •   An increase in customer or counterparty default and
                        Adverse business conditions in Australia and NZ, in                     credit losses.
                        the agricultural sector may give rise to increasing                 •   Higher provisions for credit impairment.
                        customer defaults.                                                  •   Mark-to-market losses in equity and trading positions,
                        The Group has a large market share among lenders to the                 including the Group’s high-quality liquid asset
                        Australian and NZ agricultural sectors. These sectors may be            (HQLA) portfolios.
                        negatively impacted by several factors, including:                  •   A lack of available or suitable derivative instruments for
                        •    Vulnerability to labour constraints.                               hedging purposes.
                        •    Trade restrictions and tariffs.                                •   Increased cost of insurance, lack of available or suitable
                        •    Volatility in commodity prices (particularly agricultural          insurance, customer reluctance to maintain adequate
                             product prices).                                                   insurance, or failure of the insurance underwriter.

                        •    Foreign exchange rate movements.                               Economic conditions may also be negatively impacted by
                                                                                            climate change and major shock events, such as natural
                        •    Changes in consumer preference and market access.
                                                                                            disasters, epidemics and pandemics, war and terrorism,
                        •    Disease and introduction of pathogens and pests (e.g., the     cyber-attacks, political and social unrest, banking instability,
                             threat of a local foot and mouth disease outbreak and          and sovereign debt restructuring and defaults.
                             spread in Australia of the varroa mite – impacting European
                                                                                            The following macro-economic and financial market
                             honey bees).
                                                                                            conditions are, as of the date of this Report, of most
                        •    Export and quarantine restrictions.                            relevance to the credit risks facing the Group and may affect
                        •    Supply chain constraints and increasing supply                 revenue growth and/or customer balance sheets:
                             chain producer responsibility, traceability, and               •   Global economic growth has slowed in 2024 and is
                             transparency requirements.                                         expected to remain below its long term average in the
                        •    Extreme weather events (including substantial rainfall or          near-term. Weaker economic conditions reflect the impact
                             drought or bushfires), increasing weather volatility and           of tight monetary policy and lending standards, particularly
                             longer-term changes in climate conditions.                         in advanced economies, along with weak domestic demand
                        •    Expectations related to management of other nature-                in China.
                             related risks such as deforestation, including both the        •   Central banks in many major advanced economies have
                             environmental impacts and potential exposure from any              either commenced, or indicated that they are preparing
                             illegal deforestation.                                             to commence, reducing policy rates from restrictive levels.
                                                                                                However, if economic conditions, including inflation, do not


                        96     National Australia Bank
                        Risk factors (cont.)




                            evolve as expected, this may lead to large, and possibly         movements in market prices. Adverse price movements
                            varied, changes to policy settings – including for interest      impacting the Group may occur in credit spreads, interest
                            rates - across central banks. This may impact asset              rates, foreign exchange rates, and commodity and equity
                            valuations, credit conditions and financial market stability,    prices, particularly during periods of heightened market                      About
                            as well as weaken economic activity, potentially exposing        volatility or reduced liquidity. Market conditions remain volatile
                            imbalances, or weaknesses, in balance sheets, including          in response to an uncertain economic environment and                       this report
                            those of financial institutions. Risk of contagion due to        elevated geopolitical risk.
                            financial system instability remains an ongoing concern          The occurrence of any event giving rise to material market risk
                            for the Group due to the interdependency of financial            losses may have a negative impact on the Group’s financial
                            market participants. Where concerns over the viability           performance and position.
                            of financial institutions arise, it can trigger contagion

                                                                                                                                                                        Our business
                            fears, potentially destabilising global markets and, in turn,    The Group is exposed to credit spread risk.
                            negatively affecting economic activity.
                                                                                             Credit spread risk is the risk that the Group may suffer

                                                                                                                                                                           in 2024
                        •   China is a major trading partner for Australia and NZ,           losses from adverse movements in credit spreads, including
                            with export incomes and business investment exposed to           increases in credit spreads resulting from financial markets
                            changes in China’s economic growth and trade policies.           instability. This is a significant risk in the Group’s trading and
                            China’s economy continues to face substantial headwinds,         banking books.
                            with growth forecast to slow going forward. In the short
                                                                                             The Group’s trading book is exposed to credit risk movements
                            term this reflects subdued domestic consumption and




                                                                                                                                                                          Creating value
                                                                                             in the value of securities and derivatives as a result of




For personal use only
                            weakness in the property sector in China, alongside an
                                                                                             changes in the perceived credit quality of the underlying
                            export sector challenged by protectionism in two major
                                                                                             company or issuer. Credit spread risk accumulates in the
                            markets (the European Union and the United States).
                                                                                             Group’s trading book when it provides risk transfer services
                            Demographic issues are also becoming an increasing
                                                                                             to customers seeking to buy or sell fixed income securities
                            factor reducing growth as the population ages out of
                                                                                             (such as corporate bonds). The Group may also be exposed
                            the workforce. This could negatively impact the global
                                                                                             to credit spread risk when holding an inventory of fixed
                            economy generally, and the Australian and NZ economies
                                                                                             income securities in anticipation of customer demand or
                            in particular. Although diplomatic tensions between the
                                                                                             undertaking market-making activity (i.e., quoting buy and
                            Chinese and Australian governments have eased since
                                                                                                                                                                        Corporate
                                                                                             sell prices to customers) in fixed income securities. The
                            mid-2022, the risk of trade restrictions being imposed on
                                                                                             Group’s trading book is also exposed to credit spread risk
                                                                                                                                                                       Governance
                            Australian exports remains. Any restrictions could have a
                                                                                             through credit valuation adjustments. A widening of credit
                            negative impact on the Group’s customers and may give
                                                                                             spreads could negatively impact the value of the credit
                            rise to increasing levels of customer defaults.
                                                                                             valuation adjustments.                                                     Statement
                        •   As commodity exporting economies, Australia and NZ are
                                                                                             The Group’s banking book houses HQLAs which form the
                            exposed to shifts in global commodity prices that can
                                                                                             majority of the Group’s liquidity portfolio required for managing
                            be sudden, sizeable, and difficult to predict. Fluctuations
                                                                                             the Group’s liquidity risk. While the Group hedges the interest
                            in commodity markets can affect key economic variables

                                                                                                                                                                           Risk
                                                                                             rate risk on this portfolio, it is subject to credit spread
                            like national income tax receipts and exchange rates.
                                                                                             risk through changes in spreads on its holdings of semi-
                            Commodity price volatility remains substantial and, given
                                                                                             government bonds. During periods of adverse credit spread

                                                                                                                                                                        management
                            the Group’s sizeable exposures to commodity producing
                                                                                             movements, these positions can give rise to material volatility
                            and trading businesses, this volatility poses a credit risk to
                                                                                             within the Group’s treasury portfolio which is captured
                            the Group.
                                                                                             either in profit and loss or reserves. Positions in residential
                        •   Elevated geopolitical instability, such as the Russia-Ukraine    mortgage-backed securities that arise through the Group’s
                            and Middle Eastern conflicts, has negatively impacted,           warehousing, underwriting, and syndication operations also
                            and could continue to negatively impact, the global and          form part of the banking book and are exposed to changes

                                                                                                                                                                          Report of
                            Australian economies, including by causing supply chain          in credit spreads.
                            disruptions, rising prices for oil and other commodities,
                            volatility in capital markets and foreign currency exchange      The Group is exposed to interest rate risk.

                                                                                                                                                                        the Directors
                            rates, rising interest rates and heightened cybersecurity        The Group's financial performance and capital position are
                            risks. Prices may remain elevated for an extended period,        impacted by changes in interest rates.
                            which would negatively impact most businesses and
                            households, and may lead to increased credit losses for          The Group’s trading book is exposed to changes in the value
                            the Group.                                                       of securities and derivatives as a result of changes in interest
                                                                                             rates. The Group’s trading book accumulates interest rate




                                                                                                                                                                          Financial report
                        •   Other geopolitical risks continue to present uncertainty         risk when the Group provides interest rate hedging solutions
                            to the global economic outlook, with negative impacts on         for customers, holds interest rate risk in anticipation of
                            consumption and business investment. Tensions between            customer requirements, or undertakes market-making activity
                            the United States and China (along with other countries),        in fixed income securities or interest rate derivatives. The
                            including in relation to Taiwan, the South China Sea, and        level of volatility in interest rate markets has increased in
                            Asia-Pacific which could increase as a result of the AUKUS       the post-pandemic period after a broadening of inflationary
                            pact or other similar agreements, as well as disruptions to      pressures saw major central banks unwind stimulus and rapidly
                            trade through the Red Sea and the potential for widening         tighten monetary policy. As a result of the uncertain economic
                            conflict in Eastern Europe and the Middle East, could impact     outlook and elevated geopolitical risk, market conditions

                                                                                                                                                                         Additional
                            global economic growth and global supply chains.                 remain unstable.
                        Market risk                                                          Balance sheet and off-balance sheet items can create an

                                                                                                                                                                        information
                        The Group may suffer losses as a result of a change in               interest rate risk exposure within the Group. As interest rates
                        the value of the Group’s positions in financial instruments,         and yield curves change over time, the Group may be exposed
                        bank assets and liabilities, or their hedges due to adverse          to a loss in earnings and economic value due to the interest



                                                                                                                                          2024 Annual Report      97
                        Risk factors (cont.)




                        rate profile of its balance sheet. Such exposure may arise           heightened market volatility may limit the Group’s access
                        from a mismatch between the maturity profile of the Group’s          to this funding source. Disruption in global capital markets,
                        lending portfolio compared to its deposit portfolio (and other       reduced investor interest in the Group’s securities and/or
                        funding sources), as well as the extent to which lending             reduced customer deposits, may adversely affect the Group’s
                        and deposit products can be repriced should interest rates           funding and liquidity position. This may increase the cost of
                        change, thereby impacting the Group’s net interest margin.           obtaining funds, reduce the tenor of available funds or impose
                                                                                             unfavourable terms on the Group’s access to funds, constrain
                        The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk.                       the volume of new lending, or adversely affect the Group’s
                        Foreign exchange risks are evident in the Group’s trading and        capital position.
                        banking books.
                                                                                             The Group’s capital position may be constrained by
                        Foreign exchange and translation risks arise from the impact
                                                                                             prudential requirements.
                        of currency movements on the value of the Group’s positions
                        in financial instruments, profits and losses, and assets and         Capital risk is the risk that the Group does not hold sufficient
                        liabilities due to participation in global financial markets and     capital and reserves to cover exposures and to protect
                        international operations.                                            against unexpected losses. Capital is the cornerstone of the
                                                                                             Group’s financial strength. It supports the Group’s operations
                        The Group’s ownership structure includes investment in               by providing a buffer to absorb unanticipated losses from
                        overseas subsidiaries and associates which gives rise to             its activities.
                        foreign currency exposures, including through the repatriation
                        of capital and dividends. The Group’s businesses may                 The Group must comply with prudential requirements in




For personal use only
                        therefore be affected by a change in currency exchange               relation to capital across the jurisdictions in which it operates.
                        rates, and movements in the mark-to-market valuation of              Compliance with these requirements, and any further changes
                        derivatives and hedging contracts.                                   to these requirements may:

                        The Group’s financial statements are prepared and presented          •   Limit the Group’s ability to manage capital across the
                        in Australian dollars unless otherwise stated, and any adverse           entities within the Group.
                        fluctuations in the Australian dollar against other currencies       •   Limit payment of dividends or distributions on shares and
                        in which the Group invests or transacts, and generates                   hybrid instruments.
                        profits (or incurs losses), may adversely impact its financial       •   Require the Group to raise more capital (in an absolute
                        performance and position.                                                sense) or raise more capital of higher quality.

                        The Group is exposed to market risk should it be unable to           •   Restrict balance sheet growth.
                        sell down its underwriting risk.                                     Current regulatory changes that could present a risk to the
                        As financial intermediaries, members of the Group underwrite         Group’s capital position include loss-absorbing requirements
                        or guarantee different types of transactions, risks and              for Domestic Systemically Important Banks, which include the
                        outcomes, including the placement of listed and unlisted debt,       Group. These changes require an increase to total capital
                        equity-linked and equity securities. The underwriting obligation     by 4.5% of risk weighted assets (RWA) by 1 January 2026, with
                        or guarantee may be over the pricing and placement of                an interim increase by 3% of RWA which came into effect
                        these securities, and the Group may therefore be exposed             on 1 January 2024. These requirements are expected to be
                        to potential losses, which may be significant, if it fails to sell   satisfied primarily through the issue of additional Tier 2 Capital
                        down some or all of this risk to other market participants.          which will further increase the Group’s funding costs due
                                                                                             to the higher cost of Tier 2 Capital issuance relative to
                        Capital, funding and liquidity risk                                  senior debt.
                                                                                             In September 2024, APRA released a discussion paper outlining
                        The Group is exposed to funding and liquidity risk.
                                                                                             potential amendments to APRA’s prudential framework that
                        Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is unable to meet          seek to ensure that the capital strength of the Australian
                        its financial obligations as they fall due. These obligations        banking system operates more effectively in stress. For
                        include the repayment of deposits on demand or at their              advanced banks such as the Company, APRA has proposed
                        contractual maturity, the repayment of wholesale borrowings          replacing 1.5% Additional Tier 1 (AT1) Capital with 0.25% CET1
                        and loan capital as they mature, the payment of interest             Capital and 1.25% Tier 2 Capital, from January 2027. Subject
                        on borrowings and the payment of operational expenses                to stakeholder feedback, APRA plans to provide an update
                        and taxes. The Group must also comply with prudential and            on the consultation process in late 2024 and formally
                        regulatory liquidity obligations across the jurisdictions in which   consult on specific changes to prudential standards in 2025.
                        it operates. A significant deterioration in the Group’s liquidity    Changes to the requirements for AT1 Capital may impact the
                        position for any reason may lead to an increase in the Group’s       Group’s capital position, and credit ratings for AT1 and Tier 2
                        funding costs, constrain the volume of new lending, or cause         instruments. This may also potentially impact the Group’s cost
                        the Group to breach its prudential or regulatory liquidity           of funds.
                        obligations. This may adversely impact the Group’s reputation
                                                                                             In addition, revisions to the RBNZ capital requirements (to be
                        and financial performance and position.
                                                                                             phased in by 2028) will require the Group to hold more capital
                        Funding risk is the risk that the Group is unable to raise short     in New Zealand.
                        and long term funding to support its ongoing operations,
                                                                                             If the information or the assumptions upon which the Group’s
                        regulatory requirements, strategic plans, and objectives. The
                                                                                             capital requirements are assessed prove to be inaccurate,
                        Group accesses domestic and global capital markets to
                                                                                             this may adversely impact the Group’s operations, financial
                        help fund its business, along with using customer deposits.
                                                                                             performance and financial position.
                        A significant deterioration in the Group’s ability to access
                        these markets or of lenders to provide funding may adversely
                        impact the Group’s financial reputation, financial performance
                        and position. The Group relies on offshore wholesale funding
                        to support its funding and liquidity position. Periods of


                        98   National Australia Bank
                        Risk factors (cont.)




                        A downgrade in the Group’s credit ratings or outlook                retain information which is not specifically required or is
                        may adversely impact its cost of funds and capital                  not permitted by legislation, thus increasing the impact of a
                        market access.                                                      potential data breach or non-compliance. A successful cyber-
                        Credit ratings are an assessment of a borrower’s                    attack could persist for an extended period before being                About
                        creditworthiness and may be used by market participants             detected and, following detection, it could take considerable
                        in evaluating the Group and its products, services, and             time for the Group to obtain full and reliable information           this report
                        securities. Credit rating agencies conduct ongoing review           about the cybersecurity incident and the extent, amount and
                        activities, which can result in changes to credit rating settings   type of information compromised. During an investigation,
                        and outlooks for the Group, or credit ratings of sovereign          the Group may not necessarily know the full effects of the
                        jurisdictions where the Group conducts business. Credit             incident or how to remediate it, and actions and decisions
                        ratings may be affected by operational and other market             that are taken or made to mitigate risk may further increase

                                                                                                                                                                 Our business
                        factors (e.g., ESG-related factors), or changes in a credit         the costs and other negative consequences of the incident.
                        rating agency’s rating methodologies.                               Moreover, the Group may be required to disclose information


                                                                                                                                                                    in 2024
                                                                                            about a cybersecurity event before it has been resolved or
                        A downgrade in the credit ratings or outlook of the Group,
                                                                                            fully investigated. Additionally, the Group uses select external
                        the Group’s securities, or the sovereign rating of one or
                                                                                            providers (in Australia and overseas) to process and store
                        more of the countries in which the Group operates, may
                                                                                            confidential data and to develop and provide its technology
                        increase the Group’s cost of funds or limit its access to
                                                                                            services, including the increasing use of cloud infrastructure.
                        capital markets. This may also cause a deterioration of
                                                                                            The Group is limited in its ability to monitor and control
                        the Group’s liquidity position and trigger additional collateral




                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                            the security protocols that service providers implement on
                        requirements in derivative contracts and other secured
                                                                                            a day-to-day basis. Failures of controls by these providers
                        funding arrangements. A downgrade to the Group’s credit
                                                                                            may expose the Group and the data it stores to loss of
                        ratings relative to its peers may also adversely impact
                                                                                            confidentiality, integrity or availability. The Group may also
                        the Group’s competitive position and financial performance
                                                                                            submit confidential information to its key regulators under a
                        and position.
                                                                                            legal obligation and as part of regulatory reporting.
                        Operational risk                                                    A breach of security at any of these external providers,
                        Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate      regulators or within the Group may result in operational
                                                                                            disruption, theft or loss of customer or employee data, a
                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate
                        or failed internal processes, people and systems or
                        external events.                                                    breach of privacy laws, regulatory enforcement actions, civil

                                                                                                                                                                Governance
                                                                                            penalties, customer or employee redress, litigation, financial
                        Privacy, information security and data breaches may                 losses, or loss of market share, property, or information.
                        adversely impact the Group’s reputation and operations.             This may be wholly or partially beyond the control of the            Statement
                                                                                            Group and may adversely impact its financial performance
                        The Group collects, processes, stores, and transmits large
                                                                                            and position. For example, some large Australian organisations
                        amounts of personal and confidential information through its
                                                                                            have experienced significant cyber-attacks in recent years
                        people, technology systems and networks and the technology
                                                                                            leading to intense public reactions and increased political and
                        systems and networks of its external service providers.

                                                                                                                                                                    Risk
                                                                                            regulatory focus.
                        Threats to information security are constantly evolving,
                        including through the use of emerging technologies, such as         In addition, any such event may give rise to increased


                                                                                                                                                                 management
                        advanced forms of AI, and techniques used to perpetrate             regulatory scrutiny or adversely affect the view of ratings
                        cyber-attacks are increasingly sophisticated. In addition, the      agencies. Social media commentary, and the Group’s
                        number, nature, and resources of adverse actors that could          responses to the relevant event, may exacerbate the impact
                        pose a cyber threat to the Group is growing, including              on the Group’s reputation.
                        individual cybercriminals, criminal or terrorist syndicate          Generative AI is an emerging area of operational risk. While
                        networks and large sophisticated foreign governments with           AI has potential to support significant service advances

                                                                                                                                                                   Report of
                        significant resources and capabilities.                             for customers, it also has the potential to assist, enable,
                        There is a risk that the Group’s efforts to improve its             and enhance existing methods for criminals to perpetrate
                                                                                            fraud, scams, and cyber threats against the Company and

                                                                                                                                                                 the Directors
                        technology systems and networks and its information security
                        policies, procedures and controls may not be adequate to            its customers, and poses increased risks to cybersecurity
                        address these threats. While the Group participates in internal     such as denial of service, and more sophisticated social
                        and external reviews and testing and is subject to regulatory       engineering attacks.
                        oversight, which collectively help to identify weaknesses           The Group’s use of AI and machine learning technologies
                        and areas for improvement, remediation of weaknesses                is also subject to risks that algorithms and datasets are




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
                        is sometimes difficult to complete in a timely manner               flawed or may be insufficient and could increase the risk
                        due to the complex technology environment (including                of unintended deficiencies and could result in inaccurate or
                        third party involvement) and the rapidly evolving nature of         ineffective decisions, predictions or analysis, and give rise
                        the threats, which leads to the continuing emergence of             to potential ethical and social risks associated with its use
                        new vulnerabilities.                                                (e.g., unintended discrimination, bias and disinformation). If
                        As cyber threats continue to evolve, the Group may                  the Group were found to have infringed or misappropriated
                        be required to expend significant additional resources              a third-party patent or other intellectual property right
                        to continue to modify or enhance its layers of                      (including where the Group or a third party has used
                        defence or to investigate and remediate any information             generative AI outputs based on data for which the generative

                                                                                                                                                                  Additional
                        security vulnerabilities.                                           model may not have had consent), the Group could, in some
                                                                                            circumstances, be prohibited from providing certain products
                        The Group may also not always be able to anticipate a security

                                                                                                                                                                 information
                                                                                            or services to its customers or from utilising and benefiting
                        threat, or be able to implement effective information security
                                                                                            from certain methods, processes, copyrights, trademarks,
                        policies, procedures, and controls to prevent or minimise
                                                                                            trade secrets, or licences.
                        the resulting damage. The Group may also inadvertently



                                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report   99
                        Risk factors (cont.)




                        Disruption to technology and services may adversely impact         is exposed to operational risk due to process or human
                        the Group’s reputation and operations.                             error, including incorrect or incomplete data capture and
                        Many of the Group’s operations depend on technology or             records maintenance, incorrect or incomplete documentation
                        third parties. Therefore, the financial strength, reliability,     to support activities, inadequate design of processes or
                        resilience, security, and performance of the Group’s and           controls, or incorrect reporting. The Group uses select
                        its third parties’ information technology systems, processes       external providers (in Australia and overseas) to provide
                        and infrastructure are essential to the effective operation        services to the Group and is exposed to similar risks arising
                        of the Group’s business and consequently to its financial          from such failures in the operating environment of its
                        performance and position. The reliability, security and            external providers.
                        resilience of the Group’s technology and services may be           The materialisation of any of these risks could lead to direct
                        impacted by the complex technology environment, selection,         financial loss, loss of customer, employee or commercially
                        concentration of and reliance on suppliers, failure to keep        sensitive data, regulatory penalties, and reputational damage.
                        technology systems up to date, an inability to restore or
                        recover systems and data in acceptable timeframes, or a            The Group may not be able to attract, remunerate and
                        physical or cyber-attack against the Group or its external         retain suitable talent.
                        providers including suppliers of cloud services to the Group.      The Group is dependent on its ability to attract and retain
                        The rapid evolution of technology in the financial services        key executives, employees, and Board members with a deep
                        industry and the increased expectations of customers for           understanding of banking and technology, who are qualified
                        internet and mobile services on demand expose the Group to         to execute and govern the Group’s strategy, including the




For personal use only
                        changing operational scenarios.                                    technology transformation the Group is undertaking to meet
                                                                                           the changing needs of its customers. Potential weaknesses in
                        Any disruption to the Group’s technology and services
                                                                                           employment practices, including diversity, anti-discrimination,
                        (including disruption to the technology systems of the Group’s
                                                                                           workplace flexibility, payroll, workplace health and safety
                        external providers) may be wholly or partially beyond the
                                                                                           and employee wellbeing, together with a competitive labour
                        Group’s control and may result in operational disruption,
                                                                                           market for critical skills, are sources of operational risk that
                        regulatory enforcement actions, customer redress, litigation,
                                                                                           can impact the Group’s ability to attract and retain qualified
                        financial losses, theft or loss of customer data, loss of market
                                                                                           personnel with the requisite knowledge, skills, and capability.
                        share, loss of property or information, or may adversely
                                                                                           The effective management of psychosocial risk (including
                        impact the Group’s speed and agility in the delivery of change
                                                                                           relating to workplace factors such as customer aggression,
                        and innovation.
                                                                                           workload issues or poor change management) is an area of
                        In addition, any such disruption may adversely affect the trust    focus within the Group to support employee wellbeing and
                        that internal and external stakeholders have in the Group’s        retain talent. It is also an area of increasing regulatory scrutiny
                        ability to protect key information (such as customer and           and reputational risk.
                        employee records) and infrastructure. This may in turn affect
                                                                                           The Group’s capacity to attract and retain key talent, in
                        the Group’s reputation, which may result in loss of customers,
                                                                                           addition to providing attractive career opportunities, also
                        a reduction in share price, ratings downgrades and regulatory
                                                                                           depends on its ability to adequately and appropriately
                        censure or penalties.
                                                                                           respond to changes (internal or external) as well as design
                        Complexity of infrastructure, processes and models gives           and implement effective remuneration and talent structures.
                        rise to a significant risk to the Group’s operations.              This may be constrained by several factors, including by
                                                                                           regulatory requirements (particularly in the highly regulated
                        The Group’s business involves the execution of many
                                                                                           financial services sector).
                        processes and transactions with varying degrees of
                        complexity. The Group is reliant on its policies, processes,       The unexpected loss of key resources or the inability to
                        controls, and supporting infrastructure functioning as             attract personnel with suitable experience may adversely
                        designed, and on third parties appropriately managing their        impact the Group’s ability to operate effectively and
                        own operational risk and delivering services to the Group          efficiently, or to meet the Group’s strategic objectives. This
                        as required. A failure in the design or operation of these         risk may also impact third party vendors (including offshore
                        policies, processes, controls, and infrastructure, failure of      vendors) engaged by the Group, who may be experiencing
                        the Group to manage external service providers, or the             similar personnel related challenges.
                        disablement of a supporting system, all pose a significant
                                                                                           External events may adversely impact the
                        risk to the Group’s operations and consequently its financial
                                                                                           Group’s operations.
                        performance, reputation and the timeliness and accuracy of
                        its statutory and prudential reporting.                            Operational risk can arise from external events such
                                                                                           as biological hazards, climate change, natural disasters,
                        Models are used extensively in the conduct of the Group’s
                                                                                           widespread disease or pandemics, or acts of terrorism and
                        business, for example, in calculating capital requirements
                                                                                           geopolitical conflict.
                        or customer compensation payments, and in measuring
                        and stressing exposures. If the models used prove to be            The Group has branches and office buildings across Australia
                        inadequate, or are based on incorrect or invalid assumptions,      and NZ in locations that are prone to extreme weather events,
                        judgements, or inputs, this may adversely affect the               with NZ locations also prone to earthquakes.
                        Group’s customers and the Group’s financial performance            Given the Group’s physical presence in major cities in
                        and position.                                                      Australia, NZ and other countries where it has, or is intending
                                                                                           to establish, offshore operations, it may also be exposed to
                        The Group is exposed to the risk of human error.                   the risk of a terrorist attack.
                        The Group’s business, including the internal and supplier          The Group has operations in India and Vietnam conducting a
                        managed processes and systems that support business                range of essential business functions and processes including
                        decisions, relies on appropriate actions and inputs from           transaction processing and technology development.
                        its employees, agents, and external providers. The Group           Disruption (including due to geopolitical tensions) to


                        100   National Australia Bank
                        Risk factors (cont.)




                        these centres may have a material impact on the                   requirements of sustainable finance taxonomies increasing
                        Group’s operations.                                               climate-related litigation and changing regulations and
                                                                                          government policies designed to mitigate climate change
                                                                                                                                                                        About
                        Geopolitical risks continue to present uncertainty to the
                        Group’s operations. For example, tensions between the United      may negatively impact revenue and access to capital for
                                                                                          some businesses, and/or the Group’s products or services
                                                                                                                                                                     this report
                        States and China, including in relation to Taiwan, the Russia-
                        Ukraine and Middle Eastern conflicts, and China’s trade           that serve those customers. Furthermore, management of
                        and technology policies, continue to persist, which could         transition risk is more challenging given the presence of social
                        impact the Group’s operations adversely, for example through      risks such as modern slavery in relevant supply chains (e.g.,
                        disruption to free trade, global supply chains and availability   input materials and equipment required to support the low
                        of talent.                                                        carbon transition).
                                                                                          Some of the regions in which the Group operates (e.g., NZ
                                                                                                                                                                     Our business
                        External events, such as extreme weather, natural disasters,
                        biological hazards, and acts of terrorism may also cause          and Japan) face heightened geological risk associated with
                        property damage and business disruption, which may                major earthquakes, which can, and have, resulted in damage

                                                                                                                                                                        in 2024
                        adversely impact the Group’s financial performance. In            to property and infrastructure, and in some cases loss of life.
                        addition, if the Group is unable to manage the impacts of         Biodiversity loss and ecosystem degradation can arise from
                        such external events, it may compromise the Group’s ability       environmental factors such as:
                        to provide a safe workplace for its personnel and/or lead to      •   Climate change.
                        reputational damage. The environment the Group is operating
                                                                                          •   Deforestation and illegal land clearing.




                                                                                                                                                                       Creating value
                        in has become more complex and more uncertain and could




For personal use only
                        create operational risks that are yet to be identified.           •   Air and water pollution or soil contamination.
                                                                                          •   Invasive species (e.g., the varroa mite and fire ant).
                        Sustainability risk
                                                                                          These factors may disrupt business activities and supply
                        Sustainability risk is the risk that ESG-related events           chains, and may cause adverse impacts which include:
                        or conditions arise that could negatively impact the
                        sustainability, resilience, risk and return profile, value, or    •   Declines in agricultural and fishing yields.
                        reputation of the Group or its customers and suppliers.           •   Decline in bee populations providing pollination services
                        Inadequate management of ESG risks by the Group or its                to agriculture.

                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate
                        customers may expose the Group to other potential risks           •   Raw material and/or commodity price volatility.
                        across risk categories such as strategic, credit, compliance,
                                                                                                                                                                    Governance
                                                                                          •   Loss of market access.
                        conduct, operational and capital, funding and liquidity risk.
                                                                                          •   Stranded assets.
                        Physical and transition risks arising from climate change,        •   Changes in customer demand.                                            Statement
                        other environmental impacts and nature-related risks may
                                                                                          •   Changes in the regulatory environment.
                        lead to increasing customer defaults and decrease the
                        value of collateral.                                              These risks may increase expected and actual levels
                                                                                          of customer defaults, thereby increasing the credit risk
                        Extreme weather, increasing weather volatility, and longer-

                                                                                                                                                                        Risk
                                                                                          facing the Group and adversely impacting the Group’s
                        term changes in climatic conditions, as well as environmental
                                                                                          financial performance and position, profitability and returns
                        impacts such as land contamination and other nature-related
                                                                                          to investors.

                                                                                                                                                                     management
                        risks such as deforestation, biodiversity loss and ecosystem
                        degradation, may affect water security, property and asset        The Group, its customers, or its suppliers may fail to comply
                        values or cause customer losses due to damage, crop losses,       with legal, regulatory, or voluntary standards or broader
                        existing land use ceasing to be viable, and/or interruptions      shareholder, community and stakeholder expectations
                        to, or impacts on, business operations, supply chains or          concerning ESG risk performance.
                        market access.
                                                                                          ESG issues have been subject to increasing legal,

                                                                                                                                                                       Report of
                        Globally, an increasing number of countries are prone to,         regulatory, voluntary, and prudential standards and increasing
                        and have experienced, acute physical climate events. In           (and sometimes differing) community and stakeholder

                                                                                                                                                                     the Directors
                        Australia and NZ these have included drought conditions,          expectations. These include:
                        heat waves and bushfires over summer periods, and severe
                        floods. Extreme weather events are expected to increase           •   Environmental issues – such as climate change,
                        globally and locally in frequency and severity, which may have        deforestation and illegal land clearing, biodiversity loss,
                        adverse macroeconomic impacts. The impact of extreme                  ecosystem degradation, spread of invasive species,
                        weather events can take time to be fully realised and be              and pollution. Supervisory and regulatory guidance and




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial report
                        widespread, extending beyond residents, businesses, and               requirements for banks are increasingly focusing on
                        primary producers in highly impacted areas, to supply chains          ESG risks, as regulators have increased expectations
                        in other cities and towns relying on agricultural and other           of companies’ ESG-related capabilities and seek to
                        products from within these areas. The impact of these losses          understand and manage system-wide impacts such as
                        on the Group may be exacerbated by a decline in the value             those arising from climate-related risks. This focus is
                        and liquidity of assets held as collateral and the extent to          quickly evolving to broader environmental issues, such
                        which these assets are insured or insurable, which may impact         as nature-related risks, as the links between nature and
                        the Group’s ability to recover its funds when loans default.          economic prosperity and societal wellbeing are becoming
                                                                                              better understood. This has been a particular focus of the
                        Climate-related transition risks are increasing as economies,         Task Force on Nature-related Financial Disclosures, whose
                                                                                                                                                                      Additional
                        governments, and companies seek to transition to low-                 recommendations were released in September 2023, and
                        carbon alternatives and adapt to climate change. Certain              the development of which has been supported by the

                                                                                                                                                                     information
                        customer segments may be adversely impacted as the                    Australian and United Kingdom governments.
                        economy transitions to renewable and low-emissions
                        technology. Decreasing investor appetite and customer             •   Social issues – such as human rights (including modern
                        demand for carbon intensive products and services, emerging           slavery), compliance with recognised labour standards and


                                                                                                                                         2024 Annual Report   101
                        Risk factors (cont.)




                            fair working conditions, unfair and inequitable treatment         to the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and accounting
                            of people including discrimination, product responsibility,       standards in Australia and similar legislative updates in
                            appropriate remuneration, indigenous land rights and              other jurisdictions;
                            cultural heritage – including consideration of issues such    •   meet ESG-related voluntary commitments, goals and
                            as Free, Prior and Informed Consent, and animal welfare,          targets set by the Group, or Group ESG-related
                            including any such potential impacts on these matters from        policy requirements;
                            a customer’s operations and/or projects.
                                                                                          •   meet community and stakeholder expectations in relation
                        •   Governance issues – such as bribery and corruption, tax           to ESG;
                            avoidance, greenwashing and greenhushing, and other
                                                                                          •   apply appropriate ESG standards to its customers, or to
                            false or misleading environmental or sustainability claims,
                                                                                              entities in the Group’s supply chain; or
                            cross industry collaboration practices, poor governance,
                            lack of transparency, supply chain traceability, and not      •   appropriately make representations about its ESG-related
                            fulfilling accountabilities.                                      products, performance and data quality
                        Performance against corporate ESG commitments are being           may adversely impact the Group’s reputation, and
                        more closely monitored by external stakeholders as their          shareholder, customer, and employee sentiment towards
                        understanding of issues (and their associated risks) such         the Group, may increase the risk of ESG-related litigation
                        as climate change, human rights, responsible supply chain         against the Group, or may result in regulatory fines or
                        management and due diligence increases. Globally, including       penalties, including litigation or regulatory action related
                        in Australia and NZ, regulators have strengthened their policy    to greenwashing. Risk also exists due to well-funded and




For personal use only
                        guidance in relation to sustainability-related disclosures        strategic private litigants actively seeking opportunities to
                        and governance practices, with particular emphasis on             take litigation action in Australia.
                        greenwashing. Consumer and fair-trading issues in relation        Certain products, services or industries may become subject
                        to environmental and sustainability claims are a 2024-2025        to heightened public scrutiny, either generally or following
                        compliance and enforcement priority of the Australian             a specific adverse event, or because of activism by
                        Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC), aimed at              shareholders, investors, or special interest groups. This could
                        improving the integrity of environmental and sustainability       result in a sudden and significant decrease in demand for
                        claims and to protect consumers from greenwashing.                these products or services and a negative impact on revenue
                        Addressing financial system climate change risks is one           and access to capital for some businesses and increasing
                        of five strategic priorities in the 2024-2025 Corporate Plan      litigation risk. Reputational damage to impacted suppliers,
                        of the Australian Securities and Investments Commission           customers or customer sectors may give rise to associated
                        (ASIC). This includes focusing on climate-related disclosure,     reputational damage to the Group. In addition, levels of
                        greenwashing, and integrity and fairness in energy and            customer defaults in an impacted sector may increase,
                        carbon credit markets. Australian regulators (ACCC and            adversely impacting the Group’s financial performance and
                        ASIC) have continued to increase enforcement activity in          position, profitability and returns to investors.
                        relation to greenwashing in sustainability-related markets
                        and disclosures.                                                  Conduct risk
                        ESG due diligence requirements may become mandatory               Conduct risk is the risk that any action (or inaction) of the
                        in some jurisdictions in which the Group operates,                Group, or those acting on behalf of the Group, will result in
                        placing increasing demands on the Group’s processes and           unfair outcomes for any of the Group’s customers.
                        capability to manage, monitor and address ESG risks. The
                        impacts associated with climate change-related legislative        The Group is reliant on its employees, contractors and
                        and regulatory initiatives, customer requirements and the         external suppliers acting in an appropriate and ethical way.
                        transition to a low carbon economy, including meeting             Organisational culture can greatly influence individual and
                        new regulatory expectations, retrofitting of assets, energy       group behaviours. Poor culture can expose an organisation
                        efficient and low carbon investments, purchasing carbon           and lead to customer harm, financial loss and detriment.
                        credits or paying carbon taxes, may result in operational         The behaviours that could expose the Group to conduct
                        changes and additional expenditures that could adversely          risk include:
                        affect the Group and/or its customers.                            •   Failure to design products and services that are
                        The Group’s reputation and business prospects may also be             transparent, accessible, and easy for the Group’s
                        damaged if it does not, or is perceived not to, effectively           customers to understand.
                        prepare for the potential business and operational risks          •   Unmanaged conflicts of interest that could influence
                        and opportunities associated with climate change, including           behaviour that is not in the customer’s best interest.
                        through the development and marketing of effective and
                                                                                          •   Ineffective or non-adherence to applicable learning and
                        competitive products and services designed to address
                                                                                              competency training requirements.
                        clients’ climate risk-related needs. These impacts include
                        negative market perception, reduced market share and              •   Selling, providing, or unduly influencing customers to
                        regulatory and litigation consequences associated with                purchase or receive products or services that may not
                        greenwashing claims or driven by association with clients,            meet their existing needs or that place the customer at
                        industries or products that may be inconsistent with the              risk of future hardship.
                        Group’s stated positions on climate change issues.                •   Use of AI that is inappropriate or inconsistent
                        Failure by the Group to:                                              with community and customer expectations, or the
                                                                                              overreliance on algorithmic outcomes without adequate
                        •   comply with the ESG-related requirements or standards,
                                                                                              human supervision.
                            including emerging ESG-related disclosure requirements
                            arising from the release of the International                 •   Making representations to customers about products or
                            Sustainability Standards Board’s sustainability and climate       services of the Group which are inaccurate, misleading,
                            disclosure standards, enacted through amendments                  or deceptive, including representations which may mislead



                        102   National Australia Bank
                        Risk factors (cont.)




                            customers on the extent to which the Group’s practices            The Group may be involved in a breach or alleged breach of
                            are environmentally friendly, sustainable, or ethical.            laws governing bribery, corruption, and financial crime.


                                                                                                                                                                         About
                        •   Being a party to fraud.                                           Supervision and regulation of financial crime and enforcement
                        •   Failure to identify and appropriately manage customer             of anti-bribery and corruption (ABC), and anti-money
                                                                                              laundering and counter-terrorism financing (AML/CTF) laws
                                                                                                                                                                      this report
                            communications, hardship cases and debt collection.
                                                                                              have increased in recent years.
                        •   Failure to protect customers from fraud or scams when
                            banking through digital channels or failure to respond            As a bank engaged in global finance and trade, the
                            adequately to customers impacted by external fraud                Group faces risks relating to compliance with AML/CTF, ABC
                            or scams.                                                         and financial sanctions laws across multiple jurisdictions.
                                                                                              Undetected failure of internal controls, or the ineffective
                        •   Failure to anticipate and prevent malicious third-party

                                                                                                                                                                      Our business
                                                                                              remediation of compliance issues could lead to breaches
                            actors from using product or service features in
                                                                                              of AML/CTF and/or ABC obligations or sanctions violations,
                            unintended ways that result in harm to the Group’s
                                                                                              resulting in potentially significant monetary and regulatory

                                                                                                                                                                         in 2024
                            customers (e.g., financial abuse or perpetrators of
                                                                                              penalties, which, in turn, may adversely impact the Group’s
                            domestic violence).
                                                                                              reputation, financial performance, and position.
                        •   Non-adherence to applicable requirements or providing
                                                                                              The risks of sanctions violations are increased in the context
                            financial advice which is not appropriate or in a
                                                                                              of additional, wide ranging economic sanctions and export
                            customer’s interests.
                                                                                              controls imposed as a result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict.




                                                                                                                                                                        Creating value
                        •   Delays in appropriately escalating regulatory and                 This includes rising expectations from regulators concerning




For personal use only
                            compliance issues.                                                export control due diligence by financial institutions, an
                        •   Failure to resolve issues and remediate customers                 unprecedented rate of new designations/listings by global
                            in a timely manner and in accordance with                         regulators, as well as the continued attempts by those
                            community expectations.                                           subject to sanctions to evade and circumvent their impact.
                        •   Failure to deliver on product and service commitments.            On 29 April 2022, the Company entered into an enforceable
                        •   Failure to remediate ineffective business processes and           undertaking (EU) with the Australian Transaction Reports and
                            stop re-occurrence of issues in a timely manner.                  Analysis Centre (AUSTRAC) to address AUSTRAC’s concerns
                                                                                              with the Group’s compliance with certain AML and CTF
                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate
                        •   Failure to act in accordance with the Group’s Code of
                                                                                              requirements. Under the terms of the EU, the Company and
                            Conduct or Financial Markets Conduct Policy.
                                                                                                                                                                     Governance
                                                                                              the relevant members of the Group are required to:
                        If the Group’s conduct-related controls were to fail
                                                                                              •   Complete a Remedial Action Plan (RAP) approved
                                                                                                                                                                      Statement
                        significantly, be designed inappropriately, or not meet legal or
                                                                                                  by AUSTRAC.
                        regulatory requirements or community expectations, then the
                        Group may be exposed to, among other things:                          •   Address, to AUSTRAC’s satisfaction, any deficiencies or
                                                                                                  concerns with activities in the RAP identified by AUSTRAC.
                        •   Increased costs of compliance, fines, additional
                            capital requirements, public censure, loss of customer            In May 2022, the Company appointed an external auditor (as


                                                                                                                                                                         Risk
                            confidence, class actions and other litigation, settlements,      required under the EU). The Company obtains interim reports
                            and restitution to customers or communities.                      from the external auditor on a quarterly basis and an annual
                                                                                              basis. The external auditor will provide a final report to the

                                                                                                                                                                      management
                        •   Increased supervision, oversight, or enforcement by
                                                                                              Company for the period up to 31 March 2025.
                            regulators or other stakeholders.
                                                                                              The Company has completed the delivery of its required
                        •   Unenforceability of terms which are deemed to be in
                                                                                              activities under the RAP (some of which are yet to be
                            contravention of Unfair Contract Terms legislation within
                                                                                              reviewed by the external auditor). The Company continues to
                            standard form contracts such as loans, guarantees, and
                                                                                              oversee the EU through dedicated EU Governance forums. The
                            other security documents, which could possibly result in
                                                                                              Group continues to investigate and remediate a number of

                                                                                                                                                                        Report of
                            civil and/or monetary penalties.
                                                                                              known AML/CTF compliance issues and weaknesses. As this
                        •   Enforced suspension of operations, amendments to                  work progresses, further compliance issues may be identified

                                                                                                                                                                      the Directors
                            licence conditions, or loss of licence to operate, all or part    and reported to AUSTRAC or equivalent foreign regulators,
                            of the Group’s businesses.                                        and additional enhancements of the Group’s systems and
                        •   Other enforcement or administrative action or agreements,         processes may be required.
                            including legal proceedings.                                      A negative outcome to any investigation or remediation
                        A failure of the Group’s conduct-related controls to                  process, or a failure to comply with the EU, may adversely




                                                                                                                                                                        Financial report
                        accurately reflect relevant legal, regulatory or community            impact the Group’s reputation, business operations, financial
                        expectations may adversely impact the Group’s reputation,             position, and results.
                        financial performance and position, profitability, operations         Refer to Note 31 Commitments and contingent liabilities
                        and returns to investors and can result in customer harm,             on page 243 in Notes to the financial statements ,
                        financial loss and detriment.                                         ‘Regulatory activity, compliance investigations and associated
                                                                                              proceedings – AML and CTF program uplift and compliance
                        Compliance risk
                                                                                              issues’ for more information .
                        Compliance risk is the risk of failing to understand and comply
                        with relevant laws, regulations, licence conditions, supervisory
                        requirements, self-regulatory industry codes of conduct and
                                                                                                                                                                       Additional
                        voluntary initiatives, as well as the internal policies, standards,
                        procedures, and frameworks that support fair and equitable

                                                                                                                                                                      information
                        treatment of customers.




                                                                                                                                         2024 Annual Report    103
                        Risk factors (cont.)




                        The Group may fail to comply with applicable laws                   remediation, and other contingent liabilities which may impact
                        and regulations which may expose the Group to                       the Group.
                        increased regulatory intervention, significant compliance
                        and remediation costs, and regulatory enforcement action            Extensive regulatory change poses a significant risk to
                        or litigation, including class actions.                             the Group.
                        The Group is highly regulated and subject to various regulatory     Globally, the financial services and banking industries are
                        regimes which differ across the jurisdictions in which it           subject to significant and increasing levels of regulatory
                        operates, trades, and raises funds.                                 change, reviews and political scrutiny, including in Australia,
                                                                                            NZ and other countries where the Group has, or may establish,
                        Ensuring compliance with all applicable laws is complex. There
                                                                                            offshore operations.
                        is a risk the Group will be unable to implement adequate
                        compliance arrangements including processes and controls            Regulatory change may result in significant capital and
                        required by relevant laws and regulations in a timely manner,       compliance costs, changes to the Group’s corporate
                        or that the Group’s compliance arrangements will prove to           structure, and increasing demands on management,
                        be inadequate or ineffective in ensuring compliance. There          employees and information technology systems. This may
                        is also a potential risk of misinterpreting new or existing         also impact the competitiveness of the Group in certain
                        regulations and, complying with detailed data requests from         areas of its business, the viability of the Group’s participation
                        various regulators, specifically in respect of data collected       in certain markets or require the divestment of a part of
                        from customers, which may be inaccurate or incomplete.              the Group’s business. The pace, volume, and complexity of
                                                                                            change may also expose the Group to the increased risk of
                        There is significant cost associated with the systems,




For personal use only
                                                                                            failure to adequately identify or comply with all applicable
                        processes, controls, and personnel required to comply with
                                                                                            regulatory changes. Changes to laws and regulations or
                        applicable laws and regulations. Such costs may negatively
                                                                                            their interpretation and application can be unpredictable,
                        impact the Group’s financial performance and position. Any
                                                                                            are beyond the Group’s control, and may not be harmonised
                        failure to comply with relevant laws and regulations may have
                                                                                            across the jurisdictions in which the Group operates.
                        a negative impact on the Group’s reputation and financial
                        performance and position and may give rise to class actions,        Operationalising large volumes of regulatory change presents
                        litigation, or regulatory enforcement, which may in turn result     ongoing risks for the Group. Extensive work is done to
                        in the imposition of civil or criminal penalties, or additional     assess proposed design solutions and to test the design
                        regulatory capital requirements, on the Group.                      effectiveness of controls for each regulatory change before
                                                                                            its effective date, however, the operating effectiveness of
                        Potential weaknesses in employment practices, including
                                                                                            some controls cannot be fully tested until the relevant
                        anti-discrimination, workplace health and safety and the
                                                                                            effective date has occurred. There are also inherent risks
                        “right to disconnect” are areas of increasing regulatory
                                                                                            associated with the dependency on third parties for the
                        scrutiny and reputational risk. In addition, there are also
                                                                                            effectiveness of some controls.
                        risks associated with the Group’s compliance with Australian
                        workplace laws and its obligations to employees under those         The Group is in the process of implementing key regulatory
                        laws and contractual agreements with its employees. Any             changes that have yet to take effect. These include
                        instances of non-compliance could result in remediation             Operational Risk Management (CPS 230 effective 1 July 2025),
                        costs, reputational damage, enforcement or other legal              Public Disclosure (APS 330 effective 1 January 2025), Interest
                        action (including potential federal criminal penalties for “wage    Rate Risk in the Banking Book (APS 117 effective 1 October
                        theft” introduced under the Fair Work Legislation Amendment         2025), Liquidity and Capital Requirements (APS 111 and 210
                        (Closing Loopholes) Act 2023 (Cth) from 1 January 2025)".           effective 1 July 2025) and the Australian Securities Exchange
                        Employment practices may become subject to heightened               CHESS replacement system expected to commence in 2026.
                        public scrutiny, either generally or following a specific adverse   The other notable change, effective progressively from 9 July
                        event, or because of activism by employees, unions, or special      2024, is Tranche one of the Treasury Laws Amendment
                        interest groups.                                                    (Delivering Better Financial Outcomes and Other Measures) Bill
                                                                                            2024 (Royal Assent received on 9 July 2024). These reforms
                        Entities within the Group have been, and may continue to
                                                                                            make changes to the provision of financial products and
                        be, involved from time to time in regulatory enforcement
                                                                                            services as well as supporting disclosure documentation.
                        and other legal proceedings arising from the conduct of
                                                                                            Tranche two of the reforms is expected to be developed in
                        their business. There is inherent uncertainty regarding the
                                                                                            the second half of 2024.
                        possible outcome of any legal or regulatory proceedings
                        involving the Group. It is also possible that further class         The Australian Government is progressing its Strategic Plan
                        actions, regulatory investigations, compliance reviews, civil       for the Payments System (including the decommissioning
                        or criminal proceedings, or the imposition of new licence           of the Bulk Electronic Clearing System by June 2030), as
                        conditions or regulatory capital requirements could arise in        well as its initial Data and Digital Government Strategy and
                        relation to known matters or other matters of which the Group       the 2023-2030 Australian Cyber Security Strategy (which
                        is not yet aware. The aggregate potential liability and costs       proposes to introduce Advanced Encryption Standards by
                        associated with legal proceedings cannot be estimated with          2025). The Group will be subject to significant regulatory and
                        any certainty.                                                      process changes as the Australian Government finalises and
                                                                                            implements its strategic policy priorities and digitalisation
                        A negative outcome to regulatory investigations or litigation
                                                                                            agenda in the period ahead.
                        involving the Group may impact the Group’s reputation, divert
                        management time from operations, and affect the Group’s             Ongoing and proposed regulatory changes, reviews and
                        financial performance and position, profitability, and returns      inquiries relevant to the Company relate to:
                        to investors. Refer to Note 31 Commitments and contingent           •   Prudential matters - including operational resilience, cyber
                        liabilities on pages 241 to 244 in Notes to the financial               security (CPS 234), market risk capital , liquidity, governance
                        statements for details in relation to certain current legal and         and the prudential treatment, licensing and custody of
                        regulatory proceedings, compliance reviews and associated               crypto assets.




                        104   National Australia Bank
                        Risk factors (cont.)




                        •   Conduct matters - including vulnerability (such as hardship,   •   The Financial Markets (Conduct of Institutions) Amendment
                            domestic violence, accessible and inclusive banking                Act 2022 (CoFI Act) will create an oversight and licensing
                            and regional branch closures), financial advice reforms,           regime for regulating conduct in the banking, non-bank
                            market abuse or conduct-related regulations, changes to            deposit taking and insurance sectors in NZ. The CoFI Act              About
                            financial benchmarks, derivatives reform (ASIC Derivative          is set to commence on 31 March 2025.
                            Transaction Rules (Reporting) 2024 taking effect from          •   Legislation remains before Parliament to enable ‘write             this report
                            October 2024), consumer credit, responsible lending and            access’ or ‘action initiation’ within the CDR regime which
                            disclosure laws; and                                               may present additional cyber and fraud risks in the CDR
                        •   A range of broader industry matters - including competition        ecosystem, if passed. Governance mechanisms including
                            inquiries, CDR reforms (expansion to non-bank lenders,             accountabilities, controls, and frameworks are still evolving
                            action initiation, and consent), payments, data quality,           and, under the Open Banking regime, customer data

                                                                                                                                                                  Our business
                            protection and privacy law reforms, financial crime                may be shared with, and received from, a broader
                            legislation (including de-banking), accounting, disclosure         range of stakeholders. Significant Group resources and

                                                                                                                                                                     in 2024
                            and reporting requirements (financial, sustainability and          management time have been, and will continue to be,
                            climate risk, reportable situations, complaints and                utilised to implement and progress Open Banking (including
                            remuneration), personal property securities framework              supporting the CDR to mature in the banking sector). There
                            reform, bankruptcy and personal and corporate insolvency,          are instances where the Group is not yet compliant with
                            human rights, modern slavery, tax reform, and reviewing the        CDR requirements and is working to rectify these issues.
                            clearing and settlements systems.                                  The ACCC is kept informed of progress and publishes




                                                                                                                                                                    Creating value




For personal use only
                        Ongoing and proposed regulatory changes, reviews and                   the status of these issues along with those of other
                        inquiries relevant to BNZ include:                                     financial institutions.

                        •   Prudential matters - modification of legislation applicable    •   The ACCC has completed its inquiry into the market for
                            to deposit takers in New Zealand;                                  the supply of retail deposit products. The inquiry looked
                                                                                               at matters including the interest rates paid by authorised
                        •   Industry matters - development of a CDR.                           deposit taking institutions for retail deposits, how the
                        Examples of regulatory change in other jurisdictions that              interest rates are set between retail deposit products
                        may directly or indirectly impact the Group’s Australian               and lending products (including home loans), decisions
                        operations include changes relating to the Group of 20                 made in light of changes to the RBA target cash rate,
                        regulation of over-the-counter derivative products, potential          the extent of competition in the market for retail deposit         Corporate
                        updates to the Foreign Exchange Global Code, United Kingdom            products and how deposit products are a source of funding         Governance
                        and European market abuse regulations, European Union                  for the supply of credit. The ACCC released its report on
                        directives relating to Corporate Sustainability Reporting and          15 December 2023. In June 2024, the Australian Government          Statement
                        Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence and the French Duty of          responded by announcing proposed changes to help
                        Vigilance legislation.                                                 Australians obtain information impacting existing mortgage
                        Current consumer-centric regulatory changes expected in                arrangements and interest rates on savings accounts.
                        2024 and/or 2025 include regulation for Buy Now Pay Later          •   In recent years the financial services industry has come

                                                                                                                                                                     Risk
                        products and the Mandatory Industry Code for scams. The                under increasing pressure from governments, regulators,
                        revised Banking Code of Practice will also come into effect            media and consumer groups to do more to protect


                                                                                                                                                                  management
                        on 28 February 2025. In September 2024, the NZ Government              customers from scams. The Australian Government has
                        released several policy decisions in connection with NZ's              advised that legislation and mandatory codes will be
                        consumer credit, responsible lending, Buy Now Pay Later, and           implemented and has released the consultation draft of
                        disclosure laws. Following further policy work, a bill to bring        the legislation which will establish a Scams Prevention
                        these decisions into effect is expected to be introduced to            Framework for entities designated by the Australian
                        NZ Parliament in December 2024. Regulatory priorities may also         Government. The legislation and mandatory codes will


                                                                                                                                                                    Report of
                        direct or influence the manner in which the Group is currently         establish obligations that the Group must comply with in
                        meeting its obligations to customers.                                  relation to governance, prevention, detection, response,
                                                                                               disruption and reporting of scams. The draft legislation

                                                                                                                                                                  the Directors
                        With increasing evidence of consumers experiencing financial
                        distress and difficulty due to cost-of-living pressures, ASIC          also establishes the framework for external dispute
                        expects lenders to work constructively with their customers            resolution of scam complaints which will include authority
                        to find a sustainable solution. ASIC released Report 782 in May        to make binding determinations of liability for scam
                        2024 after conducting an industry review on the approach to            losses against designated entities. Given the significant
                        financial hardship in home lending, in which the Company was           losses associated with scams and the potential penalties




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial report
                        a participant. The report found it was difficult for customers         available to regulators there may be a requirement for
                        experiencing hardship to access appropriate support from               additional expenditure by the Group to ensure compliance
                        lenders. ASIC initiated civil penalty proceedings against other        with the Scams Prevention Framework.
                        financial institutions in relation to failures to respond to       •   The Australian Attorney General’s Department introduced
                        financial hardship notices within the time required by law. In         a bill to amend the AML/CTF Act on 11 September 2024.
                        accordance with ASIC’s strategic priority to take action to            The proposed changes include regulation for additional
                        address poor product design and distribution, ASIC recently            entities within Australia, some of whom will be customers of
                        initiated and was successful in civil penalty proceedings              the Company. Consultation on the accompanying AML/CTF
                        against distributors and issuers of financial products for             rules will likely commence in the coming months. Until the

                                                                                                                                                                   Additional
                        failing to meet their design and distribution obligations and          proposed reforms are finalised, the impact of the revised
                        also issued stop orders restricting other products from sale.          legislation is uncertain.


                                                                                                                                                                  information
                        Examples of other specific reviews and regulatory reforms          •   New Base Erosion and Profit Shifting rules (Pillar Two
                        currently relevant to the Group, and which present a potential         model rules) have been released by The Organisation
                        material regulatory risk include those set out below.                  for Economic Co-operation and Development that are
                                                                                               designed to ensure that multinational enterprises pay a


                                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report   105
                        Risk factors (cont.)




                            minimum tax of 15% on income arising in each jurisdiction.       assets, liabilities, income, expenses and the disclosure of
                            The rules will come into effect for the Company globally         contingent liabilities. A higher degree of judgement is required
                            commencing 2025. The rules are complex and will require          for the recognition and estimates used in the measurement
                            global implementation resulting in increased compliance          of provisions (including for customer-related remediation and
                            costs. Substantial changes will be required to existing tax      other regulatory matters), the determination of income tax,
                            operations with a focus on an increase in global data            the valuation of financial assets and liabilities (including fair
                            analytics capabilities.                                          value and credit impairment of loans and advances), and
                        •   Regulation to increase diversity and inclusion in the            the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets arising from
                            financial services industry, led by the UK Financial Conduct     business acquisitions.
                            Authority (FCA) and Prudential Regulation Authority.             If the judgements, estimates, and assumptions used by the
                        •   Proposed ESG-related regulatory regimes, including               Group in preparing the financial statements are subsequently
                            increasing obligations relating to modern slavery, human         found to be incorrect, there could be a significant loss
                            rights, sustainable finance, climate, and other sustainability   to the Group beyond that anticipated or provided for,
                            risk-related prudential guidance, and regulatory and             which may adversely impact the Group’s reputation, financial
                            disclosure requirements. These include:                          performance, and financial position.
                            – The climate-related disclosures regime under the
                                Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 in NZ, which
                                requires mandatory climate-related reporting and
                                similar requirements under (i) the Corporations Act 2001




For personal use only
                                (Cth) and the Australian Accounting Standards Board
                                (AASB) Standards in Australia which are set to be applied
                                from 1 January 2025, and (ii) the Corporate Sustainability
                                Reporting Directive in the European Union. The potential
                                for divergence in sustainability and climate-related
                                disclosure requirements across jurisdictions as they
                                nationalise international reporting standards may lead
                                to complexity and give rise to risks associated with
                                meeting compliance requirements. The emerging
                                nature of these requirements, and the lack of robust
                                and mature data, particularly in areas like nature and
                                modern slavery-related disclosures, may also contribute
                                to disclosure risks.
                            – Regulatory guidance on green and sustainable product
                              labelling and greenwashing published by the ACCC and
                              ASIC in Australia, the FCA in the United Kingdom and
                              similar regulators in other jurisdictions.
                            – Guidelines and regulations related to managing various
                              human rights obligations like discrimination, diversity,
                              equity, inclusion, and modern slavery. For example,
                              guidance provided by the Australian Human Rights
                              Commission on how companies can meet the positive
                              duty to eliminate sex discrimination in the workplace.
                            – The final recommendations and guidance published by
                              the Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures
                              in 2023.
                            – Expansion of modern slavery and sustainability due
                              diligence requirements in Australia, the European Union
                              and other jurisdictions.
                        The full scope, timeline and impact of current and potential
                        inquiries and regulatory reforms such as those mentioned
                        above, or how they will be implemented (if at all in some
                        cases), is not known.
                        Depending on the specific nature of the regulatory change
                        requirements and how and when they are implemented or
                        enforced, they may have an adverse impact on the Group’s
                        business, operations, structure, compliance costs or capital
                        requirements, and ultimately its competitiveness, reputation,
                        financial performance, or financial position.

                        The Group may be exposed to losses if critical accounting
                        judgements and estimates are subsequently found to
                        be incorrect.
                        Preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires
                        management to make estimates and assumptions and to
                        exercise judgement in applying relevant accounting policies,
                        each of which may directly impact the reported amounts of


                        106   National Australia Bank
                                                                              About

                                                                           this report




                                                                           Our business

                                                                              in 2024
         Report
         of the
                                                                             Creating value




For personal use only
         Directors
                                                                           Corporate
                                                                          Governance
                                                                           Statement




                                                                              Risk


                  The directors of National Australia Bank Limited         management
                  (NAB or the Company) present their report, together
                  with the financial report of the Group, being NAB and
                  its controlled entities, for the year ended 30
                                                                             Report of
                  September 2024. The following information forms
                  part of the Report of the Directors:
                  • Our business (page 10 to 11)                           the Directors
                  • Operating environment (pages 16 to 17)
                  • Information on directors, company secretaries,



                                                                             Financial report
                    and board meetings (pages 69 to 73 and 78)
                  • Risk factors (pages 93 to 106)
                  • Climate change and environment (pages 38 to 45)




                                                                            Additional

                                                                           information
                        Operating and financial review
                        Principal activities                                                Environmental, Social and
                        The principal activities of the Group during the year were          Governance disclosure
                        banking services, credit and access card facilities, leasing,
                        housing and general finance, international, investment and          Environmental regulation and climate-related disclosures
                        private banking and wealth management services, funds               The Group’s operations are not subject to any site-specific
                        management and custodian, trustee and nominee services.             environmental licences or permits which would be considered
                        For further details on Our business refer to page 10.               particular or significant under the laws of the Commonwealth
                                                                                            of Australia or of an Australian state or territory.
                        Significant change in the state of affairs                          As a lender, the Group may incur environmental liabilities in
                        •   On 7 February 2024, NAB announced the appointment               circumstances where it takes possession of a borrower’s
                            of Andrew Irvine as Group Chief Executive Officer and           assets and those assets have associated environmental risks.
                            Managing Director. Mr Irvine, formerly NAB's Group Executive    The Group has developed and implemented credit policies
                            Business and Private Banking, succeeded Ross McEwan             that aim to ensure that these risks are minimised and
                            CBE effective 2 April 2024 following the retirement of Mr       managed appropriately.
                            McEwan from executive roles after a distinguished career        The Group’s operations are subject to the National
                            in financial services.                                          Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007 (Cth) (NGER Act)
                        •   Changes to the composition of the Executive Leadership          in Australia. While this legislation is not particular to the
                            Team have occurred or were announced during 2024 and up         Group or significant in its impact, the Group complied with its




For personal use only
                            until the date of this report, namely:                          requirements. The NGER Act requires the Group to report on
                            – Rachel Slade was appointed Group Executive Business           the period from 1 July to 30 June (the environmental reporting
                               and Private Banking, effective 29 April 2024. Ms Slade was   year), therefore, all of the Group's energy and GHG emissions
                               formerly Group Executive Personal Banking.                   reporting is aligned to this reporting period. Further details on
                                                                                            the Group’s GHG reporting subject to the NGER Act is provided
                            – Ana Marinkovic was appointed Group Executive Personal
                                                                                            in the Climate change and environment section of this Report
                              Banking, effective 29 April 2024. Ms Marinkovic was
                                                                                            on pages 38 to 45.
                              formerly Executive Business Direct and Small Business in
                              Business and Private Banking.                                 The Group’s United Kingdom-based operations are subject to
                                                                                            the Energy Savings Opportunities Scheme (ESOS), introduced
                            – Cathryn Carver was appointed Group Executive
                                                                                            by the United Kingdom ESOS Regulations 2014 which came
                              Corporate and Institutional Banking, effective 1 July
                                                                                            into force in July 2014. The ESOS requires mandatory energy
                              2024, replacing David Gall who left NAB on 1 October
                                                                                            assessments (audits) of an organisation's buildings and
                              2024 after 16 years with NAB including 10 years as an
                                                                                            transport to be conducted every four years. The Group fulfilled
                              Executive Leadership Team member. Ms Carver was
                                                                                            its most recent ESOS obligation in June 2024. Additional ESOS
                              formerly Executive Client Coverage in Corporate and
                                                                                            obligations were introduced in 2024 requiring NAB to submit an
                              Institutional Banking.
                                                                                            ESOS action plan for its London Branch by 5 December 2024
                            – No other changes to the composition of the Executive          and to report to the UK Environment Agency against that plan
                              Leadership Team occurred during 2024 and up until the         annually. The plan is required to outline the Group’s strategy
                              date of this report.                                          for improving energy efficiency over the compliance period,
                        •   On 13 March 2024 APRA announced the removal of the              which runs until 5 December 2027.
                            $500 million Operational Risk capital add-on which was          The Group is voluntarily reporting data required for the
                            applied in 2019 in response to NAB’s 2018 self-assessment       Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR) requirements
                            into governance, accountability and culture. The removal        which are implemented through the Companies (Directors’
                            of this requirement follows NAB’s completion of its             Report) and Limited Liability Partnerships (Energy and Carbon
                            Governance & Risk Transformation program, which was             Report) Regulations 2018 (United Kingdom) as part of the
                            established to address the 26 recommendations identified        legislative response to climate change in the United Kingdom.
                            in NAB's 2018 self assessment.                                  This information is provided in NAB's 2024 Climate Report.
                        •   On 30 April 2024, NAB completed the sale of its New Zealand     Further details of the Group’s environmental performance
                            wealth management businesses to newly established               are provided in the Creating value section of our 2024
                            entity FirstCape Group Limited (FirstCape) in which NAB,        Annual Report, more specifically, a summary of the Group’s
                            Jarden Wealth and Pacific Equity Partners (PEP) are the         approach to climate change governance, strategy, risk
                            shareholders. The transaction brought together NAB’s            management and metrics and targets consistent with the
                            JBWere New Zealand and BNZ Investment Services Limited          recommendations of the TCFD is provided on pages 38 to 45
                            businesses, together with Jarden Wealth and Harbour             in the Climate change and environment section.
                            Asset Management to create a leading advice and asset
                            management business for clients in New Zealand.                 Further detailed information on the Group’s approach
                                                                                            to climate change is provided in NAB's 2024 Climate
                        •   On 2 May 2024, the Group announced it had increased
                                                                                            Report, which is aligned to the TCFD requirements, and
                            its on-market buy-back of ordinary shares by $1.5 billion,
                                                                                            includes methodological information related to the Group's
                            resulting in a total combined size of up to $3 billion. NAB
                                                                                            GHG-related reporting, which was previously published in
                            has bought back and cancelled $2.1 billion of ordinary
                                                                                            separate documents.
                            shares in the September 2024 financial year including
                            $1.1 billion (0.25% of CET1 capital) in the half year ended     NAB's 2024 Climate Report is available as part of the
                            September 2024.                                                 Group’s annual reporting suite at nab.com.au/annualreports. A
                                                                                            detailed breakdown of the Group’s Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions
                        •   There were no other significant changes in the state of
                                                                                            is provided in the 2024 Sustainability Data pack.
                            affairs of the Group that occurred during the financial
                            year under review that are not otherwise disclosed in
                            this report.



                        108   National Australia Bank
                        Operating and financial review (cont.)




                        Modern slavery                                                    Further detail in relation to these financial measures is set out
                        The Group is subject to modern slavery legislation in Australia   below and in the Glossary.


                                                                                                                                                                    About
                        and the United Kingdom. The Group has prepared a Modern
                                                                                          Information about cash earnings
                        Slavery Act statement which sets out actions taken by the
                        Group during 2024 to ensure that its business operations, and     Cash earnings is a non-IFRS key financial performance
                        its supply chain, are free from slavery and human trafficking.    measure used by the Group and the investment community.                this report
                        This statement is made available online at nab.com.au/            The Group also uses cash earnings for its internal
                        modernslaverystatement in accordance with both the UK             management reporting as it better reflects what is considered
                        Modern Slavery Act and the Modern Slavery Act 2018 (Cth).         to be the underlying performance of the Group. Cash earnings
                                                                                          is calculated by adjusting statutory net profit from continuing
                        Litigation and disputes
                                                                                                                                                                 Our business
                                                                                          operations for certain non-cash earnings items. Non-cash
                        From time to time entities within the Group may be involved       earnings items are those items which are considered
                        in disputes or legal proceedings arising from the conduct         separately when assessing performance and analysing the

                                                                                                                                                                    in 2024
                        of their business. The outcomes and total costs associated        underlying trends in the business. These include items such as
                        with such ongoing disputes and proceedings are typically          hedging and fair value volatility, the amortisation of acquired
                        uncertain. Any material legal proceedings may adversely           intangible assets and gains or losses and certain other items
                        impact the Group's reputation and financial performance           associated with the acquisition, integration, disposal and
                        and position.                                                     closure of Group businesses.




                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value
                        Refer to Note 31 Commitments and contingent liabilities of the    Cash earnings does not purport to represent the cash flows,




For personal use only
                        notes to the financial statements for details of the Group's      funding or liquidity position of the Group, nor any amount
                        material legal proceedings and contingent liabilities.            represented on a statement of cash flows. It is not a statutory
                                                                                          financial measure and is not presented in accordance
                        Financial performance summary                                     with Australian Accounting Standards and is not audited or
                        The following financial discussion and analysis is based on       reviewed in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.
                        statutory information unless otherwise stated. The statutory      Cash earnings for the year ended 30 September 2024 has been
                        information is presented in accordance with the Corporations      adjusted for the following:
                        Act 2001 (Cth) and Australian Accounting Standards and is         •   Hedging and fair value volatility
                        audited by the Group's auditors in accordance with Australian
                                                                                          •   Amortisation of acquired intangible assets                         Corporate
                        Auditing Standards.
                                                                                          •   Acquisitions, integration, disposals and business closures.       Governance
                                                                                                                                                                 Statement
                        Non-IFRS key financial performance measures used by
                        the Group                                                         Information about net interest margin
                        Certain financial measures detailed in the Report of              Net interest margin is a non-IFRS key financial performance
                        the Directors are not accounting measures within the              measure that is calculated as cash net interest income
                        scope of International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).      (Cash NII) expressed as a percentage of average interest


                                                                                                                                                                    Risk
                        Management use these financial metrics to evaluate the            earning assets.
                        Group’s overall financial performance and position and believe
                        the presentation of these financial measures provide useful       Information about average balances

                                                                                                                                                                 management
                        information to analysts and investors regarding the results       Average balances, including total average equity (attributable
                        of the Group's operations. These financial performance            to owners of the Company), total average assets and
                        measures include:                                                 average interest earning assets are based on daily statutory
                        •   cash earnings                                                 average balances.

                        •   statutory return on equity                                    This methodology produces numbers that more accurately
                                                                                          reflect seasonality, timing of accruals and restructures

                                                                                                                                                                   Report of
                        •   cash return on equity
                                                                                          (including discontinued operations), which would otherwise
                        •   net interest margin                                           not be reflected in a simple average.


                                                                                                                                                                 the Directors
                        •   total average equity (attributable to owners of
                            the Company)                                                  Rounding of amounts
                        •   average interest earning assets                               In accordance with ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial /
                                                                                          Directors' Reports) Instrument 2016/191, all amounts have
                        •   total average assets.
                                                                                          been rounded to the nearest million dollars, except where
                        The Group regularly reviews the non-IFRS measures included        indicated. Any discrepancies between total and sums of




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
                        in the Report of the Directors to ensure that only relevant       components in tables contained in this report are due
                        financial measures are incorporated. Certain other financial      to rounding.
                        performance measures detailed in the Report of the Directors
                        are derived from IFRS measures and are similarly used by
                        analysts and investors to assess the Group’s performance.
                        These measures are defined in the Glossary.
                        Any non-IFRS measures included in this document are not a
                        substitute for IFRS measures and readers should consider the
                        IFRS measures as well. The non-IFRS measures referred to

                                                                                                                                                                  Additional
                        above have not been presented in accordance with Australian
                        Accounting Standards, nor audited or reviewed in accordance

                                                                                                                                                                 information
                        with Australian Auditing Standards unless they are included in
                        the financial statements.




                                                                                                                                     2024 Annual Report   109
                        Operating and financial review (cont.)




                        5 Year Financial Performance Summary
                                                                                                                                                      Group
                                                                                                                            2024           2023            2022           2021            2020
                                                                                                                              $m              $m             $m              $m             $m
                         Net interest income                                                                              16,757          16,807         14,840          13,793         13,877
                         Other income                                                                                      3,889           3,841           3,730          2,936           3,259
                         Operating expenses                                                                              (10,026)         (9,382)         (8,702)        (7,863)         (9,221)
                         Credit Impairment (charge) / write-back                                                            (741)           (816)           (124)           202          (2,752)
                         Profit before income tax                                                                          9,879          10,450           9,744          9,068           5,163
                         Income tax expense                                                                               (2,798)         (2,980)         (2,684)        (2,597)         (1,665)
                         Net profit for the year from continuing operations                                                7,081           7,470           7,060          6,471           3,498
                         Net loss after tax for the year from discontinued operations                                       (103)             (51)          (169)          (104)           (935)
                         Net profit for the year                                                                           6,978           7,419           6,891          6,367           2,563
                         Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                      18               5               -              3              4
                         Net profit attributable to owners of the Company                                                  6,960           7,414           6,891          6,364           2,559




For personal use only
                        5 Year Key Performance Indicators
                                                                                                                                                      Group
                                                                                                                            2024           2023            2022           2021            2020
                         Key indicators
                         Statutory earnings per share (cents) - basic                                                      224.6           236.4           214.1          193.0            82.1
                         Statutory earnings per share (cents) - diluted                                                    222.7           228.7           205.6          185.2            80.5
                         Statutory return on equity                                                                        11.4%           12.3%           11.3%          10.4%            4.4%
                         Cash return on equity(1)                                                                          11.6%           12.9%           11.7%          10.7%            6.5%
                         Profitability, performance and efficiency measures
                         Dividend per share (cents)                                                                          169             167             151            127              60
                         Net interest margin                                                                               1.71%           1.74%           1.65%          1.71%           1.77%
                         Level 2 Group capital
                         Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio                                                        12.35%          12.22%         11.51%          13.00%         11.47%
                         Tier 1 capital ratio                                                                             14.67%          14.19%         13.14%          14.64%         13.20%
                         Total capital ratio                                                                              20.92%          19.88%         18.17%          18.91%         16.62%
                         Risk-weighted assets ($bn)                                                                        413.9           435.0           449.9          417.2           425.1
                         Volumes ($bn)
                         Gross loans and acceptances (GLAs)(2)                                                             738.2           708.5           687.7          629.1           594.1
                         Average interest earning assets                                                                   978.7           966.7           900.3          805.0           781.7
                         Total average assets                                                                            1,074.7         1,065.1           991.5          889.6           877.0
                         Total customer deposits                                                                           612.8           587.4           566.7          500.3           468.2
                         Total average equity (attributable to owners of the Company)(3)                                     61.0            60.1           60.8            61.2           56.7
                         Asset quality
                         Gross impaired assets to GLAs                                                                     0.20%           0.18%           0.15%          0.20%           0.31%
                         Default but not impaired assets to GLAs(4)                                                        1.19%           0.95%           0.80%          0.95%           0.72%
                         Full-time equivalent employees (FTE)(5)
                         FTE (spot)                                                                                       39,240          38,516         35,558          33,275         34,944
                         FTE (average)                                                                                    38,864          37,290         34,022          34,217         34,841
                         (1) Full detail on how cash earnings is defined, a discussion of non-cash earnings items and a full reconciliation of statutory net profit attributable to owners of the
                             Company is set out in Note 2 Segment information of the Financial Report on page 178. Statutory return on equity and statutory earnings per share (EPS) are presented
                             on page 110.
                         (2) Including loans and advances at fair value.
                         (3) Average equity on a cash and statutory basis are equal.
                         (4) "Default but not impaired assets to GLAs" for the year ended 30 September 2020 have not been restated to align to APS 220 Credit Risk Management and only represent
                             "90+ days past due but not impaired assets to GLAs".
                         (5) Excluding discontinued operations, FTE (spot) is 38,996 (2023: 38,128) and FTE (average) is 38,525 (2023: 36,895).




                        110   National Australia Bank
                        Operating and financial review (cont.)




                        Financial performance


                                                                                                                                                                                                       About
                                                                                                                                                                     Group
                                                                                                                                                                 2024                  2023

                                                                                                                                                                                                    this report
                                                                                                                                                                   $m                    $m
                         Net interest income                                                                                                                   16,757                 16,807
                         Other income                                                                                                                           3,889                  3,841
                         Net operating income                                                                                                                  20,646                 20,648
                         Operating expenses                                                                                                                   (10,026)                (9,382)


                                                                                                                                                                                                    Our business
                         Credit Impairment charge                                                                                                                (741)                  (816)
                         Profit before income tax                                                                                                               9,879                 10,450


                                                                                                                                                                                                       in 2024
                         Income tax expense                                                                                                                    (2,798)                (2,980)
                         Net profit for the year from continuing operations                                                                                     7,081                  7,470
                         Net loss after tax for the year from discontinued operations                                                                            (103)                   (51)
                         Net profit for the year                                                                                                                6,978                  7,419
                         Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                           18                      5




                                                                                                                                                                                                      Creating value




For personal use only
                         Net profit attributable to owners of the Company                                                                                       6,960                  7,414


                        September 2024 v September 2023                                                       Income tax expense decreased by $182 million or 6.1% largely
                        Net profit attributable to owners of the Company (statutory                           due to a lower profit before tax.
                        net profit) decreased by $454 million or 6.1%.                                        Discontinued operations are excluded from the individual
                        Net interest income decreased by $50 million or 0.3%. This                            account lines of the Group's results and are reported
                        includes an increase of $108 million due to movements in                              as a single net loss after tax line item. The results of
                        economic hedges, offset in other operating income. Excluding                          discontinued operations primarily relate to charges for MLC

                                                                                                                                                                                                    Corporate
                        this movement, the underlying decrease of $158 million or                             Wealth customer-related remediation, combined with costs
                        0.9% was primarily due to lower housing lending margins,                              associated with managing the run-off of the MLC Wealth
                        higher term deposit costs and deposit mix impacts combined                            retained entities.                                                                   Governance
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Statement
                        with higher wholesale funding costs. These movements were
                        partially offset by higher earnings on deposits and capital due                       Review of group and divisional results
                        to the impact of higher interest rates and higher average
                                                                                                              September 2024 v September 2023
                        interest earning assets.
                        Other income increased by $48 million or 1.2%. This includes                          Group


                                                                                                                                                                                                       Risk
                        a decrease of $108 million due to movements in economic                               Net profit decreased by $454 million or 6.1%.
                        hedges, offset in net interest income. Excluding this
                        movement, the underlying increase of $156 million or 4.1%                             Business and Private Banking(1)(2)

                                                                                                                                                                                                    management
                        was primarily due to a one-off gain on the disposal of                                Net profit decreased by $10 million or 0.3%, driven by an
                        the New Zealand wealth businesses combined with higher                                increase in operating expenses, partially offset by higher
                        fee income in business lending, cards and capital markets.                            revenue and lower credit impairment charges.
                        These were partially offset by lower Markets and Treasury
                        income combined with the winding down of the asset                                    Personal Banking(1)
                        servicing business.

                                                                                                                                                                                                      Report of
                                                                                                              Net profit decreased by $276 million or 19.2%, driven by lower
                        Operating expenses increased by $644 million or 6.9%. This                            revenue and an increase in operating expenses.
                        was primarily driven by higher personnel expenses due to an

                                                                                                                                                                                                    the Directors
                        increase in average FTE and salary and related costs, together                        Corporate and Institutional Banking(3)
                        with continued investment in technology and compliance                                Net profit increased by $29 million or 1.7%, driven by higher
                        capabilities including fraud and cyber security and increased                         revenue, combined with lower credit impairment charges,
                        spend associated with the acquisition, integration and closure                        partially offset by higher income tax expenses due to the
                        of Group businesses. This was partially offset by productivity                        repeal of the offshore banking unit tax concession resulting
                        benefits achieved through continued process improvements




                                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial report
                                                                                                              in changes to the effective tax rate.
                        and simplification of the Group’s operations, as well as the
                        non-recurrence of the one-off levy for Compensation Scheme                            New Zealand Banking(3)
                        of Last Resort (CSLR) that was recognised in September 2023.                          Net profit decreased by $15 million or 1.1%, driven by full
                        Credit impairment charge decreased by $75 million driven by a                         year impact of dividends to non-controlling interests along
                        lower level of collective credit impairment charges including a                       with higher operating expenses and lower revenue. This was
                        reduction in forward looking provisions in the current period.                        partially offset by lower credit impairment charges.
                        This was partially offset by a higher level of individually
                        assessed credit impairment charges.


                         (1) During the year ended 30 September 2024, some customer lending and deposit portfolios were transferred between Personal Banking and Business and Private Banking.       Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                    information
                             Comparative information has been restated accordingly.
                         (2) During the year ended 30 September 2024, refinements to the allocation of certain support unit costs has resulted in some costs previously recognised in Corporate
                             Functions and Other being allocated to Business and Private Banking. Comparative information has been restated accordingly.
                         (3) From 1 October 2023, BNZ's Markets Trading operations and enabling units are reported within New Zealand Banking. Previously BNZ’s Markets Trading operations were
                             reported in Corporate and Institutional Banking and the enabling units within Corporate Functions and Other. Comparative information has been restated accordingly.


                                                                                                                                                                    2024 Annual Report      111
                        Operating and financial review (cont.)




                        Corporate Functions and Other(1)                                                          •   Debt instruments decreased by $4,358 million or 9.4%
                        Net loss increased by $182 million or 45.3%, driven by higher                                 primarily due to the reduction in corporate and
                        operating expenses, lower net operating income and lower                                      other bonds, partially offset by an increase in semi-
                        credit impairment write-backs. This was partially off set                                     government bonds.
                        by a one-off gain on the disposal of the New Zealand                                      •   Other financial assets decreased by $661 million or 46.2%
                        wealth businesses.                                                                            primarily due to certain loans now presented within loans
                                                                                                                      and advances.
                        Group balance sheet review                                                                •   Loans and advances increased by $29,990 million or 4.3%
                                                                                                                      due to growth in both non-housing and housing lending.
                                                                                        Group
                                                                                   2024             2023          Liabilities
                                                                                     $m               $m          Total liabilities increased by $20,455 million or 2.1%. The key
                            Assets
                                                                                                                  movements are as follows:

                            Cash and liquid assets                                 2,499          24,699          •   Due to other banks decreased by $27,188 million or 68.8%
                                                                                                                      primarily due to the commencement of measuring certain
                            Due from other banks                                110,438          117,306
                                                                                                                      repurchase agreements at fair value through profit or loss
                            Collateral placed                                      9,633          11,286              during the prior financial year, with new transactions now
                            Trading assets                                      133,606          101,168              presented within other financial liabilities, and repayment
                                                                                                                      of TFF owing to the RBA.




For personal use only
                            Derivative assets                                    28,766           34,269
                            Debt instruments                                     41,999           46,357          •   Collateral received decreased by $5,521 million or 51.7% due
                            Other financial assets                                   769            1,430             to a decrease in derivative assets.
                            Loans and advances                                  732,692          702,702          •   Other financial liabilities increased by $3,920 million or
                                                                                                                      5.9% due to an increase in repurchase agreements at
                            All other assets                                     19,846           19,866
                                                                                                                      fair value through profit or loss, partially offset by a
                            Total assets                                      1,080,248        1,059,083              reduction in bonds, notes and subordinated debt and short
                            Liabilities                                                                               sold securities.
                            Due to other banks                                   12,328           39,516          •   Deposits and other borrowings increased by $30,446 million
                            Collateral received                                    5,151          10,672              or 4.5% due to growth in customer deposits and
                            Other financial liabilities                          70,272           66,352              other borrowings, partially offset by a decrease in
                                                                                                                      repurchase agreements.
                            Deposits and other borrowings                       712,566          682,120
                                                                                                                  •   Derivative liabilities decreased by $3,057 million or 8.6%
                            Derivative liabilities                               32,576           35,633
                                                                                                                      primarily driven by foreign exchange and interest rate
                            Bonds, notes and subordinated debt                  156,294          135,645
                                                                                                                      movements and contract maturities during the period.
                            Debt issues                                            9,560            8,561
                                                                                                                  •   Bonds, notes and subordinated debt increased by
                            All other liabilities                                19,288           19,081              $20,649 million or 15.2% driven by net new issuances in line
                            Total liabilities                                 1,018,035          997,580              with the Group's funding requirements and hedging impacts
                            Total equity                                         62,213           61,503              driven by movement in interest rates.
                            Total liabilities and equity                      1,080,248        1,059,083          •   Debt issues increased by $999 million or 11.7% primarily due
                                                                                                                      to new issuance.
                        September 2024 v September 2023
                                                                                                                  Equity
                        Assets                                                                                    Total equity increased by $710 million or 1.2%. The key
                        Total assets increased by $21,165 million or 2.0%. The key                                movements are as follows:
                        movements are as follows:                                                                 •   Contributed equity decreased by $1,965 million or 5.1%
                        •    Cash and liquid assets decreased by $22,200 million or 89.9%                             predominantly due to share buy-backs during the period.
                             primarily due to the commencement of measuring certain                               •   Reserves increased by $830 million predominantly due to
                             reverse repurchase agreements at fair value through profit                               movements in the cash flow hedge reserve.
                             or loss during the prior financial year, with new transactions                       •   Retained profits increased by $1,436 million or 6.0%
                             now presented within trading assets.                                                     reflecting current period statutory profits, partially offset
                        •    Due from other banks decreased by $6,868 million or 5.9%                                 by dividends paid.
                             due to a decrease in deposits with central and other banks.                          •   Non-controlling interests increased by $409 million
                        •    Collateral placed decreased by $1,653 million or 14.6% as a                              reflecting the issue of BNZ perpetual preference shares.
                             result of a decrease in derivative liabilities.
                        •    Trading assets increased by $32,438 million or 32.1%
                             predominantly driven by the commencement of measuring
                             certain reverse repurchase agreements at fair value
                             through profit or loss during the prior financial year as well
                             as volume growth.
                        •    Derivative assets decreased by $5,503 million or 16.1% driven
                             by foreign exchange rate and interest rate movements,
                             trading volumes of foreign exchange forward contracts
                             and contract maturities during the period.
                            (1) During the year ended 30 September 2024, refinements to the allocation of certain support unit costs has resulted in some costs previously recognised in Corporate
                                Functions and Other being allocated to Business and Private Banking. Comparative information has been restated accordingly.


                        112     National Australia Bank
                        Operating and financial review (cont.)




                        Strategic highlights(1)                                                                lending and ubank through better, more targeted customer
                                                                                                               propositions. Since finalising the acquisition of the Citi
                        The Group's strategy, in place since April 2020, has served it
                                                                                                               consumer business in July 2022, the Group's credit card market
                                                                                                                                                                                                        About
                        well. Despite significant shifts in the operating environment
                                                                                                               share has increased including over the year to September
                        over this period, the Group has maintained a clear focus on
                                                                                                               2024 and it has focused on building a new unsecured lending
                                                                                                                                                                                                     this report
                        delivering better experiences for customers and colleagues,
                                                                                                               platform. ubank's digital banking offer has delivered continued
                        with a firm belief that this will drive sustainable earnings
                                                                                                               strong customer acquisition since 2020 weighted towards its
                        growth and improved returns. This has been supported
                                                                                                               target segment of 18 to 35 year-olds, including 15% growth in
                        by disciplined execution, persistent investment, increasingly
                                                                                                               customers in 2024.
                        resilient technology and strong balance sheet settings.
                                                                                                               Corporate and Institutional Banking has maintained its
                        Execution of the Group's strategy over the past four and a half
                                                                                                               returns-focused strategy. A disciplined approach to growth
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Our business
                        years has delivered good growth and attractive returns.
                                                                                                               and strong customer advocacy, combined with a focus on
                        In Business and Private Banking (B&PB), where the Group                                simplification and leveraging transactional banking capability

                                                                                                                                                                                                        in 2024
                        has the leading SME business lending market share, a                                   has supported an increase in C&IB's return on equity over
                        relationship-led approach increasingly enabled by digital, data                        the four years to 2024 including improved returns in 2024
                        and analytics has helped drive growth across the division.                             compared with 2023.
                        Since 2020 B&PB business lending balances have grown 42%
                                                                                                               New Zealand Banking (NZB) has made good progress against
                        including 8% growth over 2024, benefiting from additional
                                                                                                               its strategic priorities of becoming a simpler, more digital
                        customer facing roles and more seamless and digital loan




                                                                                                                                                                                                       Creating value
                                                                                                               bank and tilting to less capital intensive personal and SME




For personal use only
                        origination. Heightened focus and increasing simplification
                                                                                                               customer segments. This includes increased market share
                        and digitisation of the account opening process, along with
                                                                                                               in underweight segments of household deposits and home
                        product innovation in new target segments is supporting good
                                                                                                               lending, and a 48% reduction in the number of banking
                        growth in SME deposits. New business transaction account
                                                                                                               products since 2020. This has supported returns over a period
                        openings in 2024 are 53% higher than in 2020, including a 2%
                                                                                                               of challenging economic conditions and rising regulatory
                        increase over the September 2024 financial year. Delivering
                                                                                                               capital requirements. Cash earnings(5) as a percentage of RWA
                        better payment experiences has also been a key priority and
                                                                                                               have increased since 2020 (including a slight decrease over
                        since 2020 the Group has rolled out nextgen terminals for
                                                                                                               2024 compared with 2023) while NZB's common equity tier one
                        healthcare providers and SMEs, made healthcare claims and
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate
                                                                                                               ratio increased from 11.9% in 2020 to 13.9% in 2024.
                        invoicing far more seamless and digital, launched innovative
                        payment solutions such as NAB Easy Tap and NAB Portal Pay,                             Having a strong customer franchise and engaged colleagues
                        and refreshed NAB Gateway to provide SMEs with a simpler,                              are key to the Group's ability to grow sustainably and has been                      Governance
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Statement
                        more secure way to accept customer payments online.                                    supported by a consistent focus on improving customer and
                                                                                                               colleague experiences. The Group's colleague engagement
                        In Personal Banking, the Group's focus over the past four
                                                                                                               has improved since 2020 with the most recent score of 78 at
                        and a half years has been on providing simpler, more digital
                                                                                                               July 2024 up 2 points since July 2020 and in line with July 2023.
                        banking experiences. The proportion of simple everyday
                                                                                                               Consistent with the Group's ambition, the latest score is one
                        banking products opened digitally increased to 72% in 2024
                                                                                                               point higher than the top quartile benchmark(6).

                                                                                                                                                                                                        Risk
                        from 62% in 2020 and are broadly stable compared with
                        2023. Australian home lending remains a core market, and                               Customer outcomes have been more mixed. While strategic
                        the Group has been investing to deliver more efficient and                             NPS(7) scores have lifted across all segments since 2020, the

                                                                                                                                                                                                     management
                        better customer experiences including further progressing                              Group has not achieved its ambition of positive strategic
                        the rollout of a digital home lending platform. This has                               NPS scores ranked first of Australian banks across all key
                        supported a 67% reduction in median time-to-unconditional-                             segments. Over the 12 months to September 2024, Business
                        approval(2) since 2020 and the majority of simple home loans                           NPS slipped from 11 to 8 with NAB continuing to rank second
                        can now be conditionally approved within a day(3). However,                            among major banks while Mass Consumer NPS improved from
                        given heightened competitive sector pressures in 2023 and                              -3 to -2 with NAB's ranking slipping from equal first to third. High

                                                                                                                                                                                                       Report of
                        much of 2024, the Group adopted a disciplined approach to                              Net Worth and Mass Affluent NPS improved from -7 to +2 and
                        originating new home loans, which saw its share of system                              NAB's ranking improved from second to first of major banks


                                                                                                                                                                                                     the Directors
                        growth(4) reduce from 1.1x in 2022 to 0.7x in 2023 and 0.6x in                         while Large Corporate and Institutional NPS(8) rose 8 points
                        2024. Balancing returns and growth in this dynamic market will                         with the Group's ranking improving from second to equal first.
                        remain important.                                                                      Customer advocacy is a priority focus for 2025.
                        The Group has been leveraging capability from acquisitions to                          A key focus of the Group's investment over recent years has
                        diversify its consumer portfolio and drive growth in unsecured                         been on simplifying, automating and digitising its business and




                                                                                                                                                                                                       Financial report
                         (1) Amounts presented in this section are based on cash earnings.
                         (2) Includes Broker, Retail and B&PB home lending applications excluding trust, company and complex lending.
                         (3) Broker and proprietary home loan applications auto decisioned same day via digital home lending platform using an automated credit rules engine without need for
                             manual intervention.
                         (4) APRA Monthly Authorised Deposit-taking Institution statistics. Latest data as at September 2024.
                         (5) Full detail on how cash earnings is defined, a discussion of non-cash earnings items and a full reconciliation of statutory net profit attributable to owners of the
                             Company is set out in Note 2 Segment information of the Financial Report on page 178. Statutory return on equity and statutory EPS are presented on page 110. Cash
                             EPS reflects basic EPS. Both Cash EPS and Cash ROE excluding large notable items in 2020 from cash earnings. NZB's FY20 cash earnings on RWA have not been restated
                             for the change in reporting of Bank of New Zealand’s Markets Trading operations and enabling units which, prior to 1 October 2023, were reported in Corporate and
                             Institutional Banking and Corporate Functions and Other.
                         (6) Engagement scores refer to Glint ‘Heartbeat’ outcomes. Top quartile comparison is based upon Glint’s client group (domestic and global, from all industries).


                                                                                                                                                                                                      Additional
                         (7) Net Promoter® and NPS® are registered trademarks of Bain & Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc., and Fred Reichheld. Net Promoter ScoreSM is a service mark of Bain &
                             Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc., and Fred Reichheld. Sourced from RFI Global – Atlas, measured on 6 month rolling average to September 2024. Mass Consumer: based
                             on all consumers, 18+ and excludes HNW&MA customers. HNW&MA: based on all consumers, 18+ with personal income of $260k+ and/or investible assets $2.5m+ and/or


                                                                                                                                                                                                     information
                             footings of over $850k. Business Strategic NPS is constructed based on 25:25:50 weighting of underlying segments, allocated to Nano & Micro: Small: Medium & Large,
                             respectively. Nano & Micro (Businesses with a turnover up to $1m or $1m-$5m with no perceived banker), Small (Businesses with a turnover $1m-$5m with a perceived
                             banker), Medium & Large (Businesses with a turnover between $5m and <$200m). Ranking based on absolute scores, not statistically significant differences.
                         (8) Coalition Greenwich (formerly Peter Lee Associates) - Large Corporate and Institutional Relationship Banking Survey Australia 2024. Ranking against the four major
                             domestic banks. Coalition Greenwich is a division of Crisil.


                                                                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report      113
                        Operating and financial review (cont.)




                        increasing the use of data and analytics. These initiatives                                and flexible technology operating environment. However, the
                        have allowed bankers to spend more time with customers                                     key drivers of success are expected to be broader than just
                        and provide quicker responses, while letting customers                                     technology. In particular, the voice of the customer needs to
                        increasingly self serve when they want to. They are also                                   be more amplified across the Group so that when decisions
                        making the Group more efficient, helping it to manage                                      are being made at any level, customer implications are well
                        costs while continuing to invest. In 2024 the Group achieved                               understood with incentives aligned to customer advocacy.
                        productivity benefits of $453 million allowing it to limit growth in                       Opportunities also exist to better and more systematically
                        operating expenses in 2024 to 4.5%(1) .                                                    leverage customer feedback and increase the pace at
                        Safety has been a key pillar of the Group's strategy since 2020                            which the Group responds. This requires a more granular
                        and keeping customers safe remains an important focus. Over                                and consistent Group-wide customer advocacy measurement
                        2024 the Group continued its efforts to protect customers                                  system, linked to the Group's investment decision-making
                        against ongoing and evolving threats from financial crime and                              framework, views of value creation and incentive structures.
                        since September 2021 the Group has prevented or recovered                                  At the same time, simplification requires heightened
                        more than $280 million in scam losses for customers. Safety                                prioritisation. While good progress has been made over
                        also requires that the Group maintain prudent balance sheet                                recent years to remove complexity particularly at a product
                        settings and manage risk with discipline. At September 2024                                level, there are still too many systems, processes, products,
                        collective provisions as a ratio of credit risk weighted assets                            policies and ways of doing things which make it difficult for
                        were 1.47% and the share of lending funded by deposits was                                 colleagues and get in the way of customers experiencing
                        above 80% - both materially stronger than pre COVID-19 levels.                             quick, easy and seamless interactions. This complexity also




For personal use only
                        Liquidity and funding ratios remain well above regulatory                                  creates risk and is a major barrier to productivity. Finishing the
                        minimums. The Group's CET1 ratio of 12.35% at September                                    work nearing completion on a number of the key investment
                        2024 rose 13 basis points over the year and is well up from                                priorities underway since 2020 will be an important part of
                        11.47% at September 2020 despite $7.4 billion of share buy-                                reducing complexity and will allow the Group to fully leverage
                        backs since August 2021 including $2.1 billion in 2024. Adjusting                          the benefits of these programs including retiring legacy
                        for the remaining $0.6 billion share buy-back outstanding at                               systems and platforms and removing duplication.
                        September 2024, proforma Group CET1 is approximately 12.21%(2)                             The Group plans to support its colleagues to deliver
                        and above the top end of the Group's target range of 11-11.5%.                             its evolved strategic priorities through its approach to
                        Despite retaining strong balance sheet settings, the Group                                 developing culture, talent and leadership capabilities. There
                        has delivered improved returns for shareholders consistent                                 have also been a number of new roles and functions created
                        with its strategic ambition. While Cash EPS (3) for 2024 was 7%                            to improve colleague focus, clarity and accountability for the
                        lower compared with a very strong 2023 outcome, cash ROE(3)                                Group's refreshed areas of focus.
                        has increased from 8.3% in 2020 to 11.6% in 2024 and compares                              The Group recognises the importance of investing in its
                        with 12.9% in 2023. The final 2024 dividend has been set at 85                             franchise to deliver sustainable growth and returns over
                        cents per share (cps), bringing total dividends for the year                               time through initiatives which improve customer experience,
                        ended 30 September 2024 to 169 cps which is 1.2% higher than                               comply with legal and regulatory requirements and improve
                        2023. This represents a 2024 cash earnings payout ratio of                                 capabilities and efficiency. To support the Group’s evolved
                        73.7%, consistent with the Group's target dividend payout ratio                            strategic priorities, investment spend (on a restated basis(5))
                        of 65% – 75% of cash earnings(4), subject to Board determination                           is expected to increase modestly from $1,638 million in 2024
                        based on circumstances at the relevant time.                                               to approximately $1.8 billion in 2025. This will include spend on
                        Execution of the Group's strategy has seen significant                                     a range of new and existing initiatives to improve customer
                        progress over the past four and a half years. The Group                                    advocacy and the continued replacement of ageing and
                        now has a compelling suite of product offerings increasingly                               complex technology.
                        supported by modern technology which are far quicker,                                      The Group moves forward with optimism and confidence in its
                        easier and safer to originate and manage, and provide                                      strong foundations and evolved strategy. Customer centricity,
                        a better experience for customers and colleagues. To                                       simplification and speed will become the hallmarks of NAB
                        build on this progress and take account of changes                                         going forward. This is expected to drive leading customer
                        in the external environment, the Group has evolved its                                     advocacy, and market share gains, underpinning sustainable
                        strategy. While no major pivots are required, the evolved                                  growth and attractive returns for shareholders.
                        strategy aims to achieve stronger customer advocacy,
                        increased simplification and faster outcomes. This is                                      Capital management and funding review
                        expected to support ongoing sustainable growth and returns
                        including improved performance in deposits and lending via                                 Balance sheet management overview
                        proprietary channels.                                                                      The Group remains committed to balance sheet strength, to
                        Technology will continue to play an important role in enabling                             support sustainable growth and returns while keeping the
                        the Group's evolved strategic ambitions, including the ongoing                             bank safe.
                        modernisation and replacement of the Group's complex and
                        ageing hardware and software to support a resilient, secure

                         (1) Statutory cost growth of 6.9%.
                         (2) On 2 May 2024, the Group announced it had increased its on-market buy-back of ordinary shares by $1.5 billion, resulting in a total combined size of up to $3 billion.
                             NAB has bought back and cancelled $2.1 billion of ordinary shares in the September 2024 financial year including $1.1 billion (0.25% of CET1 capital) in the half year ended
                             September 2024.
                         (3) Full detail on how cash earnings is defined, a discussion of non-cash earnings items and a full reconciliation of statutory net profit attributable to owners of the
                             Company is set out in Note 2 Segment information of the Financial Report on page 178. Statutory return on equity and statutory EPS are presented on page 110. Cash
                             EPS reflects basic EPS. Both Cash EPS and Cash ROE excluding large notable items in 2020 from cash earnings. NZB's FY20 cash earnings on RWA have not been restated
                             for the change in reporting of Bank of New Zealand’s Markets Trading operations and enabling units which, prior to 1 October 2023, were reported in Corporate and
                             Institutional Banking and Corporate Functions and Other.
                         (4) Statutory dividend payout ratio is 75.2%.
                         (5) Restated to reflect previously defined investment spend ($1,451 million in 2024) plus Other capitalised software ($187 million in 2024).


                        114   National Australia Bank
                        Operating and financial review (cont.)




                        Regulatory reform                                                    On 2 May 2024, the Group announced it had increased its on-
                        Regulatory change is a key area of focus for the group.              market buy-back of ordinary shares by $1.5 billion, resulting in
                                                                                             a total combined size of up to $3 billion. NAB has bought back
                                                                                                                                                                          About
                        Key reforms that may affect the Group's capital and
                        funding include:                                                     and cancelled $2.1 billion of ordinary shares in the September
                                                                                             2024 full year including $1.1 billion (0.25% of CET1 capital) in the
                        Revisions to the capital framework                                   September 2024 half year.                                                 this report
                        •   APRA’s revisions to APS 117 Capital Adequacy: Interest
                                                                                             Additional Tier 1 capital initiatives
                            Rate Risk in the Banking Book will come into effect on
                            1 October 2025.                                                  On 6 June 2024, the Group issued $1 billion of NAB Capital
                                                                                             Notes 8, which will mandatorily convert into NAB ordinary
                        •   APRA expects Australian banks to continue building
                                                                                             shares on 18 December 2034, provided certain conditions

                                                                                                                                                                       Our business
                            preparedness for the Basel Committee on Banking
                                                                                             are met.
                            Supervision's fundamental review of the trading book
                            regulatory standards ahead of the release of draft               With APRA’s prior written approval, NAB may elect to convert,

                                                                                                                                                                          in 2024
                            standards. There is no timeline provided for when these          redeem or resell these NAB Capital Notes 8 on 17 March 2032,
                            draft standards will be released.                                17 June 2032, 17 September 2032, 17 December 2032, or on the
                                                                                             occurrence of particular events, provided certain conditions
                        •   APRA has deferred the implementation date for the Basel III
                                                                                             are met.
                            reforms to APS 180 Capital Adequacy: Counterparty Credit
                            Risk to 2026.                                                    Tier 2 capital initiatives




                                                                                                                                                                         Creating value




For personal use only
                        Increased loss-absorbing capacity for ADIs                           The Group’s Tier 2 capital initiatives during the September 2024
                                                                                             full year included the following:
                        Under their loss-absorbing capacity framework, APRA required
                        domestic systemically important banks (D-SIBs) to hold               •   On 6 December 2023, NAB issued $300 million of
                        incremental total capital equal to 3% of risk-weighted assets            Subordinated Notes.
                        (RWA) from 1 January 2024. The requirement increases by 1.5%         •   On 9 February 2024, NAB issued $1.75 billion of
                        (to a total of 4.5%) of RWA on 1 January 2026. NAB has met the           Subordinated Notes.
                        3% of RWA Total capital requirement.                                 •   On 17 May 2024, NAB redeemed $1 billion of
                                                                                                 Subordinated Notes.
                                                                                                                                                                       Corporate
                        RBNZ capital review
                                                                                             •   On 6 June 2024, NAB issued $1.25 billion of
                        In December 2019, the RBNZ finalised its review of their capital
                        adequacy framework. The RBNZ amendments included an
                                                                                                 Subordinated Notes.                                                  Governance
                                                                                                                                                                       Statement
                        increase in the Tier 1 capital requirement to 16% of RWA, and        Full details on the Group’s subordinated notes issuance are
                        an increase in the Total capital requirement to 18% of RWA, to       available at nabcapital.com.au.
                        be phased in by 2028.
                                                                                             BNZ capital initiatives
                        Additional Tier 1 capital discussion paper                           On 21 August 2024, BNZ issued NZ$450 million of Perpetual


                                                                                                                                                                          Risk
                        In September 2024, APRA released a discussion paper outlining        Preference Shares (PPS), which qualify as AT1 capital under
                        potential amendments to APRA’s prudential framework to               RBNZ prudential regulatory requirements. The PPS have no
                        ensure that the capital strength of the Australian banking           fixed maturity date and will remain on issue indefinitely if not

                                                                                                                                                                       management
                        system operates more effectively in a stress scenario. For           redeemed by BNZ. BNZ may elect to redeem the PPS on the
                        advanced banks such as NAB, APRA has proposed replacing              first optional redemption date or on each quarterly scheduled
                        1.5% AT1 capital with 0.25% CET1 capital and 1.25% Tier 2 capital,   distribution payment date thereafter, or at any time if a tax
                        from January 2027. Subject to stakeholder feedback, APRA             event or regulatory event occurs. Redemption is subject to
                        plans to provide an update on the consultation process in late       certain conditions being met, including obtaining the RBNZ's
                        2024 and formally consult on specific changes to prudential          approval. Holders of PPS have no right to require that the PPS

                                                                                                                                                                         Report of
                        standards in 2025.                                                   be redeemed.

                        Liquidity requirements                                               Funding and liquidity

                                                                                                                                                                       the Directors
                        APRA will conduct a broader review of APS 210 Liquidity with         The Group monitors the composition and stability of funding
                        early industry engagement commencing in 2025.                        and liquidity through the Board approved risk appetite which
                                                                                             includes compliance with the regulatory requirements of
                        Capital management                                                   APRA's Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and Net Stable Funding
                        The Group’s capital management strategy is focused on                Ratio (NSFR).




                                                                                                                                                                         Financial report
                        adequacy, efficiency, and flexibility. The capital adequacy
                        objective seeks to ensure sufficient capital is held in excess       Funding
                        of regulatory requirements and is within the Group’s balance         The Group employs a range of metrics to set its risk appetite
                        sheet risk appetite. This approach is consistent across the          and measure balance sheet strength. The NSFR measures the
                        Group’s subsidiaries.                                                extent to which assets are funded with stable sources of
                                                                                             funding to mitigate the risk of future funding stress.
                        The Group’s capital ratio operating targets are regularly
                        reviewed in the context of the external economic and                 As at 30 September 2024, the Group’s NSFR was 117% up
                        regulatory outlook with the objective of maintaining balance         1% compared to 30 September 2023, with the movement
                        sheet strength. The Group’s CET1 capital ratio operating target      primarily driven by wholesale funding issuance in excess of

                                                                                                                                                                        Additional
                        range remains unchanged at 11.0% to 11.5%.                           impacts associated with the maturity of the Additional and
                                                                                             Supplementary Allowances of the Term Funding Facility (TFF).
                        On 15 August 2023, the Group announced its intention to buy

                                                                                                                                                                       information
                        back up to $1.5 billion of NAB ordinary shares on-market to          Another key structural measure for balance sheet strength
                        progressively manage its CET1 capital ratio towards its target       is the Stable Funding Index (SFI), which is comprised of the
                        range. NAB commenced the buy-back on 29 August 2023.                 Customer Funding Index (CFI) and the Term Funding Index


                                                                                                                                           2024 Annual Report   115
                        Operating and financial review (cont.)




                        (TFI). The CFI represents the proportion of the Group’s core                             A detailed breakdown of quarterly average net cash outflows
                        assets that is funded by customer deposits. Similarly, the                               is provided in the September 2024 Pillar 3 Report.
                        TFI represents the proportion of the Group’s core assets
                        that is funded by term wholesale funding with a remaining                                Dividend and Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP)
                        term to maturity of greater than 12 months, including Term                               The final dividend in respect of the year ended 30 September
                        Lending Facility (TLF) and Funding for Lending Programme                                 2024 has been increased to 85 cents, 100% franked, payable on
                        (FLP) drawdowns.                                                                         16 December 2024.
                        For the September 2024 full year, the SFI remained at 103% as                            The extent to which future dividends on ordinary shares
                        lending growth was largely funded by deposit inflows and new                             and distributions on frankable hybrids will be franked is
                        term wholesale funding issuance in excess of volumes moving                              not guaranteed and will depend on a number of factors,
                        within 12 months to maturity.                                                            including capital management activities and the level of
                                                                                                                 profits generated by the Group that will be subject to tax
                        Term wholesale funding                                                                   in Australia.
                        The Group maintains a well-diversified term wholesale funding                            The Group periodically adjusts its DRP to reflect its capital
                        profile across issuance type, currency, investor location                                position and outlook. There is no DRP discount for the
                        and tenor.                                                                               2024 final dividend. Eligible shareholders have the ability to
                        During the September 2024 full year, NAB accessed term                                   participate in the DRP for the 2024 final dividend for up
                        wholesale funding markets across a range of products and                                 to 5 million NAB ordinary shares per participant. The Group
                        currencies with issuance conditions supported by decreasing                              expects to satisfy the DRP in full by an on-market purchase




For personal use only
                        inflation and central bank interest rate cut expectations.                               of shares.
                        The Group raised $37.5 billion(1) of term wholesale funding
                        during the September 2024 full year. NAB raised $34.5 billion
                        of term wholesale funding, including $3.3 billion of Tier
                        2 subordinated debt and BNZ raised $3.0 billion of term
                        wholesale funding.
                        As at 30 September 2024, the full TFF allocation has
                        been repaid.
                        The weighted average maturity of term wholesale funding
                        issued by the Group in the September 2024 full year was 5.0(2)
                        years. The weighted average remaining maturity of the Group’s
                        term wholesale funding portfolio is 3.4(2) years.
                        Term wholesale funding markets continue to be influenced by
                        the economic environment, investor sentiment and impacts of
                        monetary and fiscal policy settings.

                        Short-term wholesale funding
                        For the September 2024 full year, the Group accessed
                        international and domestic short-term funding through
                        wholesale markets. In addition, the Group accessed
                        secured short-term funding in the form of repurchase
                        agreements primarily to support markets and trading
                        activities. Repurchase agreements entered into, excluding
                        those associated with the TFF, TLF and FLP, are materially
                        offset by reverse repurchase agreements with similar tenors.

                        Liquidity Coverage Ratio
                        The LCR measures the adequacy of HQLA available to meet
                        net cash outflows over a 30-day period during a severe
                        liquidity stress scenario. HQLA consists of cash, central bank
                        reserves and highly rated government securities. In addition
                        to HQLA, alternative liquid assets (ALA) can also contribute to
                        regulatory liquidity. ALA has previously included the Committed
                        Liquidity Facility (CLF) which was in effect pre 1 January 2023,
                        and currently includes certain RBNZ repo-eligible securities.
                        The Group maintains a well-diversified liquid asset portfolio
                        to support regulatory and internal requirements in the
                        regions in which it operates. The average value of regulatory
                        liquid assets held through the September 2024 quarter was
                        $215 billion which was comprised of $212 billion of HQLA and
                        $3 billion of RBNZ repo-eligible securities.
                        The Group's LCR averaged 137% during the September 2024
                        quarter, a decrease of 3% compared to September 2023.


                         (1) Excludes AT1 capital.
                         (2) Excludes AT1 capital, Residential Mortgage Backed Securities (RMBS), TFF and FLP.


                        116   National Australia Bank
                        Directors’ information
                        For information on the directors, company secretaries and board meetings refer to pages 69 to 73 and 78.

                        Directors' and officers' indemnity
                        NAB’s constitution
                                                                                                                                                                        About
                        Under Article 20.1, to the maximum extent permitted by law and without limiting the Company’s power, the Company may indemnify               this report
                        any current or former officer out of the property of the Company against:
                        •   Any liability incurred by the person in the capacity as an officer (except a liability for legal costs).
                        •   Legal costs incurred in defending or resisting (or otherwise in connection with) proceedings, whether civil or criminal or of an
                            administrative or investigatory nature, in which the officer becomes involved because of that capacity.

                                                                                                                                                                     Our business
                        •   Legal costs incurred in connection with any investigation or inquiry of any nature (including, without limitation, a royal
                            commission) in which the officer becomes involved (including, without limitation, appearing as a witness or producing


                                                                                                                                                                        in 2024
                            documents) because of that capacity.
                        •   Legal costs incurred in good faith in obtaining legal advice on issues relevant to the performance of their functions and
                            discharge of their duties as an officer, if that expenditure has been approved in accordance with the terms of any applicable
                            deed or agreement entered into pursuant to article 20.3 or any applicable policy of the Company, except to the extent that:
                            – The Company is forbidden by law to indemnify the person against the liability or legal costs, or
                            – An indemnity by the Company of the person against the liability or legal costs, if given, would be made void by law.




                                                                                                                                                                       Creating value




For personal use only
                        Under Article 20.2, the Company may pay or agree to pay, whether directly or through an interposed entity, a premium for a
                        contract insuring a person who is or has been an officer against liability incurred by the person in that capacity, including a
                        liability for legal costs, unless:
                        •   The Company is forbidden by law to pay or agree to pay the premium, or
                        •   The contract would, if the Company paid the premium, be made void by law.
                        The Company may enter into an agreement with a person referred to in Articles 20.1 and 20.2 with respect to the subject matter
                        of those Articles. Such an agreement may include provisions relating to rights of access to the books of the Company . In
                        the context of Article 20, ‘officer’ means a director, secretary or senior manager of NAB or of a related body corporate of
                        the Company.                                                                                                                                 Corporate
                        The Company has executed deeds of indemnity in favour of each director of NAB and certain directors of related bodies                       Governance
                                                                                                                                                                     Statement
                        corporate of the Company. Some companies within the Group have extended equivalent deeds of indemnity in favour of
                        directors of those companies.

                        Directors' and officers' insurance
                        During the year, the Company, pursuant to Article 20, paid a premium for a contract insuring all directors, secretaries, executive


                                                                                                                                                                        Risk
                        officers and officers of the Company and of each related body corporate of the Company. The contract does not provide
                        cover for the independent auditors of the Company or of a related body corporate of the Company. In accordance with usual
                        commercial practice, the insurance contract prohibits disclosure of the premium payable, the policy limits and the nature of the

                                                                                                                                                                     management
                        liabilities covered.

                        Directors' and executives' interests
                        Particulars of shares, rights and other relevant interests held directly and indirectly by directors and Group Executives are set
                        out in the Remuneration Report.


                                                                                                                                                                       Report of


                                                                                                                                                                     the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                      Additional

                                                                                                                                                                     information




                                                                                                                                         2024 Annual Report   117
                        Other matters
                        Rights
                        As at the date of this report, there are 4,312,846 rights outstanding in relation to NAB fully paid ordinary shares. No exercise price
                        is payable for rights. The latest dates for exercise of the rights range between 15 November 2024 and 15 November 2030. Persons
                        holding rights are not entitled to participate in capital actions by NAB (such as rights issues or bonus issues) as they relate to
                        those rights.
                        For the period from 1 October 2024 to the date of this report, no NAB fully paid ordinary shares were issued as a result of the
                        exercise of a right.
                        For further details on rights refer to Note 35 Equity-based plans of the notes to the financial statements and Section 6.4 of the
                        Remuneration Report.

                        Future developments
                        In the opinion of the directors, discussion or disclosure of any further future developments including the Group’s business
                        strategies and its prospects for future financial years would be likely to result in unreasonable prejudice to the interests of
                        the Group.

                        Proceedings on behalf of NAB
                        There are no proceedings brought or intervened in, or applications to bring or intervene in proceedings, on behalf of NAB by a
                        member or other person entitled to do so under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).




For personal use only
                        Events subsequent to reporting date
                        There are no items, transactions or events of a material or unusual nature that have arisen in the period between 30 September
                        2024 and the date of this report that, in the opinion of the directors, have significantly affected or may significantly affect the
                        operations of the Group, the results of those operations or the state of affairs of the Group in future years.

                        Integrity of reporting
                        The directors of NAB have a responsibility with respect to the integrity of external reporting. This involves reviewing and
                        monitoring, with the assistance of the Board Audit Committee and management, the processes, controls and procedures which
                        are in place to maintain the integrity of the Group’s financial statements.
                        Further details on the role of the Board and its committees can be found in NAB's 2024 Corporate Governance Statement in the
                        Corporate Governance Statement section of this report and is available online at nab.com.au/about-us/corporate-governance.

                        External auditor
                        EY was appointed as the Group external auditor on 31 January 2005 and has provided the audit opinion on the Financial Report for
                        20 years. In accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), the lead signing partner for the audit rotates every five years. Mr
                        Tim Dring was appointed on 16 December 2022 as the Group's Lead Partner and completed his second year as signing partner on
                        the 2024 Financial Report.
                        The Audit Committee conducts an annual review of the adequacy of the external audit with emphasis on independence,
                        effectiveness, and performance of the external auditor. The Audit Committee assessed and resolved it would be appropriate for
                        EY to continue as the external auditor and satisfied themselves on the following basis:
                        •   The External Audit Plan addresses key areas of accounting judgement, including business risks, regulatory and compliance
                            obligations, operations and internal control environment associated with the financial report and the resulting key
                            audit matters.
                        •   Partner rotations bring fresh perspectives to management and the Audit Committee. The lead partner has demonstrated
                            sound judgement and objectivity.
                        •   The audit team has appropriate industry and technical skills and experience, supported where necessary by EY’s technical
                            specialists. The audit team has demonstrated professional scepticism, integrity, independence, insight, service quality,
                            communication, reporting and responsiveness.
                        There is no person who has acted as an officer of the Group during the 2024 financial year who has previously been a partner at
                        EY when that firm conducted the Group's audit.

                        Non-audit services, audit-related, taxation-related services
                        The remuneration of the external auditor is set out in Note 34 Remuneration of external auditor of the notes to the financial
                        statements and includes details of the fees paid or due and payable for audit-related, taxation-related and non-audit services
                        provided by EY to the Group during 2024.
                        In accordance with advice received from the Audit Committee, the directors are satisfied that the provision of audit-related,
                        taxation-related and non-audit services during the year to 30 September 2024 by EY is compatible with the general standard of
                        independence for auditors imposed by the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). The directors are satisfied because the Audit Committee
                        or its delegate has assessed each service, having regard to auditor independence requirements of applicable laws, rules and
                        regulations, and concluded that the provision of each service or type of service would not impair the independence of EY.
                        A description of the Audit Committee’s pre-approval policies and procedures is set out in the Assurance and Control section on
                        page 89. A copy of EY’s independence declaration is set out on page 163.




                        118   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report
                        Letter from the People & Remuneration                                                         77%). This reflects our focus on the colleague experience
                        Committee Chair, Kathryn Fagg                                                                 where we actioned responses to colleague feedback.


                                                                                                                                                                                                            About
                        Dear Fellow Shareholders,                                                                 •   Provided (or facilitated) $7 billion in environmental finance
                                                                                                                      to customers, towards NAB's $80 billion 2030 environmental
                        On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the 2024
                                                                                                                      finance ambition announced in June 2024(5).
                                                                                                                                                                                                         this report
                        Remuneration Report, the first since my appointment as Chair
                        of the People & Remuneration Committee. Our results reflect                               Further detail on Group performance and remuneration
                        the continued execution of NAB’s strategy, and our focus                                  outcomes is in Section 4.
                        on being a trusted partner to our customers. We continued
                                                                                                                  Remuneration for colleagues
                        to support households and businesses in a challenging
                        economic environment.                                                                     The new Enterprise Agreement is a three-year agreement that

                                                                                                                                                                                                         Our business
                                                                                                                  came into effect in 2024, bringing certainty about pay and
                        Changes to the Executive Leadership Team                                                  benefits for colleagues. The Enterprise Agreement provided
                                                                                                                  a Fixed Remuneration (FR) increase of up to 5% to eligible

                                                                                                                                                                                                            in 2024
                        In 2024, NAB welcomed Andrew Irvine as the new Group CEO
                        and Managing Director, succeeding Ross McEwan. Mr McEwan                                  colleagues in January 2024.
                        ceased to be the Group CEO and Managing Director on 2 April,                              Progress was made towards gender equality with a reduction
                        and retired on 1 July following a transition period. The Board                            of the gender pay gap to 15.1%(6). NAB continues to address
                        thanks Mr McEwan for his leadership and contribution to the                               gender representation across the Group, particularly for
                        Group during the past four-and-a-half years.                                              leadership roles.




                                                                                                                                                                                                           Creating value




For personal use only
                        Three other changes were made to the Executive Leadership                                 Additional information about colleague benefits and progress
                        Team (ELT) with appointments from within NAB’s senior                                     on key initiatives is provided in Section 1.3.
                        leadership group, demonstrating succession planning and
                        strong internal talent. The number of female ELT members                                  Remuneration for the Group CEO and
                        increased from three to five, with female leadership across                               Group Executives
                        all three of our customer-facing businesses in Australia for                              The Board has exercised restraint in executive remuneration
                        the first time. Further details on the changes are provided in                            and differentiated reward outcomes to reflect the
                        Section 2.2.                                                                              contributions of each senior executive.

                                                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate
                                                                                                                  Key remuneration outcomes in 2024 were:
                        Performance
                                                                                                                  •   Andrew Irvine’s FR was increased on his appointment
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Governance
                        Group Performance Indicators (GPI) achieved at 90% of target
                        due to slight shortfalls in financial outcomes, Customer Net                                  as the Group CEO and Managing Director. Mr Irvine’s
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Statement
                        Promoter Score (NPS)(1) results, and gender equality (despite                                 Annual Variable Reward (VR) outcome was 90% of his
                        good progress on that measure). This was partially offset by                                  target opportunity (68% of maximum). Mr Irvine’s Annual
                        pleasing colleague engagement initiatives and progress on                                     VR outcome reflected his time in the Group Executive,
                        technology modernisation.                                                                     Business and Private Banking and Group CEO and Managing
                                                                                                                      Director roles during 2024.
                        Key outcomes in 2024 include:

                                                                                                                                                                                                            Risk
                                                                                                                  •   Ross McEwan’s Annual VR outcome as outgoing Group CEO
                        •    Cash earnings of $7.1 billion(2) are 8.1% lower than the strong                          and Managing Director was 90% of his target opportunity
                             levels of 2023 but benefited from focused execution and a                                (68% of maximum). This amount reflects the period for

                                                                                                                                                                                                         management
                             more stable operating environment in the second half.                                    which he was in the role.
                        •    Cash earnings and return on total allocated equity (ROTAE)                           •   Annual VR outcomes for Group Executives ranged from 72%
                             were slightly below target. The result reflected a weaker                                to 108% of target opportunity (54% to 81% of maximum).
                             revenue performance primarily as a result of ongoing
                                                                                                                  •   The 2019 LTVR (granted in February 2020) vested at
                             competitive pressures, partially offset by balance sheet
                                                                                                                      100% based on a TSR outcome at the 75th percentile
                             momentum and higher expenses.

                                                                                                                                                                                                           Report of
                                                                                                                      over 4 years. This reflected strong financial performance
                        •    Total dividend paid of 168 cents per share, fully franked for                            and consistent execution of our strategy over the
                             the year ended 30 September 2024, returning $5.2 billion to                              performance period.

                                                                                                                                                                                                         the Directors
                             our shareholders. This is an increase from the 161 cents per
                             share in 2023.                                                                       Further detail on the executive remuneration outcomes and
                                                                                                                  arrangements is provided in Section 2 and Section 4.
                        •    Market share performance in key categories was
                             below expectations.                                                                  Regulatory updates relevant to the Group's
                        •    NPS results were mixed. NAB retained #1 position                                     remuneration frameworks




                                                                                                                                                                                                           Financial report
                             among the major Australian banks in the Corporate and                                In 2024, the Financial Accountability Regime (FAR) replaced the
                             Institutional Banking segment, and moved to #1 for High                              Banking Executive Accountability Regime (BEAR). This resulted
                             Net Worth and Mass Affluent. NAB remained #2 in the Mass                             in minor changes to our executive remuneration framework.
                             Consumer and Business segments(3).                                                   We also completed our first annual review of our compliance
                        •    Colleague engagement remained in the top quartile and                                with the new prudential standard on remuneration, CPS 511.
                             improved by 1% from 2023 to 78%(4) (with top quartile being                          Further details can be found in Section 1.3.

                            (1) Net Promoter® and NPS® are registered trademarks of Bain & Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc., and Fred Reichheld. Net Promoter ScoreSM is a service mark of Bain &
                                Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc., and Fred Reichheld.


                                                                                                                                                                                                          Additional
                            (2) Full detail on how cash earnings is defined, a discussion of non-cash earnings items and a full reconciliation of statutory net profit attributable to owners of the
                                Company is set out in Note 2 Segment information of the Financial Report on page 178.
                            (3) Sourced from RFI Global – Atlas, measured on 6 month rolling average to August 2024. Further details can be found in section 4.1 and on page 5 and 12 .


                                                                                                                                                                                                         information
                            (4) Employee Engagement Survey Result conducted using Glint. For the purposes of the GPI and Group CEO Scorecard, colleague engagement score is 78.5% and excludes
                                BNZ. Further details can be found in section 4.1.
                            (5) NAB's environmental finance ambition was announced in June 2024 and is for the period 1 October 2023 to 30 September 2030. Further information can be found in the
                                'Environmental finance ambition' section of NAB's 2024 Climate Report.
                            (6) The pay gap analysis indicates the mean gender pay gap within NAB’s Australian-based workforce. Further details can be found in section 1.3.


                                                                                                                                                                          2024 Annual Report      119
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        On behalf of the Board, I invite you to read this Remuneration
                        Report which will be presented for adoption at the 2024 AGM.




                         Kathryn Fagg
                         People & Remuneration Committee Chair
                         7 November 2024




For personal use only




                        120   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                         Contents
                         Section 1 -   Our remuneration frameworks               122


                                                                                                                      About
                         Section 2 -   Key executive remuneration outcomes       126
                                       in 2024


                                                                                                                   this report
                         Section 3 -   Our 2024 executive                        130
                                       remuneration framework
                         Section 4 -   Remuneration outcomes                     134
                         Section 5 -   Governance, risk and consequence          142
                         Section 6 -   Group CEO and Group Executive statutory   147
                                       remuneration disclosures


                                                                                                                   Our business
                         Section 7 -   Non-executive director remuneration       157
                         Section 8 -   Loans, other transactions and             160
                                       other interests

                                                                                                                      in 2024




                                                                                                                     Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                                                   Corporate
                                                                                                                  Governance
                                                                                                                   Statement




                                                                                                                      Risk

                                                                                                                   management




                                                                                                                     Report of


                                                                                                                   the Directors




                                                                                                                     Financial report




                                                                                                                    Additional

                                                                                                                   information




                                                                                       2024 Annual Report   121
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        Section 1 - Our remuneration frameworks
                        1.1 Strategic context for remuneration at NAB

                        Our Group Strategy and remuneration principles
                        Our remuneration frameworks are informed by the Group Strategy which focuses on customers and colleagues. Our
                        remuneration principles support the delivery of our strategic priorities as outlined below. The Group operates an executive
                        remuneration framework for the Group CEO and Group Executives, and a broader colleague remuneration framework. Our Group
                        Strategy for 2020 to 2024 is outlined below.




For personal use only
                        There are six underpinning remuneration principles where we seek to demonstrate how we approach remuneration to
                        all stakeholders, including our customers, regulators, communities and colleagues. We intend to be fair, appropriate,
                        simple and transparent. The executive remuneration framework outlined in Section 1.2 is governed by the Group Strategy
                        and Group remuneration principles. These principles inform our Group remuneration framework, remuneration policy and
                        remuneration structures.                      NAB Group remuneration principles




                              Customers                   Colleagues         Shareholders        Transparent           Safe           Long-term

                              Reinforce our                  $-)        Align reward      Simple and easy       ޳ /-$.&҂   Drive delivery
                              commitment                   appropriate      with sustainable     to understand       reputation,     of long-term
                              to customers              reward to attract   shareholder value                       conduct and      performance
                                                          and retain the                                          values outcomes
                                                           best people




                        122   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        1.2 Executive remuneration framework in 2024


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           About
                        The Group remuneration principles inform the remuneration framework for the Group CEO and Group Executives. The framework
                        reinforces our commitment to customers, aligns with sustainable shareholder value creation and reflects risk, reputation,
                        conduct, sustainability and values (How We Work) outcomes. The framework supports the Group CEO and Group Executives to
                        drive both short and long-term performance. The requirement to hold a minimum shareholding enhances the alignment between                                                                                                       this report
                        the interests of shareholders and the Group CEO and Group Executives.
                        As foreshadowed in the 2023 Remuneration Report, our new executive remuneration framework came into effect on 1 October
                        2023. The new framework complies with APRA's Prudential Standard CPS 511 Remuneration (CPS 511) while maintaining a strong
                        focus on individual performance, the management of financial and non-financial risks and driving short and long-term

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Our business
                        performance, sustainable shareholder growth and a focus on customer outcomes. The diagram below illustrates the new
                        executive remuneration framework that applied to the Group CEO and Group Executives in 2024. Further information can be found
                        in section 3.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           in 2024

                            2024 Executive Reward Framework
                                                                                     Component                                                                                                  Application




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Creating value




For personal use only
                                                         Base salary                                                                                   • Comprised of base salary     • Reviewed annually against    Set to attract and

                                 Fixed
                                                         and super-                                                                                       and superannuation              the ASX20 and other          retain the best talent
                                                         annuation                                                                                                                        relevant national and
                                                                                                                                                       • Paid regularly throughout
                                                                                                                                                                                          international financial

                              remuneration
                                                                                                                                                          the financial year
                                                                                                                                                                                          services companies
                                                                       Annual VR assessment

                                                                                                  LTI performance measures tested.
                                                                        Deferred    Deferred      Pre-vest individual performance,                     • 60% cash                      • Target Annual VR             To reward contribution
                                                           Cash
                                                                        VR year 1   VR year 2     risk and conduct assessment is                                                         opportunity of 75% of FR      to the delivery of
                                                            VR                                                                                         • 40% deferred rights




                                Annual Variable Reward
                                                                         vesting     vesting      undertaken for each participant. Relevant               (vesting equally at the        (maximum opportunity of       annual goals that drive
                                                          (60%)(1)                                                                                                                       100%) for the Group CEO       the Group Strategy,
                                                                         (20%)(2)    (20%)(2)     LTEA and LTVR Performance Rights vest.                  end of year 1 and 2)
                                                                                                                                                                                         and Group Executives (50%     using mechanisms
                                                                                                                                                       • Dividend equivalent            target and 65% maximum        such as the Group
                                                                                                                                                          payment for any vested         for the Group CRO)(3)         Performance Indicator

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Corporate
                                                                                                                                                          deferred rights at the end
                                                                                                                                                          of each deferral period      • Outcomes vary depending
                                                                                                                                                                                          on Group and individual

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Governance
                                                                                                                                                                                          performance (balance
                                                                                                                                                                                          scorecard including
                                                                                                                                                                                          risk goals), values

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Statement
                                                                                                                                                                                          and behaviours(4)


                                                                                                                                                       • 100% performance rights      •	Award value up to            Focus executives on
                                                                                                                  1/3 released per year
                                                                                                   CEO                                                 • Subject to individual
                                                                                                                                                                                          70% of FR for Group CEO      long-term non-financial
                                                                                                                     for three years                                                      and Group Executives (5)     performance, risk
                                                            LTEA performance rights                                                                       performance, risk
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       management and
                                                          (50%; non-financial measure)                                                                    management and conduct       • Eligibility and award
                                                                                                                  ½ release                                                                                            conduct
                                                                                                  Group                                                   measured over a four-year       value determined by
                                                                                                                 per year for


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Risk
                                                                                                Executives                                                performance period              the Board each year
                                                                                                                  two years
                                                                                                                                                       •	Dividend equivalent          •	Subject to continued
                                                                                                                CEO: 1/3 of vested LTI (both LTEA         payment for any vested          service and individual
                                                                                                                and LTVR) performance rights              performance rights for          performance, risk
                                                                                                                exercised and shares released at the



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        management
                                                                                                                                                          the period between              management and
                                                                                                                end of years 4, 5 and 6 subject to
                                                                                                                                                          vest and exercise               conduct assessment
                                                                                                                continued service and individual




                                Long term incentive(7)
                                                                                                                performance, risk management and
                                                          Pre-grant individual                                  conduct assessment
                                                          performance, risk,                                    Group Executives: 1/2 of
                                                          management, and                                       vested LTI (both LTEA and
                                                          conduct assessment                                    LTVR) performance rights exercised
                                                          undertaken for each                                   and shares released
                                                                                                                                                       • 100% performance rights     • Award value up to 70% of      Align remuneration
                                                                                                                at the end of years 4 and 5 subject to
                                                          participant                                           continued service                                                        FR for Group CEO and          with long-term
                                                                                                                                                       •	Subject to individual



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Report of
                                                                                                                and individual performance,                                              Group Executives(5)           shareholder outcomes
                                                                                                                                                           performance, risk
                                                                                                                risk management and conduct                management and conduct      • Eligibility and award
                                                                                                                assessment                                 measured over a four-year     value determined by the
                                                                                                                                                           performance period            Board each year




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        the Directors
                                                                                                                                                       •	Dividend equivalent          • Subject to Relative Total
                                                                                                                  1/3 released per year                   payment for any vested         Shareholder Return (TSR)
                                                                                                   CEO
                                                                                                                     for three years                      performance rights for         against a financial
                                                            LTVR performance rights                                                                       the period between             services peer group(6)
                                                            (50%; financial measure)                              ½ release                               vest and exercise
                                                                                                  Group
                                                                                                                 per year for
                                                                                                Executives
                                                                                                                  two years




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Financial report
                        (1) Cash VR is paid at the end of the financial year.
                        Board
                        (2)      discretion
                            Deferred VR         applies for
                                         is exercised           qualitative
                                                      automatically            matters
                                                                     on vesting.          including
                                                                                  Vesting and exerciserisk, reputation,
                                                                                                       occurs at the        conduct,
                                                                                                                     end of the year.   and values to ensure sustainable
                        performance
                        (3) Target Annual (including     malus
                                            VR opportunity  is 75%and
                                                                   of FRclawback).
                                                                         for the GroupFurther    details
                                                                                        CEO and Group      about (50%
                                                                                                        Executives howforthe theBoard  applies discretion on remuneration matters
                                                                                                                                 Group CRO).
                        canThe
                        (4)   beoutcome
                                  found forin the Managing
                                              Section    5.2.Director and CEO, Bank of New Zealand (BNZ) will vary depending on overall Group and BNZ performance.
                        (5)	The actual value delivered to the Group CEO or a Group Executive is subject to the level of achievement against the performance measures and NAB’s share price at
                            the time of exercise.
                        (6)	The Relative TSR financial services peer group for the LTVR allocated on 22 February 2024 was AMP Limited, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited,
                            Bank of Queensland Limited, Bendigo and Adelaide Bank Limited, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Insurance Australia Group Limited, Macquarie Group Limited,
                            Medibank Private Limited, NIB Holdings Limited, QBE Insurance Group Limited, Suncorp Group Limited and Westpac Banking Corporation. The acquisition of the
                            banking business of the Suncorp Group Limited (Suncorp Bank) by Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited in 2024 did not impact the TSR peer group.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        information




                                                                                                                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report         123
                                                                                                                               over a four-year            the Board each year
                                                                                                 1/3 released per year         performance period
                                                                                  CEO                                                                  • Subject to Relative
                                                                                                    for three years                                        Total Shareholder
                                             LTVR performance rights                                                                                       Return (TSR) against
                        Remuneration  Report (cont.)
                                  (50%; financial measure)
                                                                                 Group
                                                                                                 ½ release                                                 a financial services
                                                                                                                                                           peer group(6)
                                                                                                per year for
                                                                               Executives
                                                                                                 two years




                        (1) Cash VR is paid at the end of the financial year.
                        (2) Deferred VR is exercised automatically on vesting. Vesting and exercise occurs at the end of the financial year.
                        (3) Target Annual VR opportunity is 75% of FR for the Group CEO and Group Executives (50% for the Group CRO).
                        (4) The outcome for the CEO and Managing Director, Bank of New Zealand (BNZ) will vary depending on overall Group and BNZ performance.
                        (5) The actual value delivered to the Group CEO or a Group Executive is subject to the level of achievement against the performance measures and NAB’s share price at
                            the time of exercise.
                        (6) The Relative TSR financial services peer group for the LTVR allocated on 22 February 2024 was AMP Limited, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited, Bank of
                            Queensland Limited, Bendigo and Adelaide Bank Limited, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Insurance Australia Group Limited, Macquarie Group Limited, Medibank
                            Private Limited, NIB Holdings Limited, QBE Insurance Group Limited, Suncorp Group Limited and Westpac Banking Corporation. The acquisition of the banking
                            business of the Suncorp Group Limited (Suncorp Bank) by Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited in 2024 did not impact the TSR peer group.
                        (7) The Long-Term Incentive (LTI) comprises of 50% Long-Term Equity Award (LTEA) and 50% Long-Term Variable Reward (LTVR).




For personal use only
                        1.3 Colleague remuneration framework
                        Informed by our remuneration principles, the colleague remuneration framework as outlined below applies to colleagues below
                        the Group Executive level.


                                 Fixed Remuneration (FR)                                      Annual Variable Reward (VR)                                   Annual Equity Award

                                 Colleagues appointed to Group                                Colleagues appointed to Group                                 Certain colleagues appointed
                         WHO     1 – 6 roles (1)                                              3 – 6 roles (1)                                               to Group 5 and 6 roles (1)

                                 • FR is comprised of base salary                             • Cash and restricted shares (where                           • 100% restricted shares (1/3
                                   and superannuation                                           the Annual VR outcome meets the                               scheduled to vest at the end
                                 • Paid regularly during the financial                          relevant deferral threshold) (2)                              of year 1, year 2 and year 3)
                                   year                                                       • Cash component paid at the end                              • Allocated at the end of the
                         WHAT    • In addition to FR, a $1,000 share                            of the financial year                                         financial year based on a pre-
                                   or cash grant to eligible colleagues                       • Restricted shares are allocated                               grant assessment of individual
                                   in Group 1 – 5 roles will be made                            at the end of the financial year                              performance and conduct during
                                   after the end of the financial year(3)                       and vest over the deferral period                             the year
                                                                                                applicable to the colleague’s role

                                 • Market competitive remuneration                            • To reward contribution to delivery                          • To create shareholder alignment,
                                   for role and experience to attract                           of annual goals that drive the                                drive continued sustainable
                                   and retain high performing                                   Group’s strategy                                              performance and emphasise
                                   individuals                                                • Motivates performance and safe                                focus on risk management, good
                                 • Only component of remuneration                               growth for colleagues who have                                conduct and behaviour outcomes
                         WHY       for some colleagues, providing                               increased accountability for and
                                   certainty and encouraging                                    influence over the Group’s annual
                                   stronger focus on customers                                  performance
                                 • The $1,000 share or cash grant                             • VR targets have been
                                   recognises colleague contribution                            standardised to create more
                                   to Group performance in the year                             consistency and fairness


                                                                                                Board discretion applies for qualitative matters including risk, reputation, conduct
                                                                                                and values to ensure sustainable performance (including for malus and clawback)

                                                                                                                                                 At Risk
                        (1) Roles are defined in the NAB Enterprise Agreement 2024. Group 1 - 6 roles are roles below the Group CEO and Group Executives (which are Group 7 roles).
                        (2) Deferral thresholds and deferral periods are different depending on the incentive plan participated in and the seniority of the colleague.
                        (3) The grant of shares or cash and the value of the award is determined by the Board each year in its discretion.




                        124     National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        Colleague benefits and initiatives
                        NAB provides a broad range of benefits including financial and other well-being benefits. This includes flexible work

                                                                                                                                                                                                           About
                        arrangements, up to two days of volunteer leave per year, and wellness and mental health resources through our Employee
                        Assistance Program.

                                                                                                                                                                                                        this report
                        Regular feedback from our colleagues is central to making NAB a great place to work. NAB’s engagement survey is a part of our
                        ongoing, continuous listening which provides insights on what matters most to our colleagues and how to best support their
                        teams. It's part of how NAB forms a picture of the overall colleague experience. In line with our commitment to make things
                        simpler for colleagues, in 2024, the surveys were held twice, in February and July rather than once every quarter. This change has
                        been made to provide more time for leaders to implement feedback and take meaningful actions between surveys.
                        Colleague recognition and appreciation are led through our NAB Honour program. NAB Honour recognises colleagues who get

                                                                                                                                                                                                        Our business
                        it right for our customers every time. It recognises people who role model 'How We Work' at NAB and deliver exceptional work
                        aligned to our Group Strategy. Honourees may be an individual, an intact team, or a cross functional team that has worked


                                                                                                                                                                                                           in 2024
                        together to achieve something significant.
                        In 2024, we continued our focus on pay equity, including greater representation of women in leadership roles across all areas of
                        the Group (progress towards women in leadership roles can be found in the Inclusion and diversity section of our Annual Report).
                        During our annual performance and reward review process, people leaders address and ensure gender pay equity through the
                        performance and reward decisions they make. NAB’s gender pay gap decreased to 15.1% in 2024 (15.8% in 2023)(1).
                        NAB’s new Enterprise Agreement is a three-year agreement effective from 15 February 2024(2) and provides certainty about




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Creating value




For personal use only
                        pay and a range of additional benefits to colleagues including one week of additional leave (You Leave) every year for eligible
                        colleagues. The 2024 Enterprise Agreement is a key part of our Colleague Strategy and how NAB attracts and retains talented
                        professionals who will shape the future of banking.
                        Per the 2024 Enterprise Agreement, the FR increase effective from January 2025 for eligible colleagues below Group Executive
                        level is based on colleagues' current FR as outlined below:
                        •    FR below $111,500: Colleagues will receive a minimum FR increase of 4%.
                        •    FR of $111,500 - $146,300: Colleagues will receive a minimum FR increase of 2.5%.

                                                                                                                                                                                                        Corporate
                        •    FR of $146,301 - High Income Threshold ($185,925): Colleagues will receive a minimum FR increase of 1.5%.
                        •    FR above the High Income Threshold: A budget of 2.5% of FR has been allocated to these colleagues and will be distributed
                             based on individual performance, internal peer relativities and external market remuneration positioning.                                                                 Governance

                        CPS 511 annual compliance review                                                                                                                                                Statement
                        NAB completed its first annual CPS 511 compliance review in 2024. The objective of the compliance review was to assess
                        whether the Group’s remuneration framework, policies and practices, remuneration design (including performance measures
                        and performance, vesting and deferral periods), remuneration outcomes, consequence management practices and governance


                                                                                                                                                                                                           Risk
                        structures are compliant with the requirements of CPS 511. The review was conducted by independent external advisors and
                        found NAB to be compliant with the requirements of CPS 511, with minor areas for improvement. All recommended changes have
                        been implemented in 2024 and the Group will continue to undertake annual compliance reviews to monitor and continuously

                                                                                                                                                                                                        management
                        improve its remuneration framework, policies and practices.

                        Financial Accountability Regime
                        The Financial Accountability Regime (FAR) which replaced the Banking Executive Accountability Regime (BEAR) came into effect in
                        March 2024. In preparation for the FAR, NAB reviewed the remuneration framework for the Group CEO, Group Executives and other
                        colleagues and made minor changes to the Group’s Remuneration Policy and variable reward plans. The Group’s Remuneration

                                                                                                                                                                                                          Report of
                        Policy and practices are compliant with the FAR.



                                                                                                                                                                                                        the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Additional
                            (1) The pay gap analysis indicates the mean gender pay gap within NAB’s Australian-based workforce, the reporting period for each year reflects 1 October to
                                30 September of the previous year (e.g., 2024 reflects the period 1 Oct 2022 to 30 Sept 2023). The gender pay gap is calculated by dividing the mean female base


                                                                                                                                                                                                        information
                                salary by the mean male base salary per employment level. It does not separately measure the gender pay gap in equivalent roles. Analysis included permanent
                                (including CEO salary from 2024 as per WGEA reporting requirements), fixed term, and casual colleagues and excludes contractors. Figures shown are published by the
                                Workplace Gender Equality Agency (WGEA).
                            (2) While the NAB Enterprise Agreement 2024 came into effect on 15 February 2024 with a nominal expiry date of 31 December 2026, benefits for our colleagues, such as a
                                one-time payment of $1,000, were implemented in September 2023, and Fixed Reward increases were implemented in January 2024.


                                                                                                                                                                         2024 Annual Report      125
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        Section 2 - Key executive remuneration outcomes in 2024
                        2.1 Executive remuneration outcomes in 2024


                         Fixed        As disclosed in our 2023 Remuneration Report, the Board approved FR increases between 2.7% to 6.9% for Group
                         Remuneration Executives effective from 4 January 2024 to reflect increased accountabilities and external pay relativity adjustments.
                                      The FR of new Group Executives and Group Executives who were appointed to a different role in 2024 was determined with
                                      reference to the market remuneration quantum observed for equivalent roles in the Australian market.
                         2024        The Board considered performance across all elements of the Group scorecard(1).
                         Performance The 2024 Annual VR outcomes were:
                         and Annual
                         VR                                          Individual Annual VR outcomes
                         outcomes    Position                          % of FR           % of Target Opportunity                                           % of Maximum Opportunity
                                           Group CEO(2)                                 68%                              90%                                              68%
                                           Group Executives                          50% - 81%                        72% - 108%                                    54% - 81%
                                           The five-year overview below shows a reasonable distribution of outcomes at target VR opportunity. The level of variation
                                           in the outcomes for the Group CEO and Group Executives reflects appropriate pay for performance alignment.
                                                                                    % of Annual VR target
                                           Position                                    2024               2023          2022             2021                          2020




For personal use only
                                           Group CEO    (2)
                                                                                        90%               108%          111%             121%                             0%
                                           Group Executives                         72% - 108%       81% - 117%      93% - 111%      105% - 149%                          0%
                         2019 Long-        The performance conditions for the 2019 Long Term Variable Reward (LTVR) award (granted in February 2020) were
                         Term VR           tested in November 2023. The 2019 LTVR award was granted subject to a Relative TSR performance hurdle, measured
                         outcomes          over a four-year period. The Board also assessed qualitative performance factors and individual performance prior to
                                           determining that 100% of the total performance rights should vest. The following table provides a five-year overview of
                                           the vesting outcomes of long-term VR awards. Further details are provided in Section 4.4.
                                           Plan Terms                                                2019                            2018              2017           2016           2015
                                           Allocation date                                           February 2020                   No long           December February             March
                                                                                                                                     term VR           2017     2017                 2016
                                           Performance period                                        4 years                         awards            4 years        4 years        4
                                                                                                                                     were                                            years
                                                                                                                                     granted in
                                           Date of testing                                           Nov 2023                        2018              Nov            Nov            Nov
                                                                                                                                                       2021           2020           2019
                                           Number of Group Executives (including the                 5                                                 5              3              2
                                           Group CEO) who held the award(3)
                                           % of award vested                                         100%                                              65.7%          55.8%          37.6%
                                           % of award lapsed                                         0%                                                34.3%          44.2%          62.4%
                         (1) The Group scorecard outcome is expressed as the Group Performance Indicator (GPI), which is a key component in informing VR outcomes (refer to Section 3.2 where
                             the mechanics of the Group Variable Reward Plan are explained).
                         (2) The Annual VR outcome for the Group CEO reflect the outcomes of both the new and previous Group CEO and was determined on a pro-rata basis with respect to their
                             proportion of the year as Group CEO. The outcome for the new Group CEO was prorated to reflect the time for which he was Group CEO, and the time he was the Group
                             Executive, Business and Private Banking.
                         (3) Number of Group Executives (including the Group CEO) who held the award and were a Group Executive on the vesting date of the awards.




                        126   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        2.2 Group executive appointments and exit arrangements


                                                                                                                                                                                    About
                        A number of changes were made to the Executive Leadership Team in 2024:
                        •    Andrew Irvine was appointed the new Group CEO and Managing Director, succeeding Ross McEwan on 2 April.

                                                                                                                                                                                 this report
                        •    Ross McEwan ceased to be Group CEO and Managing Director on 2 April, and retired on 1 July following a transition period.
                        •    Rachel Slade was appointed Group Executive, Business and Private Banking on 29 April. Ms Slade was previously Group
                             Executive, Personal Banking.
                        •    Ana Marinkovic was appointed Group Executive, Personal Banking on 29 April. Ms Marinkovic was previously Executive, Business
                             Direct & Small Business.


                                                                                                                                                                                 Our business
                        •    Cathryn Carver was appointed Group Executive, Corporate and Institutional Banking on 1 July. Ms Carver was previously
                             Executive, Client Coverage.


                                                                                                                                                                                    in 2024
                        •    David Gall ceased to be Group Executive, Corporate and Institutional Banking on 1 July, and ceased employment with NAB on
                             1 October following a transition period.
                        •    Angela Mentis ceased to be Group Chief Digital, Data and Analytics Officer and retired on 31 October 2023.
                        The following table outlines the remuneration arrangements for Group Executives as a result of role changes in 2024.




                                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value
                            Group Executive                    Remuneration arrangement




For personal use only
                            Andrew Irvine, Group Chief         •   Mr Irvine was previously Group Executive, Business and Private Banking. Mr Irvine's FR in this role
                            Executive Officer and                  was $1,230,000.
                            Managing Director                  •   Effective from the date of appointment as Group CEO and Managing Director, Mr Irvine’s
                            (appointed 2 April 2024,               remuneration comprised of annual FR of $2,500,000 with Annual VR target opportunity of 75% of
                            ceased to be the Group                 FR (maximum opportunity of 100% of FR) and an LTI opportunity up to 140% of FR (comprising the LTEA
                            Executive, Business and                component of 70% of FR and the LTVR component of 70% of FR).
                            Private Banking on 1 April         •   Mr Irvine was provided with an additional grant of 30,572 performance rights under the LTI plan in
                            2024)(1)                               respect of the 2024 financial year, in addition to the LTI performance rights already awarded in
                                                                   connection with his previous role. The additional performance rights are a “top up” grant to reflect

                                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate
                                                                   the period of the 2024 financial year Mr Irvine served in the Group CEO role.
                            Ross McEwan                        •   Mr McEwan ceased to be Group CEO and Managing Director on 2 April, and retired on 1 July following
                            (ceased to be Group                    a transition period.
                                                                                                                                                                                Governance
                            Chief Executive Officer and        •   Mr McEwan remained eligible to participate in the Annual VR plan for the 2024 financial year.
                            Managing Director on 2 April       •   The Board determined that Mr McEwan’s allocation of LTI performance rights approved by the                    Statement
                            2024, retired on 1 July 2024)(2)       shareholders at the 2023 Annual General Meeting should be reduced in recognition of Mr McEwan’s
                                                                   retirement on 1 July 2024. A total reduction of 30,256 rights was applied resulting in the retention of
                                                                   45,383 rights under LTEA and 45,383 rights under LTVR. All other rights allocated to Mr McEwan in prior
                                                                   years are retained subject to the terms and conditions of each award.


                                                                                                                                                                                    Risk
                            Rachel Slade, Group Executive,     •   Ms Slade was previously Group Executive, Personal Banking. Ms Slade's FR in this role was $1,230,000.
                            Business and Private Banking       •   Effective from the date of appointment as Group Executive, Business and Private Banking, Ms
                            (appointed 29 April 2024,              Slade’s remuneration comprised of annual FR of $1,300,000 with Annual VR target opportunity of


                                                                                                                                                                                 management
                            ceased to be the Group                 75% of FR (maximum opportunity of 100% of FR) and an LTI opportunity up to 140% of FR (comprising
                            Executive, Personal Banking on         the LTEA component of 70% of FR and the LTVR component of 70% of FR).
                            28 April 2024)
                            Ana Marinkovic, Group              •   Ms Marinkovic was previously the Executive, Business Direct & Small Business.
                            Executive, Personal Banking        •   Effective from the date of her appointment, Ms Marinkovic’s remuneration comprised of annual FR
                            (appointed 29 April 2024,              of $1,150,000 with Annual VR target opportunity of 75% of FR (maximum opportunity of 100% of FR)
                            ceased to be the Executive,            and an LTI opportunity up to 140% of FR (comprising the LTEA component of 70% of FR and the LTVR

                                                                                                                                                                                   Report of
                            Business Direct & Small                component of 70% of FR).
                            Business on 28 April 2024)         •   Ms Marinkovic did not receive an LTI award (comprising the LTEA component and the LTVR
                                                                   component) in respect of the 2024 performance year.

                                                                                                                                                                                 the Directors
                            Cathryn Carver, Group              •   Ms Carver was previously Executive, Client Coverage.
                            Executive, Corporate and           •   Effective from the date of her appointment, Ms Carver’s remuneration comprised of annual FR of
                            Institutional Banking                  $1,150,000 with Annual VR target opportunity of 75% of FR (maximum opportunity of 100% of FR) and
                            (appointed 1 July 2024, ceased         an LTI opportunity up to 140% of FR (comprising the LTEA component of 70% of FR and the LTVR
                            to be the Executive, Client            component of 70% of FR).
                            Coverage on 30 June 2024)




                                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
                                                               •   Ms Carver did not receive an LTI award (comprising the LTEA component and the LTVR component) in
                                                                   respect of the 2024 performance year.
                            David Gall, Group                  •   Mr Gall ceased to be Group Executive, Corporate and Institutional Banking on 1 July 2024.
                            Executive, Corporate and           •   Mr Gall ceased employment with NAB effective 1 October 2024 following a transition period in an
                            Institutional Banking                  advisory function providing support to the Group CEO and ELT members in the development of NAB's
                            (ceased to be Group                    evolved Group strategic ambition.
                            Executive, Corporate and           •   In accordance with the terms of NAB’s VR plans, Mr Gall retained all unvested deferred short-term
                            Institutional Banking on 1 July        and long-term VR awards. The awards remain subject to the relevant performance measures and
                            2024, ceased employment on             restriction periods.
                            1 October 2024)(3)
                                                               •   Mr Gall remained eligible to participate in the FY24 Annual VR plan. Mr Gall’s Annual VR will be
                                                                   delivered in cash (60%) and deferred cash (40%), vesting in two equal annual tranches in accordance

                                                                                                                                                                                  Additional
                                                                   with the terms of the plan.
                                                               •   On cessation, Mr Gall received a payment in respect of statutory entitlements, support to transition

                                                                                                                                                                                 information
                                                                   to external opportunities and in recognition of his contribution to the Group. Payments made
                                                                   in connection with Mr Gall’s cessation complied with the termination benefits regime in the
                                                                   Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).




                                                                                                                                                     2024 Annual Report   127
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                         Group Executive                           Remuneration arrangement
                         Angela Mentis, Group                      •   Ms Mentis retired from NAB on 31 October 2023. In accordance with the terms of NAB’s VR plans,
                         Chief Digital, Data and                       Ms Mentis retained all unvested deferred short-term and long-term VR awards. The awards remain
                         Analytics Officer                             subject to the relevant performance measures and restriction periods.
                         (retired and ceased to be                 •   Ms Mentis did not participate in the FY24 Annual VR Plan.
                         Group Chief Digital, Data &               •   On retirement, Ms Mentis received a payment in respect of statutory entitlements and in
                         Analytics Officer on 31 October               recognition of her contribution to the Group. Payments made in connection with Ms Mentis'
                         2023)(4)                                      retirement complied with the termination benefits regime in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
                         (1) The Annual VR outcome for Mr Irvine was 90% of his target opportunity (68% of maximum), determined on a pro-rata basis based on his VR opportunity and FR for the
                             proportion of the year he was the Group Executive, Business and Private Banking, and the proportion of the year he was Group Chief Executive Officer.
                         (2) Mr McEwan’s VR outcome was 90% of his target opportunity (68% of maximum). This amount reflects the period for which he was the Group CEO.
                         (3) Mr Gall remained employed by NAB during the period 1 July 2024 to 1 October 2024. He was not a KMP or a member of the Executive Leadership Team in this period.
                         (4) Details of Ms Mentis’ retirement was previously detailed in the 2023 Remuneration Report. As her retirement occurred in the 2024 financial year, relevant details are also
                             included in this report.


                        2.3 Other changes to executive remuneration arrangements

                         Group Executive            Remuneration arrangement
                         Patrick Wright,            •   Mr Wright was granted an award to the value of $2,250,000 in the form of 77,800 performance rights on
                         Group Executive,               22 February 2024 to recognise his accountability for delivering NAB’s multi-year technology modernisation
                         Technology and                 roadmap, a key initiative for the Group going forward.




For personal use only
                         Enterprise                 •   The Performance Rights are subject to satisfactory delivery of the technology modernisation roadmap which
                         Operations                     will be measured using the Technology Modernisation Score (TMS). The TMS is an objective measure that is also
                                                        used to inform the Group Performance Indicator (GPI). The TMS will assess technology modernisation efforts
                                                        and associated risk reduction over the 4 year performance period from 1 October 2023 to 30 September 2027.
                                                    •   At the end of the 4 year performance period, the Board will determine the number of performance rights that
                                                        vest. Half of the vested performance rights will be exercised immediately on vesting and the other half will be
                                                        subject to a 12-month restriction period and cannot be exercised until 22 December 2028. The performance
                                                        rights are subject to malus and clawback.
                         Leslie Matheson,           •   Effective 29 April 2024 Mr Matheson’s remuneration comprised of annual FR of $1,250,000 (9% increase from
                         Group Executive                $1,150,000) with Annual VR target opportunity of 75% of FR (maximum opportunity of 100% of FR) and an LTI
                         Digital, Data                  opportunity up to 140% of FR (comprising the LTEA component of 70% of FR and the LTVR component of 70%
                         and COO                        of FR). The increase to Mr Matheson's remuneration reflects the accountabilities and responsibilities of the
                                                        COO portfolio.


                        2.4 Executive Remuneration in 2025

                         Feature                          Description

                         Fixed Remuneration               No increase was made to the FR of the Group CEO and Managing Director for 2025.
                                                          The FR will be increased for the following five Group Executives effective 2 January 2025, reflecting the
                                                          accountabilities and responsibilities of their portfolios, experience in the role, and appropriate alignment
                                                          to the Financial Services market:
                                                          •   Cathryn Carver– Group Executive, Corporate and Institutional Banking: from $1,150,000 to $1,200,000
                                                              ($50,000 or 4.3% increase)
                                                          •   Shaun Dooley – Group Chief Risk Officer: from $1,300,000 to $1,350,000 ($50,000 or 3.8% increase)
                                                          •   Nathan Goonan - Group Chief Financial Officer: from $1,175,000 to $1,200,000 ($25,000 or 2.1% increase)
                                                          •   Daniel Huggins - CEO and Managing Director BNZ: from $1,180,123 to $1,217,002 ($36,879 or 3.1% increase)
                                                          •   Sarah White - Group Executive, People and Culture: from $900,000 to $950,000 ($50,000 or 5.6% increase)
                         2025 LTI award                   The Board assessed the Group CEO and all Group Executives as having met the pre-grant individual
                         (LTEA and                        performance, risk management and conduct assessments. Accordingly, the Board determined that each
                         LTVR components)                 be awarded a 2025 LTI award, comprising the LTEA component and the LTVR component, each with a face
                                                          value of 70% of FR (i.e., a total value of 140% of FR). The LTI award (LTEA and LTVR components) will be granted
                                                          in December 2024.
                                                          The actual value delivered to the Group CEO and each Group Executive is subject to the level of
                                                          achievement against the relevant four-year performance measures and may be zero if the performance
                                                          measures are not achieved.
                                                          For the Group CEO, the 2025 LTI award comprising of the LTEA component (45,919 performance rights)
                                                          and LTVR component (45,919 performance rights), based on NAB's weighted average share price of $38.11
                                                          over the last five trading days of the 2024 financial year, will be granted in December 2024 subject to
                                                          shareholder approval at NAB's 2024 AGM.




                        128   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        2.5 Key management personnel


                                                                                                                                                                                                          About
                        The list of NAB's Key Management Personnel (KMP) is assessed each year and comprises the non-executive directors of NAB, the
                        Group CEO (an executive director of NAB) and the Group Executives who have authority and responsibility for planning, directing
                        and controlling the activities of both NAB and the Group. The KMP during 2024 were:
                                                                                                                                                                                                       this report
                         Name                                                 Position                                                                                        Term as KMP
                         Non-executive directors
                         Philip Chronican                                     Chair                                                                                           Full year
                         Alison Kitchen                                       Director                                                                                        Full year

                                                                                                                                                                                                       Our business
                         Ann Sherry                                           Director                                                                                        Full year
                         Anne Loveridge                                       Director                                                                                        Full year

                                                                                                                                                                                                          in 2024
                         Carolyn Kay                                          Director                                                                                        Full year
                         Christine Fellowes                                   Director                                                                                        Full year
                         Douglas McKay                                        Director                                                                                        Full year
                         Kathryn Fagg                                         Director                                                                                        Full year
                         Simon McKeon                                         Director                                                                                        Full year




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Creating value




For personal use only
                         Former non-executive directors
                         David Armstrong                                      Director (to 15 December 2023)                                                                  Part year
                         Peeyush Gupta                                        Director (to 15 December 2023)                                                                  Part year
                         Group CEO
                         Andrew Irvine(1)                                     Group CEO and Managing Director (from 2 April 2024)                                             Part year
                         Group Executives
                         Ana Marinkovic                                       Group Executive, Personal Banking (from 29 April 2024)                                          Part year
                         Andrew Irvine                                        Group Executive, Business and Private Banking (to 1 April 2024)                                 Part year                Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Governance
                         Cathryn Carver                                       Group Executive, Corporate and Institutional Banking (from 1 July 2024)                         Part year
                         Daniel Huggins   (2)
                                                                              CEO and Managing Director, BNZ                                                                  Full year
                         Les Matheson                                         Chief Operating Officer (to 31 October 2023)                                                    Full year                Statement
                                                                              Group Executive, Digital, Data and Chief Operating Officer (from
                                                                              1 November 2023)
                         Nathan Goonan                                        Group Chief Financial Officer                                                                   Full year
                         Patrick Wright                                       Group Executive, Technology and Enterprise Operations                                           Full year

                                                                                                                                                                                                          Risk
                         Rachel Slade                                         Group Executive, Personal Banking (to 28 April 2024)                                            Full year
                                                                              Group Executive, Business and Private Banking (from 29 April 2024)


                                                                                                                                                                                                       management
                         Sarah White                                          Group Executive, People and Culture                                                             Full year
                         Sharon Cook                                          Group Executive, Legal and Commercial Services                                                  Full year
                         Shaun Dooley                                         Group Chief Risk Officer                                                                        Full year
                         Former Group Executives
                         Ross McEwan(3)                                       Group CEO and Managing Director (to 2 April 2024)                                               Part year


                                                                                                                                                                                                         Report of
                         Angela Mentis(4)                                     Group Chief Digital, Data and Analytics Officer (to 31 October 2023)                            Part year
                         David Gall(5)                                        Group Executive, Corporate and Institutional Banking (to 1 July 2024)                           Part year


                                                                                                                                                                                                       the Directors
                         (1) Between 2 April 2024 and 29 April 2024, Andrew Irvine was also responsible for the transition of the Group Executive, Business and Private Banking role.
                         (2) All matters relating to the remuneration of Daniel Huggins including VR, have been approved by the BNZ Board as required under BNZ's Conditions of Registration which
                             are set by the Reserve Bank of New Zealand.
                         (3) Ross McEwan ceased to be a KMP and member of the Executive Leadership Team on 2 April 2024 and retired on 1 July 2024.
                         (4) Angela Mentis retired and ceased to be a KMP and member of the Executive Leadership Team on 31 October 2023.
                         (5) David Gall ceased to be a KMP and member of the Executive Leadership team on 1 July 2024 and ceased employment with NAB on 1 October 2024.




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                       information




                                                                                                                                                                        2024 Annual Report      129
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        Section 3 - Our 2024 executive remuneration framework
                        NAB’s revised executive remuneration framework came into effect from 1 October 2023. Consistent with the previous framework,
                        the 2024 executive remuneration framework incorporates remuneration deferral arrangements to ensure shareholder alignment.
                        A proportion of remuneration is deferred in the form of equity for up to six years to encourage long-term decisions that create
                        sustainable value for customers and shareholders. The new framework meets the requirements of CPS 511 and:
                        •    maintains a strong focus on individual performance, conduct and management of financial and non-financial risks;
                        •    drives short and long-term performance, sustainable shareholder growth and a focus on customer outcomes; and
                        •    provides mechanisms to ensure remuneration outcomes will be commensurate with performance and risk outcomes.
                        All variable reward (unvested, vested or paid) is subject to malus and clawback. Refer to Section 5.2 for more detail.

                        3.1 Remuneration mix


                        Remuneration mix
                        The 2024 remuneration mix for the Group CEO and Group Executives at maximum opportunity delivers approximately 70% of total
                        remuneration as variable and 'at risk' remuneration. The actual remuneration mix for the Group CEO and each Group Executive is
                        subject to Group(1) and individual performance each year.




For personal use only
                            Group CEO                          29%                                17%                    12%                         21%                                 21%

                            Group CRO                              33%                               13%              8%                      23%                                    23%

                        Other Group
                                                               29%                                17%                    12%                         21%                                 21%
                         Executives

                                              Base salary plus superannuation           Annual VR Cash              Annual VR Deferred Equity              LTVR            LTEA
                                                            FR                                                  AVR                                               LTI

                        Maximum remuneration opportunity
                        The chart below illustrates the maximum total remuneration opportunity of the Group CEO under the 2024 executive
                        remuneration framework.

                               Andrew Irvine
                                                                 2,500,000                    1,500,000           1,000,000              1,750,000                       1,750,000             8,500,000
                                (Group CEO)


                        3.2 Annual variable reward for 2024

                        The table below outlines the key features of the Annual VR plan for the Group CEO and Group Executives.

                            Feature                Description
                            Purpose                Annual VR rewards the Group CEO and Group Executives for delivery of annual goals that drive long-term sustainable
                                                   performance. It provides an appropriate level of remuneration that varies based on the Board’s determination of
                                                   Group and individual performance over the financial year measured against agreed targets for financial and non-
                                                   financial measures that are set to drive delivery of the Group's strategy. The plan is not wholly formulaic. Judgement
                                                   is applied through qualitative assessment as determined by the Board.
                            Annual VR              Individual Annual VR awards for the Group CEO andNAB
                                                                                                     Group Executives
                                                                                                        Group Strategy(1) are calculated as follows(2):
                            calculation
                                                          Target                                  Group Scorecard                                                 Individual Scorecard
                                                        Opportunity              Group Performance Indicators + Qualitative Assessment                 )$1$0' -!*-() ۳ )$1$0'*$޲ -

                                                             FR                        4޲))$')                  $.&*$޲ -                        Individual                     Risk
                                                              x                   )*)Җ޲))$'( .0- .                 Quality of                        performance               Employee Conduct
                                                     Annual VR target %               to deliver the                    performance                         measures                   How We Work
                                                                                     -*0+ҍ../-/ "4



                                                   Discretionary adjustments: Annual VR is discretionary and will vary in line with Group and individual performance and
                                                   available funding. The Board may determine any amount be awarded from zero up to the maximum VR opportunity.
                                                   The Group CEO's scorecard, assessment and outcomes for 2024 are provided in Section 4.1.
                            Annual VR              Position                                                    Target opportunity                                 Maximum opportunity
                            opportunity
                                                   Group CEO and Group Executives                                     75% of FR                                             100% of FR
                                                   (excluding Group Chief Risk Officer)
                                                   Group Chief Risk Officer                                           50% of FR                                             65% of FR




                            (1) The outcome for the CEO and Managing Director, BNZ will vary depending on overall Group and BNZ performance.


                        130     National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                         Feature                 Description
                         Group                   Group performance is assessed on achievement of financial and non-financial measures (GPI) linked to the Group's
                         performance             key strategic priorities, overlaid by a qualitative assessment. The qualitative assessment may result in the outcome
                                                                                                                                                                                                                About
                                                 being adjusted upwards or downwards (including to zero) for risk, quality of performance (including consideration
                                                 of financial and customer outcomes, sustainability matters, and progress made against strategy) and any other

                                                                                                                                                                                                             this report
                                                 matters as determined by the Board.
                         Individual              Individual performance is assessed against a scorecard comprised of key financial and non-financial goals. The
                         performance             weighting of measures reflects the responsibilities for each individual's role. The Group CEO's 2024 scorecard is
                         and measures            aligned to the GPI.


                                                              Group CEO                                             60%                                                    20%   15%       5%



                                                                                                                                                                                                             Our business
                                                        Group Executives               20%                          20%                          20%                       20%     20%

                                                                              Financial            Customers              Colleagues              Risk*           Safe Growth



                                                                                                                                                                                                                in 2024
                                                                           *The Board’s assessment of the Group CEO’s risk outcome is applied as an Individual Modifier.



                                                 Individual performance modifiers: The Board considers three individual performance modifiers which may result in
                                                 an adjustment to an individuals’ performance and VR outcomes:
                                                 •   Risk: the individual's management of risk and compliance.
                                                 •   Employee conduct: individual performance and VR outcomes may be reduced where expected standards of
                                                     conduct are not met.




                                                                                                                                                                                                               Creating value




For personal use only
                                                 •   How We Work: the individual's demonstration of NAB’s values.
                         Award                   Annual VR is delivered as a combination of cash and deferred rights. The cash component of Annual VR is paid
                         delivery and            following the performance year to which it relates.
                         deferral                Deferred rights will be granted in December 2024 and are scheduled to vest pro-rata over two years from grant.
                                                 Deferred rights are granted and may vest at the Board's discretion, subject to the relevant plan rules including malus
                                                 and clawback provisions.
                                                 A dividend equivalent payment for any vested deferred rights is paid at the end of each deferral period.
                         Separation              If the Group CEO or a Group Executive resigns, they will not receive any Annual VR for that year and any unvested
                                                 deferred rights will be forfeited.
                                                 Unvested awards may be retained on separation in other circumstances prior to the end of the vesting period. The                                            Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Governance
                                                 Board retains discretion to determine a different treatment. Vesting of any unvested awards retained will generally
                                                 not be accelerated and will continue to be held by the individual on the same terms.
                         Board
                         discretion
                                                 The Board has extensive discretion in respect of the Annual VR awarded. Further detail on governance of Annual VR is
                                                 outlined in Section 5.2.
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Statement
                         (1) All matters relating to the remuneration of Daniel Huggins, CEO and Managing Director, BNZ, including scorecard measures and performance assessment, have been
                             approved by the BNZ Board as required under BNZ's Conditions of Registration which are set by the Reserve Bank of New Zealand. Daniel Huggins’ Annual VR is calculated
                             as VR Target Opportunity x (25% Group performance + 75% BNZ performance) x Individual Performance Score. BNZ performance is assessed based on Customer (30%);
                             Colleagues (12.5%); Safe Growth (7.5%) and Financial measures(50%). The assessed overall BNZ performance for 2024 was 99%.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                Risk
                         (2) Where a Group Executive had a change in role, the annual variable reward was prorated to reflect the different roles.




                                                                                                                                                                                                             management




                                                                                                                                                                                                               Report of


                                                                                                                                                                                                             the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                                               Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                                              Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                             information




                                                                                                                                                                                 2024 Annual Report   131
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        3.3 Long-term incentive in 2024

                        The Long Term Incentive (LTI) is comprised of two equally weighted components of remuneration which together provide material
                        weight to financial and non-financial measures in compliance with APRA requirements. These two components are the Long-Term
                        Equity Award (LTEA) and Long-Term Variable Award (LTVR). The LTI is awarded to the Group CEO and Group Executives through the
                        process described below.

                         Pre-grant risk and conduct assessment                 Performance period                Pre-vest risk and conduct assessment          Exercise of vested performance rights
                                                                                                                                                                     and allocation of shares(1)
                                      Start of year 1                             Year 1 - year 4                             End of year 4                 End of year 4 End of year 5 End of year 6



                          1. 	Pre-grant individual                   2. 	A ssessment of LTEA                    3. 	Pre-vest individual                    4. 	A ssessment of Individual
                             performance, risk                           and LTVR performance                        performance, risk and                       performance, risk
                             management and                              measures                                    conduct assessment                          and conduct prior to
                             conduct assessment                                                                                                                  allocation of shares


                          Performance Criteria                        LTEA                                        Performance Criteria                        Performance Criteria




For personal use only
                          • Individual performance                    Non-financial measure: NAB                  • Individual performance                    • Individual performance
                          • Risk Management                           Group meets or exceeds risk                 • Risk Management                           • Risk Management
                                                                      expectations and maintains
                          • Conduct (How We Work)                                                                 • Conduct (How We Work)                     • Conduct (How We Work)
                                                                      an acceptable level of risk
                          Board discretion to adjust                  exposure within the agreed                  Board discretion to adjust                  Board discretion to adjust
                          outcome                                     appetite levels for risks                   outcome                                     outcome
                                                                      specific to NAB Group.                      Application                                 Application
                          Application
                          Number of awards granted                    LTVR                                        Vesting outcome determined                  Number of vested
                          determined by the Board                     Financial measure: Total                    by the Board                                performance rights that will
                                                                      Shareholder Return relative                                                             be exercised is modified by
                          Outcome                                                                                 Outcome
                                                                      to a peer group of                                                                      the Board where an event or
                          Performance rights granted                                                              Performance rights vest
                                                                      comparator companies.                                                                   matter justifies the adjustment

                                                                      Application                                                                             Outcome
                                                                      Preliminary vesting outcome                                                             Performance rights are
                                                                      determined by the Board                                                                 exercised and shares
                                                                                                                                                              are allocated

                        (1) Shares are allocated to the Group CEO in three equal tranches at the end of years 4, 5 and 6 (i.e., 33% per year). Shares are allocated to the Group Executives
                        in two equal tranches at the end of years 4 and 5 (i.e., 50% per year).


                        Individual performance, risk management, and conduct (How We Work) considerations are set out in our risk management and
                        conduct framework in Section 5.3.
                        The table below details the key features of the 2024 LTI award for the Group CEO and Group Executives.

                         Feature                  Description
                         Purpose                  The LTI award (comprising the LTEA and LTVR components) is granted by the Board to encourage long-term decision
                                                  making critical to creating long-term value for shareholders. The LTI is determined and awarded independently from
                                                  Annual VR decisions.
                         Participants             Group CEO and Group Executives as determined by the Board.
                         Award value              The maximum face value of the LTI award granted is 140% of FR for the Group CEO and Group Executives, with the LTEA
                                                  and LTVR components being weighted equally (i.e., each 70% of FR).
                                                  The actual value of the LTI award granted to the participant is determined by the Board based on the pre-
                                                  grant assessment.
                         Instrument               The LTI award (comprising the LTEA and LTVR components) is provided as performance rights.
                                                  Each vested performance right entitles its holder to receive one NAB share upon exercise.
                         Pre-grant                At the end of the preceding performance year, an individual assessment of each participant is undertaken to
                         assessment               determine the value of performance rights to be awarded to the participant.
                                                  The Board assesses each participant based on individual performance in the preceding performance year, and risk
                                                  and conduct considerations as detailed in our risk management and conduct framework in section 5.3.
                         Grant date               The 2024 LTI award (comprised of LTEA and LTVR components) was granted on 22 February 2024.
                         Allocation               The number of performance rights granted was calculated by dividing the LTEA and LTVR award face value by NAB's
                         approach                 weighted average share price over the last five trading days of the preceding financial year. The weighted average
                                                  share price used for the 2024 awards, which were allocated on 22 February 2024 was $28.92.
                         Performance              Four years from 15 November 2023 to 15 November 2027.
                         period
                         Assessment of            The LTEA and LTVR components are assessed against their respective performance measures over the performance
                         performance              period to determine the number of performance rights that are eligible for vesting.
                         measures


                        132   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                         Feature                      Description
                                                                              LTEA


                                                                                                                                                                                                                 About
                                                                              The risk management measure is a non-financial measure that tests whether NAB meets or exceeds risk
                                                                              expectations and maintains an acceptable level of risk exposure within the agreed appetite levels for risks
                                                                              specific to the Group over the performance period.
                                                                                                                                                                                                              this report
                                                                              LTVR
                                                                              The LTVR component is tested by assessing NAB's TSR performance relative to the peer group as calculated by
                                                                              an independent provider.
                                                                              TSR measures the return that a shareholder receives through dividends (and any other distributions) together




                                                 Long-term Incentive (LTI)
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Our business
                                                                              with capital gains over a specific period. For the purposes of calculating TSR over the performance period, the
                                                                              value of the relevant shares on the start date and the end date of the performance period are based on the
                                                                              volume weighted average price of those shares over the 30 trading days up to and including the relevant date.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                 in 2024
                                                                              NAB's TSR over the performance period is measured against the TSR of each company in the TSR peer group to
                                                                              determine the level of vesting:


                                                                              NAB's relative TSR outcome                                 Level of vesting
                                                                              At or above 75th percentile                                100%




                                                                                                                                                                                                                Creating value
                                                                              Between 50th and 75th percentiles                          Pro-rata vesting from 50% to 100%




For personal use only
                                                                              At 50th percentile                                         50%
                                                                              Below 50th percentile                                      0%
                                                                              The TSR peer group is AMP Limited, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited, Bank of Queensland
                                                                              Limited, Bendigo and Adelaide Bank Limited, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Insurance Australia Group
                                                                              Limited, Macquarie Group Limited, Medibank Private Limited, NIB Holdings Limited, QBE Insurance Group, Suncorp
                                                                              Group Limited and Westpac Banking Corporation.


                         Pre-vest                     Performance rights will vest at the end of the performance period subject to continued service and pre-vest
                         assessment                   individual performance, risk and conduct assessment. The Board assesses each participant based on individual
                                                      performance over the performance period, and risk and conduct considerations as detailed in our risk management
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Corporate
                                                      and conduct framework in Section 5.3.
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Governance
                                                      The Board has extensive discretion to downward adjust the number of performance rights vesting for each
                                                      participant, including to zero. Any performance rights that do not vest following testing will lapse.                                                   Statement
                         Exercise of                  The vested performance rights will be exercised and converted into shares:
                         vested                       •                      For the CEO, in three equal annual tranches commencing at the end of the performance period (i.e., 33%, 33% and
                         Performance                                         34% each year)
                         Rights
                                                      •                      For the ELT, in two equal annual tranches commencing at the end of the performance period (i.e., 50% per year)

                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Risk
                                                      Prior to the performance rights being exercised, the Board assesses each participant based on individual
                                                      performance over the performance period, and risk and conduct considerations as detailed in our risk management
                                                      and conduct framework in Section 5.3.

                                                                                                                                                                                                              management
                                                      The number of vested performance rights that can be exercised may be modified by the Board where an event or
                                                      matter justifies the adjustment.
                         Value of                     The final value delivered to each participant is determined by the number of performance rights that ultimately vest
                         final outcome                following testing, the number of vested performance rights which are exercised subject to individual performance,
                                                      risk and conduct assessment, and NAB's share price at the time of exercise.
                                                      The final value may be zero if performance measures are not achieved, or if the Board exercises its discretion to

                                                                                                                                                                                                                Report of
                                                      adjust any outcomes to zero.
                         Dividends                    No dividends are paid throughout the performance period. A dividend equivalent payment is paid for any vested
                                                      performance rights for the period between vesting and exercise.

                                                                                                                                                                                                              the Directors
                         Separation                   The treatment of performance rights will depend on the reason for separation:
                                                      •                      Resignation: performance rights will be forfeited in full
                                                      •                      All other circumstances including retrenchment and retirement: the performance rights will be retained in full
                                                                             unless otherwise determined by the Board in its absolute discretion
                                                                                                                                                    (1)




                                                      Any performance rights a participant continues to hold will remain subject to the relevant performance measure,




                                                                                                                                                                                                                Financial report
                                                      with the measure being tested in accordance with the normal timetable.
                         Board                        The Board has extensive discretion in respect of the LTEA and LTVR, including the initial value granted, the number of
                         discretion                   performance rights that vest, and any forfeiture or clawback applied. Further detail is provided in Section 5.2.
                         (1) For example, if a participant retires prior to the end of the financial year in which the performance rights are granted, generally the Board will exercise its discretion to
                             allow the participant to retain a pro-rata portion of the performance rights reflecting the proportion of the LTI performance period served when the retirement occurs




                                                                                                                                                                                                               Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                              information




                                                                                                                                                                             2024 Annual Report       133
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        Section 4 - Remuneration outcomes
                        4.1 Group CEO's performance

                        The table below shows the key 2024 performance measures for the Group CEO and Group Executives. The Board's assessment of
                        the Group CEO's performance is aligned to the Group's performance as informed by the GPI, while considering risk and individual
                        conduct matters which may be applied to modify the final remuneration outcome.
                        The GPI is linked to the Group's key strategic priorities having regard to both financial and non-financial performance
                        including matters relating to reputation, culture, quality of performance, or any other matters that might impact performance.
                        Progress on sustainability matters is also considered, including progress against sustainability priorities, support for customers
                        (including affordable housing, First Nations affairs, customers experiencing vulnerability, and scam and fraud prevention), and
                        community initiatives.
                        The 2024 GPI achieved at 90% of target. As part of our governance process, the GPI outcome may also be modified by the Board
                        due to unsatisfactory risk or conduct findings. The Group Risk Performance assessment, undertaken by the Group Chief Risk
                        Officer, reviewed the Group’s practices and presented the findings to the Board and the Board Risk & Compliance Committee.
                        The Board did not apply its discretion to modify the final GPI outcome.

                        Group CEO performance outcome
                        The Board has considered the performance of the new and previous Group CEO in line with NAB's group performance, risk, and




For personal use only
                        conduct frameworks.



                                                                                                                       Target*

                                                                                                           *Outcomes above target indicate outperformance
                         Goal, objective and assessment                                        Weighting   Scorecard outcome               Outcome(1)
                         Financial: Deliver attractive returns, safe growth and the
                         financial plan                                                                         Cash Earnings
                         Financial performance was slightly below plan. The Group's               25%                                        23.5%
                         balance sheet maintained good momentum with strong liquidity                           Outcome: $6,879m
                         through 2024.                                                                           Target: $7,097m

                         •    Return on total allocated equity (expected loss basis)(2) of
                              11.93% was 23 basis points unfavourable to budget.                                     ROTAE
                         •    Cash earnings (expected loss basis)(3) of $6,879 million was
                                                                                                  25%                                        24.1%
                              $218 million or 3.1% unfavourable to budget.
                                                                                                                 Outcome: 11.93%
                         •    Market Share(4)performance across key categories was                                Target: 12.16%
                              below expectations.
                         •    Financial performance reflected a weaker revenue                                  Market Share
                              performance primarily as a result of ongoing competitive
                              pressures, partially offset by balance sheet momentum and           10%                                         8.4%
                              higher expenses.                                                               Outcome range: 0.6x - 1.1x
                                                                                                              Target range: 0.8x - 1.2x

                         Customers: Deliver a great customer experience and grow
                         customer advocacy
                         Continued support for our customers when they needed us
                         most, including when they were experiencing financial difficulty,
                         vulnerability or when they needed to raise a complaint.
                         •    Corporate and Institutional Banking NPS(5) leads peers and
                              maintains a significant lead in the relationship strength
                              index, outperforming target(6).
                         •    Mass Consumer NPS maintained #2 ranking(7) among the
                              major Australian banks and improved to -1, 3 points above
                              the 2023 baseline(8).
                         •    Business NPS maintained #2 ranking(7) among the major
                              Australian banks and was 5 points below the 2023 baseline
                              at +8(9), this decline was in line with peers. Second half of                        Customer
                              2024 saw improvements across all customer segments.                 20%                                         15%
                         •    High Net Worth and Mass Affluent NPS moved to #1(7) of the
                              major Australian banks and became positive at +4, 11 points
                              above baseline(10).
                         •    Continued improvement to complaints handling and
                              resolution and regulatory completion of major Wealth
                              remediation programs.
                         •    Provided (or facilitated) $7 billion in environmental finance
                              to customers, towards our $80 billion 2030 environmental
                              financing ambition, including through Green Finance for
                              Equipment, Agri Green Loan, and Green Commercial
                              Real Estate.
                         •    Supported customers through affordable and specialist
                              housing of $2.2bn in lending, First Nations business financing
                              of $463.8m, and no interest loans of $64m.



                        134   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                         Colleagues: Lead cultural change through energy, positivity,
                         simplicity and engaged colleagues                                          Colleague Engagement
                                                                                             7.5%                                         8.6%
                         Colleague engagement increased steadily throughout the year
                                                                                                                                                                   About
                         achieving an average colleague engagement score of 78 for
                         2024, against target of 77, which was a top quartile outcome(11).

                                                                                                                                                                this report
                         •   Gender representation of women in Leadership (Group 4 –
                             6) roles improved (0.5% increase) however was below target
                             of 1.4%.                                                                 Gender Equality
                         •   Redefined Colleague Strategy within the evolved Group           7.5%                                         3.9%
                             strategic ambition.
                         •   Implemented 'My Next Move' to maximise redeployment
                             opportunities across NAB, and single view of

                                                                                                                                                                Our business
                             workforce reporting.
                         Safe Growth: Support the Group Strategy through gradual


                                                                                                                                                                   in 2024
                         elimination of complex and ageing technology
                         The Technology Modernisation Score (TMS) reduction target for
                         2024 was 10% of the technology estate, a 15.5% reduction was                       TMS
                         delivered, exceeding target.                                        5%                                           6.5%
                         •   The ongoing modernisation of our technology systems has
                             improved customer and colleague experience in key areas
                             including Lending and Everyday Banking Origination, fraud &




                                                                                                                                                                  Creating value




For personal use only
                             scams avoidance, customer onboarding & mastering.


                         Qualitative assessment                                                                         Outcome
                         Risk modifier:
                         Regulatory, breach management, progress on matters of
                         interest, losses associated with operational events and
                         remediation costs, reputation
                         •   APRA recognised improvement in non-financial risk
                             management and risk culture by lifting a $500m capital
                             overlay on 12 March, in recognition of the formal closure of                                                                       Corporate
                             the Governance Risk and Transformation program (GRiT) and
                             deficiencies identified in 2018 Self-assessment.                                                                                  Governance
                                                                                                                        Achieved+
                                                                                                                                                                Statement
                         •   Maintained stable risk profiles despite economic headwinds,
                             including financial crime, with metrics stable or improving,
                             and the on-schedule delivery of the AUSTRAC EU.
                         •   Fraud and scam challenges continue, however NAB has
                             delivered investment across the use of biometrics and
                             other technology to detect fraud and scams, continued


                                                                                                                                                                   Risk
                             engagement with Government and relevant agencies
                             regarding legislative reform, and introduced payment alerts
                             for customers resulting in more than $100m in potential scam


                                                                                                                                                                management
                             payments being saved for customers.
                         How We Work modifier: Individual conduct and demonstration
                         of NAB's values
                         The new Group CEO demonstrated the Group's values and
                         supported the Group's desired culture:
                         •   Seamless transition into Group CEO role, swift process to
                             identify ELT talent and succession, and purposeful and

                                                                                                                                                                  Report of
                             regular engagement with colleagues.
                         •   Excellent progress establishing credibility and relationships


                                                                                                                                                                the Directors
                             with key external stakeholders, including positive impact as
                             ABA Chair and safeguarding cash in transit services.
                         •   Active role in shaping emerging cultural shift driving
                                                                                                                        Achieved
                             unrelenting focus on customers, and extensive engagement
                             with key customers on a regular basis.
                         The previous Group CEO demonstrated the Group's values and
                         supported the Group's desired culture:




                                                                                                                                                                  Financial report
                         •   Consistently drove accountability and performance
                             focus, and demonstrated disciplined leadership of
                             strategy delivery.
                         •   Continued to role model Customer Service Behaviours with
                             extensive engagement with key customers.
                         •   Strong and appropriate contribution towards the CEO
                             succession process and subsequent transition.
                         Board approved GPI outcome                                                                        90%



                                                                                                                                                                 Additional

                                                                                                                                                                information




                                                                                                                                    2024 Annual Report   135
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                         Overall CEO Outcomes
                         The new Group CEO's overall outcome was assessed as Achieved
                         reflecting his positive impact while maintaining momentum, and
                         building solid external relationships, including his capacity as
                         Chair of the ABA, as well as role- modelling an unrelenting focus                                                       90% of target opportunity(12)
                         on customer obsession and service mindset.
                                                                                                                                                68% of maximum opportunity
                         The previous Group CEO's overall outcome was assessed as
                         Achieved reflecting his disciplined leadership to progress the
                         strategic agenda, removal of the APRA operational risk capital
                         overlay, as well as role- modelling individual conduct and
                         NAB Values.
                         (1) Outcome shown as a percentage relative to the percentage weighting of the performance measure.
                         (2) Return on Total Allocated Equity on an expected loss basis remains sensitive to changes in the risk profile of the Group's portfolio. Statutory net profit for the period
                              amounted to $6,960 million.
                         (3) Calculation on an expected loss basis provides a view that is reflective of long-term underlying business performance and is less volatile than the Credit Impairment
                              Charge view which in individual years can be impacted by large movements in economic adjustments and forward looking adjustments.
                         (4) Market Share is assessed by each product individually. Outcome and Target ranges displayed are based on the minimum and maximum values across the product
                              lines. Products include Australia Home Lending (20%, APRA), Australia SME Lending (30%, RBA), Australia Household & Business Deposits (excluding Financial Institutions
                              and Government) (50%, APRA). Market Share movement results are July 2023 to July 2024.
                         (5) Net Promoter® and NPS® are registered trademarks of Bain & Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc., and Fred Reichheld. Net Promoter ScoreSM is a service mark of Bain &
                              Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc., and Fred Reichheld.
                         (6) Outperforming target based on ranking in our target market, informed by an independent survey.




For personal use only
                         (7) Ranking based on absolute scores, not statistically significant differences and compared against major peers.
                         (8) Mass Consumer NPS: Sourced from RFI Global – Atlas, measured on 6 month rolling average to August 2024. Based on all consumers, 18+ and excludes consumers with
                              personal income of $260k+ and/or investible assets $2.5m+ and/or footings of over $850k.
                         (9) Business NPS: Sourced from RFI Global – Atlas, measured on 6 month rolling average to August 2024. Business Strategic NPS is constructed based on 25:25:50 weighting
                              of underlying segments, allocated to Nano & Micro: Small: Medium & Large, respectively. Nano & Micro (Businesses with a turnover up to $1m or $1m-$5m with no
                              perceived banker), Small (Businesses with a turnover $1m-$5m with a perceived banker), Medium & Large (Businesses with a turnover between $5m and <$200m).
                         (10) High Net Worth & Mass Affluent NPS: Sourced from RFI Global – Atlas, measured on 6 month rolling average to August 2024. Based on all consumers, 18+, includes Mass
                              Affluent customers ($850k to $2.5M footings OR $260k+ personal income with less than $850k in footings and less than $2.5m in investible assets) and High Net Worth
                              customers ($2.5m+ in footings or have investible assets of $2.5m+).
                         (11) Top quartile is based upon Glint's client group (domestic and global, from all industries). Employee Engagement Survey Result conducted using Glint, score based on
                              July 2024 survey. Includes Australia, New Zealand, and all global colleagues. Population excludes ubank, external consultants, and outsource service providers. For the
                              purposes of the GPI and Group CEO Scorecard, colleague engagement score is 78.5 and excludes BNZ.
                         (12) The calculation for the Group CEO is as follows: FR x target VR opportunity x GPI x Individual Performance Multiplier.




                        136   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        4.2 In-year variable reward outcomes
                        The table below outlines the Annual VR outcome for the Group CEO and each Group Executive for 2024 compared to each

                                                                                                                                                                                           About
                        individual's target and maximum Annual VR opportunity. The variance in the individual scores reflects differences in performance
                        against individual scorecards.

                                                                                                                                                             % of                       this report
                                                                                            Maximum                                                     maximum         Annual
                                                                                              Annual               Total                         VR       Annual      VR actual
                                                                                                  VR              Annual        Annual    deferred            VR       as a % of
                                                                                          opportunity                VR        VR cash       rights   opportunity     VR target
                         Name                                                                           $                 $          $           $              %               %


                                                                                                                                                                                        Our business
                         Group CEO
                         Andrew Irvine (for part year)(1)                                      1,243,169          843,750       506,250     337,500            68               90


                                                                                                                                                                                           in 2024
                         Group Executives
                         Sharon Cook                                                           1,000,000          607,500       364,500     243,000            61               81
                         Shaun Dooley                                                            845,000          643,500       386,100     257,400            76               99
                         Nathan Goonan                                                         1,175,000          951,750       571,050     380,700            81           108
                         Andrew Irvine (for part year)(2)                                        618,361          419,662       251,797     167,865            68               90




                                                                                                                                                                                          Creating value




For personal use only
                         Leslie Matheson                                                       1,250,000          801,563       480,938     320,625            64               86
                         Rachel Slade                                                          1,300,000          877,500       526,500     351,000            68               90
                         Patrick Wright                                                        1,537,500        1,037,813       622,688     415,125            68               90
                         Daniel Huggins                                                        1,180,123          941,960       565,176     376,784            80           106
                         Sarah White                                                             900,000          637,875       382,725     255,150            71               95
                         Ana Marinkovic (for part year)                                          487,022          262,992       157,795     105,197            54               72
                         Cathryn Carver (for part year)                                          289,071          175,610       105,366      70,244            61               81
                         Former Group Executives                                                                                                                                        Corporate
                         Ross McEwan (for part year)                                                                                                           68               90
                                                                                                                                                                                       Governance
                                                                                               1,263,661          852,972       511,783     341,189
                         David Gall (for part year)                                              924,180          748,586       449,152     299,434            81           108
                         Angela Mentis (for part year)                                                  -                 -           -           -             -                -      Statement
                         Total                                                              14,013,087         9,803,033      5,881,820   3,921,213            70               92
                         (1) Relates to Andrew Irvine's role as Group CEO from 2 April 2024.
                         (2) Relates to Andrew Irvine's previous role as Group Executive, Business and Private Banking.



                                                                                                                                                                                           Risk

                                                                                                                                                                                        management




                                                                                                                                                                                          Report of


                                                                                                                                                                                        the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                          Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                         Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                        information




                                                                                                                                                           2024 Annual Report    137
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        4.3 Historical outcomes

                        Historical CEO and Group Executive performance
                        The table below summarises the variable reward outcomes for the Group CEO and Group Executives over the last five years,
                        including vesting of LTVR awards relating to prior periods.

                                                                                                                               2024            2023           2022            2021           2020
                            Group CEO Actual VR (% of AVR Target)                                                                90%           108%            111%           121%              0%
                            Average Group Executives Actual VR (% of AVR Target)            (1)                                  92%           101%             97%           124%              0%
                            LTVR award - four year performance period (% of total award vested)(2)                             100%             n/a(3)          66%            56%             38%
                            LTVR award - five year performance period (% of total award vested)(4)                               n/a            n/a             n/a            n/a             35%
                            NAB's four year relative TSR (S&P/ASX50)(5)                                                          n/a            n/a             n/a            n/a            23rd
                            NAB's four year relative TSR (Top Financial Services peer group)(5)(6)                             75th             n/a            71st            71st           57th
                            NAB's five year relative TSR (S&P/ASX50)       (5)                                                   n/a            n/a             n/a            n/a           22nd
                            NAB's five year relative TSR (Top Financial Services peer group)(5)(7)                               n/a            n/a             n/a            n/a            57th
                            (1) The maximum Annual VR opportunity has changed over time, consistent with the relevant Annual VR plan.The maximum Annual VR opportunity decreased from 150%
                                previous year to 100% in 2024.




For personal use only
                            (2) The amount shown for 2022 is the portion of the total 2017 LTI award that vested and for 2021 is the portion of the total 2016 LTI award that vested. Both awards were
                                measured over a four year performance period, against relevant peer groups.
                            (3) NAB did not award any LTVR in 2018 and therefore there was no award to be tested for vesting in 2023.
                            (4) The amount shown for 2020 is the percentage of the total 2014 LTI award that vested. This award was measured over a five year performance period against relevant
                                peer groups.
                            (5) Measured over the performance period of the relevant LTVR award.
                            (6) The Top Financial Services peer group for all awards is: AMP Limited, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited, Bank of Queensland Limited, Bendigo & Adelaide
                                Bank Limited, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Suncorp Group Limited and Westpac Banking Corporation.
                            (7) The Top Financial Services peer group for all awards was: AMP Limited, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited, Bank of Queensland Limited, Bendigo & Adelaide
                                Bank Limited, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Suncorp Group Limited and Westpac Banking Corporation.


                        Historical Group performance
                        The table below shows the Group's annual financial performance over the last five years and its impact on shareholder value,
                        taking into account dividend payments, share price changes, and other capital adjustments during the period.

                            Financial performance measure                                                                      2024            2023           2022            2021           2020
                            Basic earnings per share (cents)                                                                  227.9            238.0          219.3           196.3          112.7
                            Cash earnings ($m)(1)                                                                             7,102            7,731          7,104           6,558          3,710
                            Dividends paid per share ($)                                                                        1.68            1.61           1.40            0.90           1.13
                            Company share price at start of year ($)                                                          29.07            28.81          27.83           17.75          29.70
                            Company share price at end of year ($)                                                            37.35            29.07          28.81           27.83          17.75
                            Absolute Total Shareholder Return - latest financial year                                         34.3%             6.5%           8.6%          61.9%          (36.4%)
                            Absolute Total Shareholder Return - rolling four financial year period                           141.9%           14.9%           22.5%            6.9%         (11.5%)
                            (1) Information is presented on a continuing operations basis, unless otherwise stated.


                        Sustainability within our remuneration framework
                        Our strategic ambition, to serve customers well and help our communities prosper, is reflected in the measures that determine
                        performance and remuneration across NAB. Sustainability related performance is part of this process and is applied within our
                        GPI and qualitative assessment of performance, as well as Group CEO, Group Executive and colleague scorecards.
                        The governance and oversight of how these measures are set, reviewed and linked to the Group CEO and Group Executives'
                        remuneration outcomes are in accordance with the Group's governance and oversight framework outlined in Section 5.1.
                        Our approach has been consistent since 2020 when the current Group Strategy was implemented.

                        Examples of sustainability within our performance framework
                        The list below provides some examples of the types of sustainability related matters that have been incorporated into the
                        assessments of the Group CEO and Group Executives' performance in 2024. For specific Group Executives, sustainability related
                        measures are included within their individual performance scorecards.
                        •    Progress against sustainability priorities:
                             – Climate change: Increasing support for customers through product and service development, and safe growth in
                                environmental financing including progress against NAB’s environmental finance ambition; progress against existing, and
                                establishing additional 2030 sector decarbonisation targets; building operational maturity and colleague capability.
                             – Affordable and specialist housing: Progress against NAB’s affordable and specialist housing ambition and development of
                               NAB’s specialised customer proposition in target growth areas.
                             – Indigenous business advancement: Progress against NAB’s Indigenous business strategy including growth of a
                               specialised banking team, and safe growth in financing to Indigenous businesses against NAB’s First Nations business
                               financing ambition.




                        138     National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                             – Natural disaster support: Support provided to customers, colleagues and communities, volunteer participation through
                               major partnerships.


                                                                                                                                                                                                          About
                        •    Positive customer outcomes: Including NPS measures, meaningful action on customer complaints, appropriate support for
                             customers experiencing vulnerability, actions taken to build customer awareness and reduce the impact of fraud and scams.

                                                                                                                                                                                                       this report
                        •    Positive colleague outcomes: Colleague engagement, gender equality, inclusion and diversity.
                        Individual performance modifiers for Risk and How We Work (conduct and values) also consider sustainability related matters, and
                        therefore may influence final assessed performance.
                        Further information on NAB’s approach to managing climate change and other sustainability related matters is provided in NAB’s
                        2024 Climate Report.


                                                                                                                                                                                                       Our business
                        4.4 Long-term incentive granted in 2024
                        The Board assessed the Group CEO and all Group Executives as having met the pre-grant performance, risk management

                                                                                                                                                                                                          in 2024
                        and conduct assessments and accordingly, determined that each would be granted the 2024 LTI award, comprising the LTEA
                        component and the LTVR component, each with a face value of 70% of FR (i.e., a total value of 140% of FR). The LTI award (LTEA and
                        LTVR components) was granted in February 2024. Details of the pre-grant assessment can be found in Section 3.3.
                        The pre-grant assessments and outcomes are as follows:




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Creating value
                            Pre-grant Assessment(1)                                                                                                                 Outcome




For personal use only
                            Individual Performance                                                                                                                  Met
                            Risk Management                                                                                                                         Met
                            Conduct (How We Work)                                                                                                                   Met
                            LTI award granted (%)                                                                                                                   100%
                            (1) Factors considered for the pre-grant assessment can be found in section 5.2.


                        Changes to LTI award grants
                        On appointment as Group CEO, Andrew Irvine was provided with an additional grant of performance rights under the LTI plan in                                                   Corporate
                        respect of the 2024 financial year, in addition to the LTI performance rights already awarded in connection with his previous role.
                        The additional performance rights are a “top up” grant to reflect the period of the 2024 financial year Mr Irvine served in the Group                                         Governance
                        CEO role. Changes to Mr Irvine's 2024 LTI award are summarised below:
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Statement
                            Group Executive                    Initial number granted                   Additional grant / reduction                  Total performance rights granted
                                                                                                                                                      for 2024
                            Andrew Irvine, Group CEO           29,770 performance rights                Additional 15,286 performance                 45,056 performance rights under
                            and Managing Director              under the LTEA plan                      rights under the LTEA plan                    the LTEA plan

                                                                                                                                                                                                          Risk
                                                               29,770 performance rights                Additional 15,286 performance                 45,056 performance rights under
                                                               under the LTVR plan                      rights under the LTVR plan                    the LTVR plan


                        Following Ross McEwan’s retirement from NAB, the Board determined that Mr McEwan’s allocation of LTI performance rights                                                        management
                        approved by the shareholders at the 2023 Annual General Meeting should be reduced to reflect the period of his service to 1 July
                        2024. Changes to Mr McEwan's 2024 LTI award are summarised below:

                            Group Executive                     Initial number granted                  Additional grant / reduction                    Total performance rights


                                                                                                                                                                                                         Report of
                                                                                                                                                        granted for 2024
                            Ross McEwan, previous               60,511 performance rights               Reduction of 15,128 performance                 45,383 performance rights under
                            Group CEO and                       under the LTEA plan                     rights under the LTEA plan                      the LTEA plan


                                                                                                                                                                                                       the Directors
                            Managing Director                   60,511 performance rights               Reduction of 15,128 performance                 45,383 performance rights under
                                                                under the LTVR plan                     rights under the LTVR plan                      the LTVR plan


                        4.5 Prior year long-term VR awards




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Financial report
                        (a) LTVR award testing
                        The TSR performance hurdle for the 2019 LTVR award (granted in February 2020) was tested at the end of 2023 following the end
                        of the four year performance period. NAB's TSR was at the 75th percentile relative to the peer group, resulting in 100% of the
                        performance rights vesting.

                                                                                        Performance                                                           % of rights           % of rights
                            Performance measure                                            period              % of award                    Result              vested                 lapsed
                            NAB's TSR relative to Top Financial Services                15/11/2019 to               100                     75th                     100%                     0%
                            peer group(1)(2)                                             15/11/2023                                   percentile

                                                                                                                                                                                                        Additional
                                                                                                                                         ranking
                            (1) The peer group for this performance hurdle was: AMP Limited, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited, Bank of Queensland Limited, Bendigo & Adelaide Bank


                                                                                                                                                                                                       information
                                Limited, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Macquarie Group Limited, Suncorp Group Limited and Westpac Banking Corporation.
                            (2) TSR is based on the 30 trading day volume weighted average price of the relevant shares up to and including the start and end of the performance period.




                                                                                                                                                                        2024 Annual Report      139
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        (b) Overview of unvested long-term awards
                        The following is a summary of the unvested long-term awards held by the Group CEO and Group Executives.

                                                          Grant                                             Vesting
                         Award                            date            Performance period                 date        Performance measures
                         LTVR allocated in 2021(1)      24/02/2021      15/11/2020 to 15/11/2024          22/12/2024     NAB's TSR performance against a financial services
                                                                                                                         peer group
                         LTVR allocated in 2022(1) 23/02/2022            15/11/2021 to 15/11/2025         22/12/2025     NAB's TSR performance against a financial services
                                                                                                                         peer group
                         LTVR allocated in 2023(1) 23/02/2023           15/11/2022 to 15/11/2026          22/12/2026     NAB's TSR performance against a financial services
                                                                                                                         peer group
                         LTEA allocated in 2024(1) 22/02/2024           15/11/2023 to 15/11/2027          22/12/2027     Assessment against NAB's risk expectations and
                                                                                                                         risk appetite
                         LTVR allocated in 2024(1) 22/02/2024           15/11/2023 to 15/11/2027          22/12/2027     NAB's TSR performance against a financial services
                                                                                                                         peer group
                         (1) The LTEA and LTVR awards were granted based on individual performance, risk and conduct outcomes relative to the preceding performance year.




For personal use only




                        140   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        4.6 Realised remuneration


                                                                                                                                                                                                       About
                        The table below is a voluntary non-statutory disclosure that shows the realised remuneration the Group CEO and each Group
                        Executive received during 2024. The amounts shown include fixed remuneration, and equity and cash-based awards that vested
                        in 2024. The table provides shareholders with enhanced transparency of remuneration received by Executives. The table is not
                        prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and this information differs from the statutory remuneration table                                              this report
                        (in Section 6).

                                                                                              2024                               Prior years
                                                                            Fixed           Annual      Total          LTI      Other                            Total               Equity


                                                                                                                                                                                                    Our business
                                                                     remuneration(1)       VR cash      2024 Performance      vested/                         realised          forfeited /(4)
                                                                                                 remuneration      Rights(2)     paid(3)                  remuneration              lapsed(2)
                                                                                                                         remuneration(2)


                                                                                                                                                                                                       in 2024
                         Name                                                        $             $               $                $               $                     $                 $
                         Group CEO
                         Andrew Irvine (for part year)            2024    1,237,544        506,250       1,743,794                  -               -           1,743,794                   -


                         Group Executives




                                                                                                                                                                                                      Creating value




For personal use only
                         Sharon Cook                              2024       960,525       364,500       1,325,025          916,259         207,623             2,448,907                   -
                                                                  2023       966,371        460,097       1,426,468                 -        421,622             1,848,090                  -
                         Shaun Dooley                             2024    1,295,518        386,100       1,681,618        1,018,065         208,579             2,908,262                   -
                                                                  2023     1,219,188        435,881       1,655,069                 -        121,496             1,776,565                  -
                         Nathan Goonan                            2024    1,163,769        571,050       1,734,819                  -       202,008             1,936,827                   -
                                                                  2023       972,004        532,508       1,504,512                 -        196,018             1,700,530                  -
                         Andrew Irvine (for part year)            2024       627,067       251,797         878,864                  -     1,447,626             2,326,490                   -

                                                                                                                                                                                                    Corporate
                                                                  2023     1,220,937        719,550       1,940,487                 -      1,060,691             3,001,178                  -
                         Les Matheson                             2024    1,187,613        480,938       1,668,551                  -       218,912             1,887,463                   -
                                                                  2023     1,068,057        532,744       1,600,801                 -        113,708             1,714,509                  -      Governance
                         Rachel Slade                             2024    1,261,151        526,500       1,787,651        1,191,136         341,930             3,320,717                   -       Statement
                                                                  2023     1,220,937        664,200       1,885,137                 -        577,998             2,463,135                  -
                         Patrick Wright                           2024    1,539,185        622,688       2,161,873        1,985,257         418,982             4,566,112                   -
                                                                  2023     1,526,171        795,656       2,321,827                 -      2,099,910             4,421,737                  -


                                                                                                                                                                                                       Risk
                         Daniel Huggins                           2024    1,195,010        565,176       1,760,186                  -       741,500             2,501,686                   -
                                                                  2023     1,141,636        608,240       1,749,876                 -        187,776             1,937,652                  -


                                                                                                                                                                                                    management
                         Sarah White                              2024       900,987       382,725       1,283,712                  -        76,971             1,360,683                   -
                                                                  2023       105,814                 -      105,814                 -               -              105,814                  -
                         Ana Marinkovic (for part year)           2024       486,977       157,795         644,772                  -     1,007,445             1,652,217                   -
                         Cathryn Carver (for part year)           2024       289,679       105,366         395,045                  -     1,172,428             1,567,473                   -




                                                                                                                                                                                                      Report of
                         Former Group Executives
                         Ross McEwan (for part year)              2024    1,265,753        511,783       1,777,536                  -       719,353             2,496,890                   -



                                                                                                                                                                                                    the Directors
                                                                  2023     2,494,509      1,350,000       3,844,509                 -        432,063             4,276,572                  -
                         David Gall (for part year)               2024    1,566,691        449,152       2,015,843        1,588,212         363,411             3,967,466                   -
                                                                  2023     1,220,965        691,875       1,912,840                 -        234,448             2,147,288                  -
                         Angela Mentis (for part year)            2024       730,096                 -     730,096        1,588,212         362,148             2,680,456                   -
                                                                  2023     1,834,347        608,850       2,443,197                 -      1,225,383             3,668,580                  -




                                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial report
                         Susan Ferrier                            2023     1,376,319        329,598       1,705,917                 -        118,051             1,823,968                  -
                         Gary Lennon                              2023     1,681,268        583,481       2,264,749                 -        520,867             2,785,616                  -


                         (1) Includes cash salary, superannuation and payments on separation consistent with the statutory remuneration table in Section 6.1, excluding accrued annual
                             leave entitlements.
                         (2) The value of equity awards is calculated using NAB's closing share price on the vesting or forfeiture or lapsing date.
                         (3) Amounts related to other vested equity or cash-based remuneration from prior years. This includes VR deferred rights, commencement awards, shares received under
                             the General Employee Share Offer and dividends accumulated during the vesting period on VR vesting in the year. Details of the vested equity awards are provided in
                             Section 6.2.
                         (4) Awards or remuneration lapsed or forfeited during 2024. Details of the awards are provided in Section 6.2.

                                                                                                                                                                                                     Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                    information




                                                                                                                                                                    2024 Annual Report      141
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        Section 5 - Governance, risk and consequence
                        5.1 Remuneration governance and oversight

                                                                                                       Shareholders

                                                                                          NAB Board
                                             Reviews and approves remuneration related recommendations from the People & Remuneration Committee



                                People & Remuneration Committee                                        Audit Committee                                                  External Advisors
                                Assists the Board to discharge its                                     Customer Committee                                               May be engaged
                                responsibilities relating to people and                                Nomination & Governance Committee                                to independently
                                remuneration strategies, policies and practices                        Provide expert, independent reports                              review the Group’s
                                of the Group, including sustainability related                         and information as required.                                     remuneration
                                risk and performance measures.                                                                                                          framework, policy and
                                                                                                       Present the “voice” of customers and
                                This remit focuses on long-term sustainable                                                                                             practices to assist the




For personal use only
                                                                                                       incorporate the customer experience in
                                policy settings that foster the desired culture                        performance and reward outcomes.                                 People & Remuneration
                                while reinforcing compliance with NAB’s Code                                                                                            Committee and Board
                                of Conduct and fulfilling regulatory                                   Provide input to setting measures and
                                                                                                                                                                        by providing relevant
                                requirements across jurisdictions in which the                         targets and assessing performance.
                                                                                                                                                                        insights to inform
                                Group operates.                                                        Refer any relevant matter which may
                                                                                                                                                                        decision making.
                                                                                                       impact performance and remuneration
                                Consults with Risk & Compliance Committee                                                                                               Independent external
                                                                                                       outcomes.
                                and Group CRO to enable risk outcomes to be                                                                                             advisors do not make
                                appropriately reflected in remuneration                                                                                                 any decisions on
                                outcomes for colleagues in specified roles.                                                                                             behalf of the People
                                                                                                       Risk & Compliance Committee                                      & Remuneration
                                                                                                       The Group CRO and Executive, Internal                            Committee or
                                                                                                       Audit have standing invitations to attend                        the Board
                              Executive Remuneration Committee                                         People & Remuneration Committee
                              Makes recommendations to the People &                                    meetings.
                              Remuneration Committee and the Board about
                                                                                                       Overlapping membership with the People
                              the impact of risk, conduct, performance and
                                                                                                       & Remuneration Committee to facilitate
                              other issues on variable remuneration outcomes
                                                                                                       escalation. Joint meetings with the People
                              for current or former employees (excluding the
                                                                                                       & Remuneration Committee may also be
                              Group CEO and Group Executives). Membership
                                                                                                       held when required.
                              is comprised of the:
                              • Group Executive People and Culture                                     Consulted by the People & Remuneration
                                                                                                       Committee on the risk and conduct
                              • Group Chief Risk Officer
                                                                                                       assessments of the ELT, and the Group in
                              • Group Executive Legal and Commercial                                   the context of the GPI .



                        5.2 Board discretion in relation to remuneration
                        The Board has absolute discretion to adjust the Rewards(1) of any employee down, or to zero, where appropriate, including in
                        circumstances where Group or individual performance, risk or individual conduct outcomes have changed over time since the
                        Reward was provided, or for an act or omission that has impacted performance, risk or conduct outcomes. Adjustments include,
                        but are not limited to:
                        •    Determining the initial value of Rewards and varying their terms and conditions, including the performance measures.
                        •    Determining that some, or all, of the unvested Rewards be forfeited or extending the deferral period at any time for any
                             Rewards including due to the conduct standards in the Code not being met or following the occurrence of a Malus Event(2).
                        •    Determining that some, or all, of the unvested Rewards held by the Group CEO, Group Executives and colleagues in Specified
                             Roles(3) be forfeited including due to performance, risk or conduct outcomes.
                        •    Clawing back paid and vested Rewards (to the extent legally permissible).




                            (1) In this section, the term 'Rewards' refers to all forms of variable reward including cash provided under a VR plan, deferred VR (cash and equity) to be paid or granted,
                                LTEA and LTVR performance rights and any VR granted in previous years.
                            (2) Examples include where the executive has failed to comply with their accountability obligations under the FAR; has engaged in fraud, dishonesty, gross misconduct,
                                behaviour that may negatively impact the Group's long-term financial soundness or prudential standing or behaviour that brings NAB into disrepute; or has materially
                                breached a representation, warranty, undertaking or obligation to the Group.
                            (3) Colleagues in roles defined under Australian Prudential Regulation Authority CPS 511 Remuneration Standard, Remuneration Part of the PRA Rulebook; SYSC 19D of the FCA
                                Handbook; and Senior Managers and Certification Regime (UK) and Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament.


                        142     National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        People & Remuneration Committee
                        On behalf of the Board, the Committee's responsibilities include:

                                                                                                                                                                     About
                        •   Monitoring the effectiveness of the Colleague Strategy.
                        •   Developing and maintaining an effective Remuneration Policy and ensuring governance in its application.
                        •   Making recommendations to the Board in relation to the performance, risk, conduct and remuneration outcomes for the                   this report
                            Group CEO, Group Executives, colleagues in Specified Roles and other persons determined by the Board and ensuring
                            outcomes are responsible and consistent with the Group's strategy and risk appetite.
                        •   Consideration of the findings of risk and conduct assessments for the Group CEO, Group Executives, colleagues in Specified
                            Roles and other persons determined by the Board and determination of consequences.


                                                                                                                                                                  Our business
                        •   Oversight of the Group's people and remuneration strategies, frameworks, policies and practices to ensure compliance with
                            legal and regulatory requirements (for example, CPS 511), market practice and trends and the expectations of customers
                            and shareholders.
                        Further detail about the Committee is provided in our Corporate Governance Statement (on page 84) and in the People &                        in 2024
                        Remuneration Committee Charter which is available on nab.com.au.




                                                                                                                                                                    Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                 Governance
                                                                                                                                                                  Statement




                                                                                                                                                                     Risk

                                                                                                                                                                  management




                                                                                                                                                                    Report of


                                                                                                                                                                  the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                   Additional

                                                                                                                                                                  information




                                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report   143
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        5.3 Conduct, risk and consequence management
                        The Committee regularly reviews Group and individual outcomes for risk, reputation, conduct and performance considerations.
                        This includes oversight of the Group's Employee Conduct Management Framework (Framework) which supports an appropriate
                        risk culture across the Group. The Board, Group CEO and Group Executives influence culture by focusing on leadership behaviour,
                        systems and colleagues, reinforced through performance and remuneration outcomes.

                        How conduct and risk are integrated in our remuneration framework


                                               Conduct management                                          Risk assessment

                         Scope                 • Applies to all colleagues including the Group CEO and     • Applies to all colleagues including the Group CEO
                                                 Group Executives                                            and Group Executives
                                               • Colleagues are required to comply with the Code and       • All colleagues (excluding the Group CEO) have a
                                                 the Group's Employee Conduct Management                     mandatory risk goal in their annual performance
                                                 Framework                                                   scorecard. The Group CEO has a risk modifier applied
                                                                                                             to his annual VR outcome

                         Individual            • Throughout the year: Leaders assess the severity of any employee conduct and risk matters and determine
                         assessment              the appropriate consequence depending on the severity of the matter




For personal use only
                                                 Consequences may include any combination of coaching, counselling, formal warnings, termination of
                                                 employment, impacts to in-year performance assessment, reduction to VR outcomes and the application of
                                                 malus or clawback
                                               • Quarterly: Risk goals are discussed during quarterly performance check-ins. Conduct matters and risk issues
                                                 are discussed as appropriate
                                               • At year end: Leaders undertake a holistic conduct history review and evaluate achievement of the risk goal.
                                                 These are translated into the colleague’s performance rating. Remuneration decisions are informed by the
                                                 performance rating

                         Executive             • In assessing conduct and consequence, each                • Divisional Chief Risk Officers provide oversight,
                         and Board               business and enabling unit maintains a Professional         challenge and independent input into the
                         oversight               Standards Forum which makes recommendations to              performance review process
                                                 the Executive Remuneration Committee
                                                                                                           • The Group Chief Risk Officer prepares a detailed
                                               • The Executive Remuneration Committee oversees the           assessment of the risk outcomes for the Group CEO
                                                 effectiveness of the Framework, reviews material            and each of the Group Executives
                                                 events, accountability and the application of suitable
                                                                                                           • The Risk & Compliance Committee reviews and
                                                 consequences
                                                                                                             challenges the Group Chief Risk Officer’s risk
                                               • The People & Remuneration Committee and the                 management performance assessments. These
                                                 Board oversee VR adjustments for the Group CEO and          assessments and the Risk & Compliance Committee’s
                                                 Group Executives, as well as certain colleagues in          views are considered by the Board in determining
                                                 designated roles as required by CPS 511                     individual VR outcomes for the Group CEO and Group
                                                                                                             Executives
                                                                                                           • The VR for the Group CEO, Group Executives and
                                                                                                             employees will be reduced and other consequences
                                                                                                             may be applied if risk is not appropriately managed

                         Potential             • Risk adjustment: On recommendation from the People & Remuneration Committee, the Board may adjust the
                         impacts on              in-year funding level of VR outcomes. The Board may also reduce VR for individuals to align with employee conduct
                         remuneration            or risk outcomes
                                               • Malus: Grant and vesting of all VR is subject to the employee meeting the conduct standards outlined in the Code
                                                 and risk expectations. The Board may determine that unvested awards should be adjusted or forfeited (including
                                                 to zero) in circumstances where these conduct standards or risk expectations are not met
                                               • Clawback: Clawback may be applied to paid and vested VR provided to any colleague including the Group CEO
                                                 and Group Executives




                        144   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        Improvements to the risk management and conduct framework in 2024
                        The risk management and conduct framework was reviewed and updated in 2023 to comply with CPS 511 requirements. The review

                                                                                                                                                                                                         About
                        resulted in:
                        •    The creation of Risk Framework Guiding Principles which guide annual risk and conduct assessments and the application

                                                                                                                                                                                                      this report
                             of consequences.
                        •    The documentation of the risk event assessment process which outlines the two-step process to assess the severity of risk
                             events and consider consequences to be applied.
                        •    A new People & Remuneration Committee and Board Risk and Conduct Assessment Guide which provides steps and factors to
                             be considered when assessing the nature and type of risk or conduct matter and where required the adjustment criteria to
                             be applied to VR.

                        Risk, conduct and the consequence management framework                                                                                                                        Our business

                                                                                                                                                                                                         in 2024
                        The Consequence Severity Matrix provides guidance to determine the severity of risk and conduct events. Based on the severity
                        of the risk or conduct event, a fair and proportionate consequence outcome will be applied. Determination of the appropriate
                        consequence is guided by an assessment of the quantitative and qualitative impacts of the event including financial impacts,
                        physical, informational or reputational damage to the organisation and harm to colleagues or customers.




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Creating value
                            Consequence Severity Matrix




For personal use only
                            Intent                  Behaviour
                                                                                                                                                                              Serious
                                                                                                                                                                            Misconduct
                            Intentional             Dishonest




                                                                               Context, motivation or intent
                            Wilful, deliberate,     Covers up, blames
                            deceitful, fraudulent   others, does not take
                                                    accountability                                                                                                                                    Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Governance
                                                                                                                                                        ÊƆŲƱƆȼňďƱǷ
                            Error in Judgement      Repeated behaviour

                                                                                                                                                                                                      Statement
                            Negligent               * .)ҍ/' -)!-*(
                                                    mistakes or persists
                                                    with misconduct
                                                    despite warnings                                                                      Mild

                            Unintentional           Growth Mindset

                                                                                                                                                                                                         Risk
                            Mistake, factors out    Speaks up, shares
                            of their control,       ' -)$)"҂. &./*޲3/*


                                                                                                                                                                                                      management
                            took reasonable         prevent self or others                                        Minor
                            preventative steps      making the same error

                                                                                                                               Actual or potential impact to customers,
                                                                                                                                  reputation or well-being of others




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Report of
                                                                                                               Nature     Non-adherence to        Breach of policy,        Regulatory breach
                                                                                                                          standard practices      procedures,              or breaking the


                                                                                                                                                                                                      the Directors
                                                                                                                                                  guidelines or            law
                                                                                                                                                  employment
                                                                                                                                                  contract

                                                                                                               Impact     No/Low impact           Moderate impact          $")$޲)/)
                                                                                                                                                                           material impact




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Financial report
                                                                                                               Gain       Personal Loss           No personal gain         Self-serving
                                                                                                                                                                           +-*޲/ 


                        The Group CEO and Group Executives actively demonstrate strong risk management to set the "tone from the top" about
                        expectations and behaviours. Risk issues that are identified are prioritised, clear accountability is defined, and an action plan
                        is created to resolve the issue. This has resulted in an improvement in conduct risk, driven by the increased use of analytical
                        monitoring tools and implementation of assurance capabilities. Enhancements in the use of risk monitoring tools and clear

                                                                                                                                                                                                       Additional
                        guidance about the identification and assessment of risk events have resulted in improved identification of risk events and an
                        increase in the number of risk cases investigated relative to 2023.

                                                                                                                                                                                                      information




                                                                                                                                                                          2024 Annual Report   145
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        Remuneration adjustments and consequence outcomes applied to employees during 2024 are provided in the table below.

                                                                                                                                                        Employee Category(1)
                                                                                                                                                                       Risk and
                                                                                                                                                        Material      Financial
                                                                                                                                          Senior           Risk         Control    Other
                                                                                                                                      Managers(2)        Takers      Personnel employees
                         Employees recognised for their positive contribution to risk culture                                  2024          0              2               6             6,516
                                                                                                                               2023          0              7               3             6,343
                         Employees identified as not having met risk expectations and accountabilities                         2024          0              0               0             2,455

                                                                                                                               2023          0              1               0             2,534
                         Code of Conduct breaches identified that resulted in formal consequences(3)                           2024          0              0               0             8362
                                                                                                                               2023          0              0               0             6186
                         Employees leaving due to consequence outcomes                                                         2024          0              0               0              209

                                                                                                                               2023          0              0               0              156
                         Employees receiving coaching, warnings or other remedial actions                  (3)
                                                                                                                               2024          0              6               1             8003
                                                                                                                               2023          0              2               1             5871




For personal use only
                         Employees recommended to receive an in-year performance rating and / or                               2024          0              0               0              136
                         variable reward reduction of 5% to 100%
                                                                                                                               2023          0              0               0              151
                         Deferred VR forfeitures and in-year VR adjustments as a result of Code of                             2024          0              0               0               0
                         Conduct breaches and revisiting previous reward decisions
                                                                                                                               2023          0              0               0               0
                         (1) Employees are categorised as Senior Managers, Material Risk Takers or Risk and Financial Control Personnel as defined by paragraph 20 of Australian Prudential
                             Regulation Authority's Prudential Standard CPS 511 Remuneration.
                         (2) The Group CEO and Group Executives are categorised as Senior Managers. There were no breaches by the Group CEO and Group Executives which resulted in a
                             reduction of their VR in 2024.
                         (3) The increase in cases year on year is in part a reflection of better data capture as we continue to improve our rigour in recording minor and mild matters independently
                             managed by People Leaders.




                        146   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        Section 6 - Group CEO and Group Executive statutory remuneration disclosures
                        6.1 Group CEO and Group Executive statutory remuneration

                        The following table has been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). The table shows details of the nature and
                        amount of each element of remuneration paid or awarded to the Group CEO and Group Executives for services provided during the year while they were KMP (including variable reward
                        amounts in respect of performance during the year which are paid following the end of the year).




For personal use only
                        For KMPs who have left NAB and retained awards, these awards will remain on foot and vest in line with their original terms. In accordance with the requirements of AASB 2 Share-based
                        Payment, the unvested awards have been expensed in full in FY24 as no further service will be received by the Group from the relevant KMP.

                                                                                                                              Post-
                                                                                                                            employment
                                                                                       Short-term benefits                   benefits                        Equity-based benefits
                                                                                                                                                 Other
                                                                              Cash        Annual VR             Non-                         long-term                                        Other                      (8)

                                                                             salary(1)        cash(2)        monetary(3) Superannuation(4)     benefits(5)     Shares(6)      Rights(7) remuneration             Total(9)
                         Name                                                     $               $                  $                 $              $              $               $            $                  $
                         Group CEO
                         Andrew Irvine (for part year)         2024       1,185,922         506,250                  -            13,475         11,011              -      1,265,987              -       2,982,645


                         Group Executives
                         Sharon Cook                           2024         933,233         364,500                 84            27,292         12,378              -      1,275,117              -       2,612,604
                                                                2023         941,248         460,097                 -            25,123         10,315          6,691        913,654              -        2,357,128
                         Shaun Dooley                          2024       1,228,531         386,100                  -            27,097         43,361              -      1,495,119              -       3,180,208
                                                                2023       1,194,244         435,881                 -            24,944         41,735              -      1,022,839              -        2,719,643
                         Nathan Goonan                         2024       1,123,073         571,050                  -            27,175         17,824              -      1,431,326              -       3,170,448
                                                                2023         860,389         532,508               415            25,160         17,423          2,164        932,098              -        2,370,157
                         Andrew Irvine (for part year)         2024         574,878         251,797                  -            13,623         11,132        63,176       1,134,795              -       2,049,401
                                                                2023       1,139,383         719,550            50,000            24,940          8,651        259,642      1,270,779              -        3,472,945
                         Les Matheson                          2024       1,141,221         480,938                 22            27,214         11,071              -      1,536,130              -       3,196,596
                                                                2023       1,022,367         532,744             9,488            25,050          7,570              -      1,030,559              -        2,627,778
                         Rachel Slade                          2024       1,204,136         526,500              3,691            27,097         17,820              -      1,700,529              -       3,479,773
                                                                2023       1,162,972         664,200               415            24,940         14,748          7,659      1,246,085              -        3,121,019
                         Patrick Wright                        2024       1,547,706         622,688             78,861            26,863         19,031              -      2,876,466              -       5,171,615
                                                                2023       1,495,553         795,656            84,477            24,721         16,287         39,497      1,567,781              -        4,023,972
                         Daniel Huggins                        2024       1,098,849         565,176                  -           105,239               -             -      1,326,301              -       3,095,565
                                                                2023         997,754         608,240             1,461           100,259               -        19,484        757,763              -        2,484,961
                         Sarah White                           2024         873,639         382,725                  -            27,348         30,019       114,285        586,259               -       2,014,275
                                                                2023         110,342               -                 -                 -          1,750         17,819         26,705              -         156,616




                                                                                                                                                                                                2024 Annual Report    147
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                                                                                                                                                            Post-
                                                                                                                                                          employment
                                                                                                           Short-term benefits                             benefits                                        Equity-based benefits
                                                                                                                                                                                      Other
                                                                                                 Cash         Annual VR                 Non-                                      long-term                                                         Other                                (8)

                                                                                                salary(1)         cash(2)            monetary(3) Superannuation(4)                  benefits(5)               Shares(6)             Rights(7) remuneration                      Total(9)
                         Name                                                                          $                 $                      $                       $                     $                       $                    $                    $                    $
                         Ana Marinkovic (for part year)                      2024             511,501            157,795                        -                  8,584                 5,414                297,684             156,148                       -          1,137,126




For personal use only
                         Cathryn Carver (for part year)                      2024             307,341            105,366                        -                  4,646                 4,369                271,835               91,485                      -            785,042


                         Former Group Executives
                         Ross McEwan (for part year)(10)                     2024             906,844            511,783                 17,708                   15,069               12,551                         -         6,322,640               239,463            8,026,058
                                                                             2023            2,383,654         1,350,000                     626                  24,554                20,463                        -          2,396,795                      -           6,176,092
                         David Gall (for part year)(11)                      2024             904,309            449,152                   5,459                  25,190               14,135                         -         3,765,290               642,000            5,805,535
                                                                             2023            1,176,909           691,875                   2,257                  29,903                18,880                        -          1,303,310                      -           3,223,134
                         Angela Mentis (for part year)(12)                   2024             118,819                    -                 7,948                   5,915                 1,618                        -         1,989,597                       -          2,123,897
                                                                             2023            1,224,399           608,850                  16,562                  24,940                18,607                  21,065           1,060,696               613,315            3,588,434
                         Susan Ferrier   (13)
                                                                             2023              759,132           329,598                   3,972                  25,160                 6,661                 107,481             567,918               566,986            2,366,908
                         Gary Lennon(14)                                     2023            1,128,646           583,481                   1,267                  25,014                17,372                   7,724             858,372               562,205            3,184,081


                         Total                                               2024          13,660,002          5,881,820                113,773                 381,827               211,734                 746,980          26,953,189               881,463          48,830,788
                         Total                                               2023           15,596,992         8,312,680                 170,940                 404,708              200,462                  489,226          14,955,354             1,742,506          41,872,868
                         (1) Includes cash allowances, payroll remediation payments, motor vehicle benefits and short-term compensated absences, such as annual leave entitlements accrued. Any related fringe benefits tax is included.
                         (2) The VR cash received in respect of 2024 is scheduled to be paid on 20 November 2024 in Australia and New Zealand.
                         (3) Includes relocation costs considered to provide a benefit to the individual (including temporary accommodation, furniture rental, utility costs, dependant travel costs, insurance, stamp duty, associated fringe benefit tax and other benefits). For
                             international assignees this may also include the provision of health fund benefits and tax advisory services.
                         (4) Includes company contributions to superannuation and allocations by employees made by way of salary sacrifice of post-tax fixed remuneration.
                         (5) Includes long service leave entitlements accrued based on an actuarial calculation.
                         (6) 2024 expense based on the grant date fair value, amortised on a straight line basis over the vesting period for:
                             (a) Commencement shares granted to Andrew Irvine in November 2020. 21% of the shares were restricted until December 2020, 21% until December 2021, 24% until December 2022, 31% until December 2023 and 3% in December 2024. The shares are
                             subject to continued employment, malus and clawback provisions.
                             (b) 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023 VR deferred shares granted in February 2021, February 2022, February 2023 and February 2024 respectively to Sarah White for performance in her previous role, restricted until November 2023 (2020 VR), November 2024 (2021
                             VR), November 2025 (2022 VR) and November 2026 (2023 VR).
                             (c) 2022 Annual Equity Award granted in November 2022 to Sarah White for performance in her previous role, restricted until November 2023, November 2024 and November 2025.
                             (d) 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023 VR deferred shares granted in February 2021, February 2022, February 2023 and February 2024 respectively to Ana Marinkovic for performance in her previous role, restricted until November 2023 (2020 VR), November 2024
                             (2021 VR), November 2025 (2022 VR) and November 2026 (2023 VR).
                             (e) 2021 recognition awards granted in August 2021 and November 2021 to Ana Marinkovic, restricted until July 2024 and November 2023 respectively for performance in her previous role.
                             (f) 2022, 2023 and 2024 Annual Equity Award granted in May 2022, February 2023 and February 2024 respectively to Ana Marinkovc for performance in her previous role, vesting across 3 years.
                             (g) 2022, 2023 and 2024 Annual Equity Award granted in Nov 2021, February 2023 and February 2024 respectively to Cathryn Carver for performance in her previous role, vesting across 3 years.
                             (h) 2021 recognition awards granted in November 2021 to Cathryn Carver, restricted until November 2023 and November 2024 respectively for performance in her previous role.
                             (i) 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023 VR deferred shares granted in February 2020, February 2021, February 2022, February 2023 and February 2024 respectively to Cathryn Carver for performance in her previous role, restricted until November 2022 (2019 VR),
                             November 2023 (2020 VR), November 2024 (2021 VR), November 2025 (2022 VR) and November 2026 (2023 VR).
                         (7) 2024 expense based on the grant date fair value, amortised on a straight line basis over the vesting period for:
                             (a) 2024 deferred VR rights scheduled to be granted in December 2024. The deferred VR rights are restricted for up to two years, with 50% scheduled to vest in November 2025 and 50% in November 2026. The deferred rights are subject to continued
                             employment, malus and clawback.
                             (b) 2023 deferred VR rights granted in February 2024. The deferred VR rights are restricted for up to four years, with 25% scheduled to vest in November 2024, 25% in November 2025, 25% in November 2026 and 25% in November 2027. The deferred rights



                        148   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                              are subject to continued employment, malus and clawback.
                              (c) 2022 deferred VR rights granted in February 2023. The deferred VR rights are restricted for up to four years, with 25% scheduled to vest in November 2023, 25% in November 2024, 25% in November 2025 and 25% in November 2026. The deferred rights
                              are subject to continued employment, malus and clawback.
                              (d) 2021 deferred VR rights granted in February 2022, with 25% vested in November 2022, 25% scheduled to vest in November 2023, 25% in November 2024 and 25% in November 2025. The deferred rights are subject to continued employment, malus
                              and clawback.
                              (e) LTVR performance rights granted in February 2020, February 2021, February 2022 and February 2023 respectively.
                              (f) 2024 LTVR and LTEA performance rights granted in February 2024.
                              (g) 2025 LTVR and LTEA performance rights scheduled to be granted in December 2024.
                         (8) The percentage of 2024 total remuneration which was performance-based was: Andrew Irvine 65%, Sharon Cook 63%, Shaun Dooley 59%, Nathan Goonan 63%, Les Matheson 63%, Rachel Slade 64%, Patrick Wright 68%, Daniel Huggins 61%, Sarah White 54%,




For personal use only
                              Ana Marinkovic 54%, Cathryn Carver 60%, Ross McEwan 85%, David Gall 75%, Angela Mentis 94%.
                         (9) In addition to the remuneration benefits below, NAB paid an insurance premium for a contract insuring the Group CEO and Group Executives as officers. It is not possible to allocate the benefit of this premium between individuals. In accordance with
                              usual commercial practice, the insurance contract prohibits disclosure of details of the premium paid.
                         (10) On his retirement on 1 July 2024, Ross McEwan received a $239,463 payment in respect of statutory entitlements. Mr McEwan retained his 2021 deferred VR rights, 2022 deferred VR rights, 2023 deferred VR rights, his LTVR rights granted in 2020-2023 and
                              his 2024 LTEA/LTVR rights. The value of the retained equity has been fully accounted for on retirement, being $6,322,240. That equity remains subject to the relevant performance measures and restriction periods.
                         (11) David Gall ceased employment with NAB effective 1 October 2024. In accordance with the terms of NAB’s VR programs, Mr Gall retained all unvested short term and long-term VR awards. The value of the retained equity has been fully accounted for
                              on cessation, being $3,765,290. That equity remain subject to the relevant performance measures, restrictions and vesting requirements under the terms of the awards. Mr Gall also received a $642,000 payment in respect of statutory entitlements,
                              support to transition to external opportunities and in recognition of his contribution to the Group. Payments made in connection with Mr Gall’s cessation complied with the termination benefits regime in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). Mr Gall
                              remained eligible to participate in the FY24 Annual VR plan. Mr Gall’s Annual VR will be delivered in cash (60%) and deferred cash (40%), vesting in two equal annual tranches.
                         (12) On her retirement on 31 October 2023, Angela Mentis received a $613,315 payment in respect of statutory entitlements and in recognition of her contribution to the Group. Ms Mentis retained her 2021 deferred VR rights, 2022 deferred VR rights and her
                              LTVR rights granted in 2020-2023. The value of the retained equity has been fully accounted for on retirement, being $1,989,597. That equity remains subject to the relevant performance measures and restriction periods.
                         (13) On her retirement on 31 October 2023, Susan Ferrier received a $566,986 payment in respect of statutory entitlements, support for transition to retirement and in recognition of her contribution to the Group. Ms Ferrier retained her 2021 deferred VR
                              rights, 2021 recognition shares, 2022 deferred VR rights and her LTVR rights granted in 2021-2023. The value of the retained equity has been fully accounted for on retirement, being $1,308,298. That equity remains subject to the relevant performance
                              measures and restriction periods.
                         (14) On his retirement on 1 October 2023, Gary Lennon received a $562,205 payment in respect of statutory entitlements and in recognition of his contribution to the Group. Mr Lennon retained his 2021 deferred VR rights, 2022 deferred VR rights and his
                              LTVR rights granted in 2020-2023. The value of the retained equity has been fully accounted for on retirement, being $1,708,675. That equity remains subject to the relevant performance measures and restriction periods.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            2024 Annual Report       149
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        6.2 Value of shares and rights

                        The following table shows the number and value of shares and rights that were granted by NAB and held by the Group CEO and
                        each Group Executive under NAB's employee equity plans during the year to 30 September 2024. Rights refer to deferred VR rights,
                        LTI performance rights and any other deferred rights or performance rights provided under a current or previous VR plan. A right
                        is a right to receive one NAB share subject to the satisfaction of the relevant performance and service conditions. The grant
                        value shown is the full accounting value to be expensed over the vesting period, which is generally longer than the current year.
                        The Group CEO and Group Executives did not pay any amounts for rights that vested and were exercised during 2024. There are no
                        amounts unpaid on any of the shares exercised.
                        There have been no changes to the terms and conditions of these awards, or any other awards since the awards were granted.
                        All rights that vest are automatically exercised when they vest. For the awards allocated during the year to 30 September 2024,
                        the maximum number of shares or rights that may vest is shown for the Group CEO and each Group Executive. The maximum value
                        of the equity awards is the number of shares or rights subject to NAB’s share price at the time of vesting. The minimum number of
                        shares or rights and the value of the equity awards is zero if the equity is fully forfeited or lapsed.

                                                                                      Total                                   2024
                                                                                              Grant           Forfeited / Forfeited /
                                                                           Granted(1)          date   Granted     lapsed      lapsed(2)   Vested(3)    Vested(4)




For personal use only
                         Name                                                   No.                          $        No.            $        No             $
                         Group CEO
                         Andrew Irvine
                         (for part year)         LTI - LTEA rights           45,056     22-02-2024    1,303,020         -            -          -            -
                                                 LTI - LTVR rights           45,056     22-02-2024    1,303,020         -            -          -            -


                         Group
                         Executives
                         Sharon Cook             LTVR Rights                 30,150     26-02-2020           -          -            -     30,150      916,259
                                                 LTVR Rights                 65,036     24-02-2021           -          -            -          -            -
                                                 Deferred VR rights          10,808     23-02-2022           -          -            -      3,603      101,172
                                                 LTVR Rights                 42,483     23-02-2022           -          -            -          -            -
                                                 Deferred VR rights          15,162     23-02-2023           -          -            -      3,791      106,451
                                                 LTVR rights                 43,485     23-02-2023           -          -            -          -            -
                                                 Deferred VR rights          15,908     22-02-2024     460,059          -            -          -            -
                                                 LTI - LTEA rights           24,204     22-02-2024     699,980          -            -          -            -
                                                 LTI - LTVR rights           24,204     22-02-2024     699,980          -            -          -            -
                         Shaun Dooley            LTVR rights                 33,500     26-02-2020           -          -            -     33,500     1,018,065
                                                 LTVR rights                 72,262     24-02-2021           -          -            -          -            -
                                                 Deferred VR rights          11,559     23-02-2022           -          -            -      3,853      108,192
                                                 LTVR rights                 51,924     23-02-2022           -          -            -          -            -
                                                 Deferred VR rights          14,299     23-02-2023           -          -            -      3,575      100,386
                                                 LTVR rights                 54,929     23-02-2023           -          -            -          -            -
                                                 Deferred VR rights          15,068     22-02-2024     435,767          -            -          -            -
                                                 LTI - LTEA rights           31,466     22-02-2024     909,997          -            -          -            -
                                                 LTI - LTVR rights           31,466     22-02-2024     909,997          -            -          -            -
                         Nathan Goonan           LTVR rights                 65,036     24-02-2021           -          -            -          -            -
                                                 Deferred VR rights          10,808     23-02-2022           -          -            -      3,603      101,172
                                                 LTVR rights                 42,483     23-02-2022           -          -            -          -            -
                                                 Deferred VR rights          14,364     23-02-2023           -          -            -      3,591      100,835
                                                 LTVR rights                 41,197     23-02-2023           -          -            -          -            -
                                                 Deferred VR rights          18,412     22-02-2024     532,475          -            -          -            -
                                                 LTI - LTEA rights           28,440     22-02-2024     822,485          -            -          -            -
                                                 LTI - LTVR rights           28,440     22-02-2024     822,485          -            -          -            -




                        150   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                                                                                Total                                   2024
                                                                                        Grant           Forfeited / Forfeited /
                                                                     Granted(1)          date   Granted     lapsed      lapsed(2)     Vested(3)    Vested(4)
                         Name                                             No.                          $        No.            $          No             $          About

                                                                                                                                                                 this report
                         Andrew Irvine
                         (for part year)   Commencement shares         37,594      6-11-2020           -          -            -       34,239     1,051,137
                                           LTVR Rights                 86,714     24-02-2021           -          -            -            -            -
                                           Deferred VR rights          21,445     23-02-2022           -          -            -        7,149      200,744
                                           LTVR Rights                 56,644     23-02-2022           -          -            -            -            -
                                           Deferred VR rights          22,982     23-02-2023           -          -            -        5,746      161,348

                                                                                                                                                                 Our business
                                           LTVR Rights                 54,929     23-02-2023           -          -            -            -            -
                                           Deferred VR rights          24,880     22-02-2024     719,530          -            -            -            -

                                                                                                                                                                    in 2024
                         Les Matheson      LTVR rights                 75,875     24-02-2021           -          -            -            -            -
                                           Deferred VR rights          10,816     23-02-2022           -          -            -        3,606      101,256
                                           LTVR rights                 49,564     23-02-2022           -          -            -            -            -
                                           Deferred VR rights          16,758     23-02-2023           -          -            -        4,190      117,655




                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value
                                           LTVR rights                 48,063     23-02-2023           -          -            -            -            -




For personal use only
                                           Deferred VR rights          18,420     22-02-2024     532,706          -            -            -            -
                                           LTI - LTEA rights           27,834     22-02-2024     804,959          -            -            -            -
                                           LTI - LTVR rights           27,834     22-02-2024     804,959          -            -            -            -
                         Rachel Slade      LTVR rights                 39,195     26-02-2020           -          -            -       39,195     1,191,136
                                           LTVR rights                 86,714     24-02-2021           -          -            -            -            -
                                           Deferred VR rights          21,445     23-02-2022           -          -            -        7,149      200,744
                                           LTVR rights                 56,644     23-02-2022           -          -            -            -            -
                                           Deferred VR rights          20,109     23-02-2023           -          -            -        5,028      141,186       Corporate
                                           LTVR rights                 54,929     23-02-2023           -          -            -            -            -
                                                                                                                                                                Governance
                                           Deferred VR rights          22,964     22-02-2024     664,119          -            -            -            -
                                           LTI - LTEA rights           29,770     22-02-2024     860,948          -            -            -            -
                                                                                                                                                                 Statement
                                           LTI - LTVR rights           29,770     22-02-2024     860,948          -            -            -            -
                         Patrick Wright    LTVR Rights                 65,326     26-02-2020           -          -            -       65,326     1,985,257
                                           LTVR Rights                108,393     24-02-2021           -          -            -            -            -

                                                                                                                                                                    Risk
                                           Deferred VR rights          26,807     23-02-2022           -          -            -        8,936      250,923
                                           LTVR rights                 70,806     23-02-2022           -          -            -            -            -


                                                                                                                                                                 management
                                           Deferred VR rights          23,940     23-02-2023           -          -            -        5,985      168,059
                                           LTVR rights                 68,661     23-02-2023           -          -            -            -            -
                                           Deferred VR rights          27,512     22-02-2024     795,647          -            -            -            -
                                           Recognition Rights          77,800     22-02-2024    2,249,976         -            -            -            -
                                           LTI - LTEA rights           37,214     22-02-2024    1,076,229         -            -            -            -

                                                                                                                                                                   Report of
                                           LTI - LTVR rights           37,214     22-02-2024    1,076,229         -            -            -            -
                         Daniel Huggins    LTVR rights                 54,019     23-02-2022           -          -            -            -            -


                                                                                                                                                                 the Directors
                                           Deferred VR rights          18,997     23-02-2023           -          -            -        4,750      133,380
                                           LTVR rights                 48,340     23-02-2023           -          -            -            -            -
                                           Deferred VR rights          21,188     22-02-2024     612,757          -            -            -            -
                                           LTI - LTEA rights           28,784     22-02-2024     832,433          -            -            -            -




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report
                                           LTI - LTVR rights           28,784     22-02-2024     832,433          -            -            -            -
                         Sarah White       General employee shares         43      9-12-2020           -          -            -           43        1,008
                                           Deferred VR shares           1,442     24-02-2021           -          -            -        1,442       40,491
                                           Deferred VR shares           3,956     23-02-2022           -          -            -            -            -
                                           Deferred VR shares           1,950     10-11-2022           -          -            -          650       18,252
                                           Deferred VR shares           3,948     23-02-2023           -          -            -            -            -
                                           LTI - LTEA rights           21,784     22-02-2024     629,993          -            -            -            -
                                           LTI - LTVR rights           21,784     22-02-2024     629,993          -            -            -            -


                                                                                                                                                                  Additional
                                           Deferred VR shares           4,469     22-02-2024     150,203          -            -            -            -



                                                                                                                                                                 information




                                                                                                                                    2024 Annual Report    151
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                                                                                      Total                                   2024
                                                                                              Grant           Forfeited / Forfeited /
                                                                           Granted(1)          date   Granted     lapsed      lapsed(2)   Vested(3)    Vested(4)
                         Name                                                   No.                          $        No.            $        No             $
                         Ana Marinkovic
                         (for part year)         General employee shares         43      9-12-2020           -          -            -         43        1,008
                                                 Deferred VR shares           5,701     24-02-2021           -          -            -      5,701      160,084
                                                 Recognition shares           3,668     18-08-2021           -          -            -      3,668      132,305
                                                 Recognition shares          34,978      12-11-2021          -          -            -     17,489      491,091
                                                 Deferred VR shares          13,039     23-02-2022           -          -            -          -            -
                                                 Deferred VR shares           4,014      6-05-2022           -          -            -      2,007       56,357
                                                 Deferred VR shares          13,040     23-02-2023           -          -            -      2,302       64,640
                                                 Deferred VR shares          16,562     22-02-2024     556,649          -            -          -            -
                         Cathryn Carver
                         (for part year)         General employee shares         43      9-12-2020           -          -            -         43        1,008
                                                 Deferred VR shares           7,778      10-11-2021          -          -            -      3,889      109,203
                                                 Recognition shares          34,978      12-11-2021          -          -            -     17,489      491,091




For personal use only
                                                 Deferred VR shares          11,212     24-02-2021           -          -            -     11,212      314,833
                                                 Deferred VR shares          28,512     23-02-2022           -          -            -          -            -
                                                 Deferred VR shares          25,080     23-02-2023           -          -            -      3,780      106,142
                                                 Deferred VR shares          27,972     22-02-2024     940,139          -            -          -            -


                         Former Group
                         Executives
                         Ross McEwan
                         (for part year)         LTVR rights                180,655     24-02-2021           -          -            -          -            -
                                                 Deferred VR rights          41,104     23-02-2022           -          -            -     13,702      384,752
                                                 LTVR rights                118,010     23-02-2022           -          -            -          -            -
                                                 Deferred VR rights          47,664     23-02-2023           -          -            -     11,916      334,601
                                                 LTVR rights                111,645     23-02-2023           -          -            -          -            -
                                                 Deferred VR rights          46,680     22-02-2024    1,349,986         -            -          -            -
                                                 LTI - LTEA rights           45,383     22-02-2024    1,312,476         -            -          -            -
                                                 LTI - LTVR rights           45,383     22-02-2024    1,312,476         -            -          -            -
                         David Gall
                         (for part year)         LTVR rights                 52,261     26-02-2020           -          -            -     52,261     1,588,212
                                                 LTVR rights                 86,714     24-02-2021           -          -            -          -            -
                                                 Deferred VR rights          22,303     23-02-2022           -          -            -      7,435      208,775
                                                 LTVR rights                 56,644     23-02-2022           -          -            -          -            -
                                                 Deferred VR rights          22,025     23-02-2023           -          -            -      5,507      154,637
                                                 LTVR rights                 54,929     23-02-2023           -          -            -          -            -
                                                 Deferred VR rights          23,920     22-02-2024     691,766          -            -          -            -
                                                 LTI - LTEA rights           29,770     22-02-2024     860,948          -            -          -            -
                                                 LTI - LTVR rights           29,770     22-02-2024     860,948          -            -          -            -
                         Angela Mentis
                         (for part year)         LTVR rights                 52,261     26-02-2020           -          -            -     52,261     1,588,212
                                                 LTVR rights                 86,714     24-02-2021           -          -            -          -            -
                                                 Deferred VR rights          24,327     23-02-2022           -          -            -      8,109      227,701
                                                 LTVR rights                 56,644     23-02-2022           -          -            -          -            -
                                                 Deferred VR rights          19,152     23-02-2023           -          -            -      4,788      134,447
                                                 LTVR rights                 54,929     23-02-2023           -          -            -          -            -
                         Gary Lennon             LTVR rights                 47,906     26-02-2020           -          -            -     47,906     1,455,863
                                                 LTVR rights                 79,488     24-02-2021           -          -            -          -            -
                                                 Deferred VR rights          15,726     23-02-2022           -          -            -      5,242      147,195
                                                 LTVR rights                 51,924     23-02-2022           -          -            -          -            -




                        152   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                                                                                                           Total                                                 2024
                                                                                                                   Grant               Forfeited / Forfeited /
                                                                                             Granted(1)             date       Granted     lapsed      lapsed(2)               Vested(3)      Vested(4)
                         Name                                                                       No.                                 $             No.                $           No              $          About

                                                                                                                                                                                                             this report
                                                   Deferred VR rights                           19,311       23-02-2023                  -               -               -        4,828       135,570
                                                   LTVR rights                                  50,352       23-02-2023                  -               -               -             -              -
                         Susan Ferrier             LTVR Rights                                  65,036       24-02-2021                  -               -               -             -              -
                                                   Recognition shares                           11,570       24-02-2021                  -               -               -       11,570       351,612
                                                   Deferred VR rights                             9,457      23-02-2022                  -               -               -        3,153        88,536


                                                                                                                                                                                                             Our business
                                                   LTVR rights                                  42,483       23-02-2022                  -               -               -             -              -
                                                   Deferred VR rights                           14,364       23-02-2023                  -               -               -        3,591       100,835


                                                                                                                                                                                                                in 2024
                                                   LTVR rights                                  41,197       23-02-2023                  -               -               -             -              -
                         (1) The following securities have been granted during 2024:
                             a) LTVR and LTEA rights allocated in February 2024 (in respect of 2024) to the Group CEO and all Group Executives at the time of allocation. The performance rights are
                             subject to service and performance measures.
                             b) Deferred VR rights allocated in February 2024 (in respect of 2023) to the Group CEO and all Group Executives at the time of allocation. The rights vest annually in four
                             equal tranches between November 2024 and November 2027.
                             c) Deferred VR shares allocated in February 2024 (in respect of 2023) to Sarah White, Ana Marinkovic and Cathryn Carver for their roles prior to becoming a KMP.




                                                                                                                                                                                                               Creating value




For personal use only
                         (2) Calculated using NAB's closing share price on the forfeiture / lapsing date.
                         (3) The following securities have vested during 2024:
                             a) Deferred VR rights allocated in February 2022 and February 2023 partially vested in November 2023.
                             b) LTVR rights allocated in February 2020 vested in December 2023 for Angela Mentis, David Gall, Gary Lennon, Patrick Wright, Rachael Slade, Sharon Cook and
                             Shaun Dooley.
                             c) Recognition shares allocated in August 2021 and November 2021 vested in July 2024 and November 2023 respectively for Ana Marinkovic.
                             d) Recognition shares allocated in February 2021 vested in November 2023 for Susan Ferrier.
                             e) Deferred VR shares allocated in February 2021 vested in November 2023 for Ana Marinkovic, Cathryn Carver and Sarah White.
                             f) Deferred VR shares allocated in November 2021 and February 2023 vested in November 2023 for Cathryn Carver.
                             g) Deferred VR shares allocated in May 2022 and February 2023 vested in November 2023 for Ana Marinkovic.
                             h) Deferred VR shares allocated in November 2022 vested in November 2023 for Sarah White.
                             i) Commencement shares allocated in November 2020 vested in December 2023 for Andrew Irvine.
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Corporate
                             j) General employee shares granted to Ana Marinkovic, Cathryn Carver and Sarah White in December 2020, fully vested in December 2023.
                         (4) Calculated using NAB's closing share price on the vesting date.
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Governance
                        6.3 Determining the value of equity remuneration                                                                                                                                     Statement

                        The number of shares and rights provided to the Group CEO and Group Executives by NAB are determined using a face value
                        methodology. The table below shows the fair value of shares and rights granted by NAB during 2024 in accordance with statutory
                        requirements. The grant date fair value of each share is determined by the market value of NAB shares and is generally a five day

                                                                                                                                                                                                                Risk
                        weighted average share price. The grant date fair value of shares and rights with market performance measures is determined
                        using a simulated version of the Black-Scholes model.


                                                                                                                                                                                                             management
                        No performance options have been granted during the year. Shares and rights granted during 2024 were granted at no cost to
                        the Group CEO or Group Executive and have a zero exercise price.



                                                                                                                                      Grant
                                                                                                                                      share            Fair

                                                                                                                                                                                                               Report of
                                                                                  Award type                   Grant date             price(1)       value               Restriction period end(2)
                         Type of allocation                                                                                                  $               $


                                                                                                                                                                                                             the Directors
                                                                                                                                                                              15 November 2024 -
                         Deferred VR(3)                                Performance rights                 22 February 2024             33.48          28.92                     15 November 2027
                         Deferred VR(4)                                Shares                             22 February 2024                            27.87                     15 November 2026
                         General Employee Share Offer                  Shares                         19 December 2023                                29.71                     19 December 2026
                                                                                                                                                                              22 December 2027 -
                         Performance Rights(5)                         Performance rights                 22 February 2024             33.48          28.92                    22 December 2028




                                                                                                                                                                                                               Financial report
                                                                                                                                                                              22 December 2027 -
                         Long-Term Equity Award(6)                     Performance rights                 22 February 2024             33.48          27.65                    22 December 2029
                                                                                                                                                                              22 December 2027 -
                         Long-Term Variable Reward(6)                  Performance rights                 22 February 2024             33.48          18.40                    22 December 2029
                         (1) The grant share price is NAB's closing share price at the date of valuation (being the grant date of the relevant award). The grant share price was used to determine the
                             fair value for the LTEA and LTVR performance rights.
                         (2) Any performance rights that vest are automatically exercised at the end of the relevant restriction period for each tranche. The end of the restriction period for the
                             performance rights is also the expiry date for those performance rights. Awards may be released from the restriction period over several years on a pro-rata basis and
                             the range presented represents the earliest and latest vesting tranches.
                         (3) The number of deferred rights allocated to each eligible participant was calculated using the weighted average share price over the five trading days up to


                                                                                                                                                                                                              Additional
                             30 September 2023, inclusive. The deferred rights are split across four equal tranches vesting on 15 November in 2024, 2025, 2026 and 2027.
                         (4) Deferred shares provided to Sarah White, Ana Marinkovic and Cathryn Carver relating to the period prior to becoming a KMP.
                         (5) Patrick Wright received performance rights relating to technology modernisation as set out in Section 2.3. The performance rights are split across two equal tranches

                                                                                                                                                                                                             information
                             vesting on December 2027 and 2028.
                         (6) The number of LTI performance rights allocated to each eligible participant was calculated using the weighted average share price over the five trading days up to
                             30 September 2023, inclusive. For the Group CEO, the awards are split across three equal tranches with restriction periods ending on 22 December in 2027, 2028 and
                             2029. For all other Group Executives, the awards are split across two equal tranches with restriction periods ending on 22 December in 2027 and 2028.



                                                                                                                                                                             2024 Annual Report       153
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        Hedging policy

                        Directors and employees are prohibited from protecting the value of their equity awards by hedging. Further details are available
                        in the Group Securities Trading Policy.
                        NAB’s Group Securities Trading Policy explains the law and the Policy our colleagues must comply with when trading in NAB
                        securities. All employees are prohibited from using derivatives in relation to elements of their remuneration that are unvested. In
                        addition, closely related parties of KMP are prohibited from using derivatives or otherwise entering into hedging arrangements in
                        relation to elements of their remuneration that are unvested or which have vested but remain subject to forfeiture conditions.
                        The Group Securities Trading Policy is available at nab.com.au/content/dam/nabrwd/documents/policy/corporate/group-
                        securities-trading-policy.pdf.




For personal use only




                        154   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        6.4 Rights holdings


                                                                                                                                                                                                         About
                        Rights were granted to the Group CEO and Group Executives in 2024 under the Annual VR, LTVR and LTEA plans. No rights or
                        performance options (i.e. entitlements to NAB shares) are granted to the Group CEO or Group Executives' related parties.

                                                                                                                                                                                                      this report
                        No performance options (i.e. a right requiring payment of a subscription price on vesting) are currently held by the Group CEO or
                        Group Executives. The number of rights that vested during the year was equivalent to the number of rights that were exercised
                        during the year. As at 30 September 2024, no rights held by the Group CEO or Group Executives were: (i) vested and exercisable;
                        nor (ii) vested but not exercisable.

                                                                                                           Granted


                                                                                                                                                                                                      Our business
                                                                                  Balance at            during year                                       Forfeited /
                                                                                 beginning of                    as             Exercised          lapsed or expired              Balance at
                                                                                         year(1)      remuneration             during year               during year             end of year(2)


                                                                                                                                                                                                         in 2024
                         Name                                                                No.                   No.                   No.                         No.                     No.
                         Group CEO
                         Andrew Irvine                                                  242,714               114,992                (12,895)                           -             344,811
                         Group Executives
                         Sharon Cook                                                    207,124                 64,316               (37,544)                           -             233,896




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Creating value




For personal use only
                         Shaun Dooley                                                   238,473                 78,000               (40,928)                           -             275,545
                         Nathan Goonan                                                  173,888                 75,292                (7,194)                           -             241,986
                         Les Matheson                                                   201,076                 74,088                (7,796)                           -             267,368
                         Rachel Slade                                                   279,036                 82,504               (51,372)                           -             310,168
                         Patrick Wright                                                 363,933               179,740                (80,247)                           -             463,426
                         Dan Huggins                                                    121,356                 78,756                (4,750)                           -             195,362
                         Sarah White                                                            -               43,568                      -                           -               43,568

                                                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate
                         Ana Marinkovic (for part year)                                         -                     -                     -                           -                      -
                         Cathryn Carver (for part year)                                         -                     -                     -                           -                      -
                         Former Group Executives                                                                                                                                                     Governance
                         Ross McEwan (for part year)                                    499,078               137,446                (25,618)                           -             610,906         Statement
                         David Gall (for part year)                                     294,876                 83,460               (65,203)                           -             313,133
                         Angela Mentis (for part year)                                  294,027                       -                     -                           -             294,027
                         (1) Balance may include rights granted prior to individuals becoming KMP. For individuals who became KMP during 2024, the balance is at the date they became KMP.



                                                                                                                                                                                                         Risk
                         (2) For Executives who ceased being KMP during 2024, the balance is as at the date they ceased being KMP.




                                                                                                                                                                                                      management




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Report of


                                                                                                                                                                                                      the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                                       Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                      information




                                                                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report       155
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        6.5 Group CEO and Group Executives' share ownership

                        The number of NAB shares held (directly and nominally) by the Group CEO and each Group Executive or their related parties (their
                        close family members or any entity they, or their close family members, control, jointly control or significantly influence) are set
                        out below:

                                                                                                         Granted
                                                                                     Balance at       during year               Received during                  Other
                                                                                    beginning of               as               year on exercise              changes                Balance at(2)
                                                                                            year(1) remuneration                        of rights           during year             end of year(3)
                         Name                                                                   No.                   No.                        No.                   No.                    No.
                         Group CEO
                         Andrew Irvine                                                       37,594                      -                   12,895                       -                50,489
                         Group Executives
                         Sharon Cook                                                         11,850                      -                   37,544                       -                49,394
                         Shaun Dooley                                                        74,957                      -                   40,928                     82                115,967
                         Nathan Goonan                                                        7,193                      -                     7,194                      -                14,387
                         Les Matheson                                                         3,606                      -                     7,796                (7,796)                 3,606




For personal use only
                         Rachel Slade                                                        55,584                      -                   51,372                51,372                 158,328
                         Patrick Wright                                                      77,000                      -                   80,247              (155,247)                  2,000
                         Dan Huggins                                                               -                     -                     4,750                (4,750)                         -
                         Sarah White                                                         11,992                 4,469                           -               (2,788)                13,673
                         Ana Marinkovic (for part year)                                     100,402                      -                   85,529               (99,395)                 86,536
                         Cathryn Carver (for part year)                                      99,195                      -                          -                     -                99,195
                         Former Group Executives
                         Ross McEwan (for part year)                                         67,599                      -                   25,618                       -                93,217
                         David Gall (for part year)                                         119,948                      -                   65,203                  3,461                188,612
                         Angela Mentis (for part year)                                      204,414                      -                          -                     -               204,414
                         (1) Balance may include shares held prior to individuals becoming KMP. For individuals who became KMP during 2024, the balance is at the date they became KMP.
                         (2) NAB maintains a minimum shareholding policy. Holdings included in meeting the minimum shareholding requirement are NAB shares, unvested deferred shares and
                             deferred rights not subject to further performance conditions held by the executive and shares held by a closely related party or self-managed superannuation
                             fund for the benefit of the executive. Refer to section 6.6 for further details. The Group CEO and Group Executives have all met or are on track to meet the minimum
                             shareholding requirement.
                         (3) For Executives who ceased being KMP during 2024, the balance is as at the date they ceased being KMP.


                        6.6 Group CEO and Group Executive contract terms

                        The Group CEO and Group Executives are employed on the following contractual terms:

                         Contractual term                  Arrangement
                         Duration                          •   Permanent ongoing employment
                         Notice period(1)                  •   26 weeks
                         Other key                         •   If the Group CEO or a Group Executive resigns they do not receive any annual or long-term variable reward
                         arrangements                          in that year and any unvested awards are forfeited.
                         on separation                     •   If the Group CEO or a Group Executive ceases employment for any reason other than resignation (for
                                                               example, retrenchment or retirement), they will retain all of their unvested awards unless the Board
                                                               exercises its discretion to determine a different treatment.(2)
                                                           •   All statutory entitlements are paid.
                         Change of control                 •   If a change of control occurs, the Board has discretion to determine the treatment of unvested shares
                                                               and rights. Vesting of shares and rights will not be automatic or accelerated and the Board will retain
                                                               discretion in relation to the vesting outcome including absolute discretion to forfeit all shares and rights.
                         Post-employment                   •   Non-compete and non-solicitation obligations apply.
                         obligations
                         Minimum                           •   The Group CEO is required to hold NAB shares to the value of two times FR and Group Executives are
                         shareholding policy                   required to hold NAB shares equal to their individual FR.
                                                           •   The Group CEO and Group Executives are required to satisfy the minimum shareholding requirement within
                                                               a five-year period from the date of commencement in their role.
                                                           •   Holdings included in meeting the minimum shareholding requirement are NAB shares, unvested deferred
                                                               shares and deferred rights not subject to further performance conditions held by the executive
                                                               and shares held by a closely related party or self-managed superannuation fund for the benefit of
                                                               the executive.
                         (1) Payment in lieu of notice for some or all of the notice period may be approved by the Board in certain circumstances. Termination payments are not paid on
                             resignation, summary termination or termination for unsatisfactory performance, although the Board may determine exceptions to this.
                         (2) Any unvested awards retained will be held by the Group CEO or Group Executive on the same terms. Unvested LTI awards retained (including the LTEA and LTVR
                             components) will remain subject to the performance measure, with that measure tested in accordance with the normal timetable.




                        156   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        Section 7 - Non-executive director remuneration
                        7.1 Fee policy and pool
                                                                                                                                                                   About
                        Non-executive directors receive fees to recognise their contribution to the work of the Board. Additional fees are paid, where
                        applicable, for serving on Board committees, on Boards of controlled entities and internal advisory boards. Fees include NAB’s          this report
                        compulsory contributions to superannuation. Fees are set to reflect the time commitment and responsibilities of the role. The
                        Board undertook a review of the quantum of Board fees in December 2023 and based on this review, the Board approved an
                        increase to Board fees effective 1 January 2024. The Board fees were last reviewed in 2022 with no increase in 2023.
                        To maintain independence and objectivity, non-executive directors do not receive any performance related remuneration.


                                                                                                                                                                Our business
                        Non-executive directors do not receive any termination payments.
                        The total amount of non-executive directors' remuneration is capped at a maximum aggregate fee pool that is approved by


                                                                                                                                                                   in 2024
                        shareholders. The current aggregate fee pool of $4.5 million per annum was approved by shareholders at NAB's 2008 AGM.
                        The total Board and committee fees, including superannuation, paid to non-executive directors in 2024 are within the approved
                        aggregate fee pool.
                        The following table shows the 2024 non-executive director Board and committee fee policy structure (effective from
                        1 January 2024).




                                                                                                                                                                  Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                               2024                                 2023
                                                                                Chair ($pa)        Non-executive     Chair ($pa)        Non-executive
                                                                                                   director ($pa)                       director ($pa)
                         Board                                                           850,000           245,000            825,000            240,000
                         Audit Committee                                                  65,000            32,500             65,000             32,500
                         Risk & Compliance Committee                                      65,000            32,500             65,000             32,500
                         People & Remuneration Committee                                  65,000            32,500             55,000             27,500
                         Customer Committee                                               45,000            22,500             40,000             20,000
                                                                                                                                                                Corporate
                         Nomination & Governance Committee                                     -            10,000                  -             10,000
                                                                                                                                                               Governance
                                                                                                                                                                Statement

                        7.2 Minimum shareholding policy
                        To align with shareholder interests, the Board has adopted a policy that non-executive directors must hold a minimum number


                                                                                                                                                                   Risk
                        of NAB ordinary shares equal in value to the Chair’s and other directors’ respective annual Board fees within five years
                        of appointment.
                        Under the policy, the minimum number of shares required to be held is based on the amount outlaid to buy the shares. As a

                                                                                                                                                                management
                        result, the number of shares a non-executive director must hold is different for each director.
                        Apart from more recent appointees, all other non-executive directors have met the minimum shareholding requirement in full.




                                                                                                                                                                  Report of


                                                                                                                                                                the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                  Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                 Additional

                                                                                                                                                                information




                                                                                                                                    2024 Annual Report   157
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        7.3 Statutory remuneration

                        The fees paid to the non-executive directors are set out in the table below.

                                                                                                                                                Post-employment
                                                                                                       Short-term benefits                          benefits
                                                                                                   Cash salary(1)              Non-
                                                                                                     and fees(2)            monetary(3)            Superannuation(4)                        Total
                         Name                                                                                   $                      $                              $                         $
                         Non-executive directors
                         Philip Chronican (Chair)                                2024                   815,718                   2,079                        28,032                   845,829
                                                                                  2023                   799,181                     415                        25,819                   825,415
                         Kathryn Fagg                                            2024                   305,044                         -                      28,032                   333,076
                                                                                  2023                   276,319                        -                       25,819                   302,138
                         Anne Loveridge                                          2024                   320,813                     368                               -                 321,181
                                                                                  2023                   318,677                     415                          6,323                  325,415
                         Douglas McKay(5)                                        2024                   472,927                   5,658                        28,032                   506,617




For personal use only
                                                                                  2023                   557,145                     415                        25,819                   583,379
                         Simon McKeon                                            2024                   293,773                         -                      28,032                   321,805
                                                                                  2023                   289,181                        -                       25,819                   315,000
                         Ann Sherry                                              2024                   290,718                   3,920                        28,032                   322,670
                                                                                  2023                   281,681                     415                        25,819                   307,915
                         Alison Kitchen                                          2024                   291,760                         -                      28,032                   319,792
                                                                                  2023                     2,923                        -                           321                     3,244
                         Carolyn Kay                                             2024                   289,431                         -                      20,549                   309,980
                                                                                  2023                    41,890                        -                         3,998                   45,888
                         Christine Fellowes                                      2024                   263,458                         -                      27,743                   291,201
                                                                                  2023                    82,007                        -                         8,500                   90,507
                         Former non-executive directors
                         David Armstrong (for part year)                         2024                    70,982                   1,436                               -                   72,418
                                                                                  2023                   337,500                        -                             -                  337,500
                         Peeyush Gupta (for part year)                           2024                    58,261                   1,436                          5,886                    65,583
                                                                                  2023                   277,043                        -                       25,819                   302,862
                         Total                                                   2024                 3,472,885                  14,897                       222,370                 3,710,152
                         Total                                                    2023                 3,263,547                   1,660                       174,056                 3,439,263
                         (1) The portion of fees in connection with their roles, duties and responsibilities as a non-executive director, and includes attendance at meetings of the Board, Board
                             committees and boards of controlled entities, received as cash.
                         (2) In December 2023, the Board approved increases to non-executive director fees, effective from 1 January 2024. Refer to section 7.1 for further details.
                         (3) Relates to gifts and other incidental benefits for the individual.
                         (4) Reflects compulsory company contributions to superannuation. David Armstrong and Anne Loveridge elected to receive all or part of their payments in fees and
                             therefore received reduced or nil superannuation contributions during this period.
                         (5) Douglas McKay received fees of $220,000 in his capacity as Chair of Bank of New Zealand, which were paid in NZD.




                        158   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        7.4 Non-executive directors' share ownership and other interests


                                                                                                                                                                                                About
                        The number of NAB shares held (directly and nominally) by each non-executive director of NAB and the Group or their related
                        parties (their close family members or any entity they, or their close family members, control, jointly control or significantly
                        influence) are set out below. No rights or performance options are granted to non-executive directors or their related parties.
                                                                                                                                                                                             this report
                                                                                                                   Balance at                                  Other
                                                                                                                    beginning                               changes       Balance at(2)
                                                                                                                      of year(1)         Acquired         during year    end of year(3)
                         Name                                                                                               No.                    No.           No.              No.
                         Non-executive directors
                         Philip Chronican (Chair)                                                                        42,120                      -              -          42,120
                                                                                                                                                                                             Our business
                         Kathryn Fagg                                                                                     9,426                      -              -            9,426
                         Anne Loveridge                                                                                  12,120                      -              -          12,120
                                                                                                                                                                                                in 2024
                         Douglas McKay                                                                                   11,972                       -             -          11,972
                         Simon McKeon                                                                                    15,000                       -             -          15,000
                         Ann Sherry                                                                                      12,698                       -             -          12,698




                                                                                                                                                                                               Creating value
                         Alison Kitchen                                                                                        -                  6,120             -            6,120




For personal use only
                         Carolyn Kay                                                                                      5,567                   7,659             -          13,226
                         Christine Fellowes                                                                               3,438                   1,457             -            4,895
                         Former Non-executive directors
                         David Armstrong (for part year)                                                                 21,926                    650              -          22,576
                         Peeyush Gupta (for part year)                                                                    9,571                      -              -            9,571
                         (1) Balance may include shares held prior to individuals becoming a non-executive director.
                         (2) All non-executive directors met or are on track to meet the minimum shareholding requirements for the year.

                                                                                                                                                                                             Corporate
                         (3) For non-executive directors who ceased being KMP during 2024, the balance is as at the date they ceased being KMP.


                                                                                                                                                                                            Governance
                                                                                                                                                                                             Statement




                                                                                                                                                                                                Risk

                                                                                                                                                                                             management




                                                                                                                                                                                               Report of


                                                                                                                                                                                             the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                               Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                              Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                             information




                                                                                                                                                                 2024 Annual Report   159
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        Section 8 - Loans, other transactions and other interests
                        8.1 Loans

                        Loans made to non-executive directors of NAB are made in the ordinary course of business on terms equivalent to those that
                        prevail in arm's length transactions. Loans to the Group CEO and Group Executives may be made on similar terms and conditions
                        generally available to other employees of the Group. Loans to KMP of NAB and the Group may be subject to restrictions under
                        applicable laws and regulations including the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). The opening balance is 1 October and closing balance
                        is 30 September, or the date of commencement or cessation of a KMP.

                        Total aggregated loans provided to KMP and their related parties

                                                                                                         Balance at                                Interest                                Balance at
                                                                                     Terms and            beginning             Interest                not                                    end of
                                                                                     conditions             of year(1)          charged(2)         charged(2)        Write-off       (2)
                                                                                                                                                                                                 year(3)
                         NAB and the Group                                                                           $                   $                   $                   $                   $
                         KMP(4)                                                             Normal         13,664,729             452,711                    -                   -          13,168,175
                                                                                       Employee            29,819,756             956,169                    -                   -          35,370,257
                         Other related parties      (5)
                                                                                            Normal         20,633,322             651,143                    -                   -          17,670,165




For personal use only
                         (1) For KMPs who commenced during the year, the balance is as at the date they became a KMP.
                         (2) Relates to the period during which the Group Executive was KMP.
                         (3) For KMPs who ceased during the year, the balance is as at the date they ceased to be a KMP.
                         (4) The aggregated loan balance at the end of the year includes loans issued to 18 KMP.
                         (5) Includes the KMP's related parties, which includes their close family members or any entity they or their close family members control, jointly control or
                             significantly influence.


                        Aggregated loans to KMP and their related parties above $100,000

                                                                                                             KMP and related parties                                                         KMP
                                                                             Balance at                                                                                               Highest
                                                                              beginning              Interest        Interest not                                 Balance at    indebtedness
                                                                                of year(1)           charged(2)          charged             Write-off           end of year(3)   during 2024(4)
                         NAB and the Group                                               $                    $                    $                    $                    $                       $
                         Non-executive directors
                         David Armstrong (for part year)                          988,994               10,398                     -                    -           1,003,729                        -
                         Kathryn Fagg                                           2,755,514               72,459                     -                    -           2,654,108                2,754,830
                         Doug McKay                                             2,226,851              101,156                     -                    -           1,501,249                   50,435
                         Carolyn Kay                                              719,290               35,536                     -                    -            665,054                   710,237
                         Simon McKeon                                           1,742,185              102,693                     -                    -           1,719,859                1,742,185
                         Group CEO
                         Andrew Irvine                                        14,374,813               395,610                     -                    -         15,478,449                15,673,507
                         Group Executives
                         Sharon Cook                                            3,354,097              118,510                     -                    -           3,242,351                1,004,112
                         Shaun Dooley                                           1,047,745               30,346                                                      1,013,517                  580,372
                         Nathan Goonan                                          4,273,509              178,578                     -                    -           4,158,047                4,279,067
                         Daniel Huggins                                         4,938,801              258,540                     -                    -           4,808,869                4,844,677
                         Les Matheson                                           3,655,493              182,498                     -                    -           2,418,088                   68,363
                         Rachel Slade                                           5,240,616              165,916                     -                    -           5,102,986                5,266,427
                         Patrick Wright                                         3,006,150               38,726                     -                    -           2,577,515                   22,591
                         Sarah White                                            3,448,696              130,361                     -                    -           3,492,274                3,492,274
                         Ana Marinkovic (for part year)                         3,095,388               92,434                     -                    -           6,930,380                6,930,031
                         Cathryn Carver (for part year)                         3,180,327               38,702                     -                    -           3,439,014                2,356,565
                         Former Group Executives
                         Ross McEwan (for part year)                            1,090,667               25,087                     -                    -           1,267,174                  950,500
                         David Gall (for part year)                             4,338,972               78,325                     -                    -           4,084,474                  709,231
                         Angela Mentis (for part year)                            639,676                4,150                     -                    -            650,130                    15,190
                         (1) For KMPs who commenced during the year, the balance is as at the date they became a KMP.
                         (2) The interest charged may include the impact of interest offset facilities and only relates to the period during which the non-executive director, Group CEO or Group
                             Executive was KMP.
                         (3) For KMPs who ceased during the year, the balance is as at the date they ceased to be a KMP.
                         (4) Represents aggregate highest indebtedness of the KMP during 2024. All other items in this table relate to the KMP and their related parties.




                        160   National Australia Bank
                        Remuneration Report (cont.)




                        8.2 Other transactions


                                                                                                                                                                        About
                        From time to time various KMP and their related parties will hold investments in funds that are either managed, related to or
                        controlled by the Group. All such transactions with KMP and their related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that
                        prevail in arm's length transactions.
                        All other transactions that have occurred with KMP are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's length                        this report
                        transactions. These transactions generally involve the provision of financial and investment services including services to
                        eligible international assignees ensuring they are neither financially advantaged nor disadvantaged by their relocation. All such
                        transactions that have occurred with KMP and their related parties have been trivial or domestic in nature. In this context,
                        transactions are trivial in nature when they are considered of little or no interest to the users of the Remuneration Report in

                                                                                                                                                                     Our business
                        making and evaluating decisions about the allocation of scarce resources. Transactions are domestic in nature when they relate
                        to personal household activities.


                                                                                                                                                                        in 2024
                        8.3 Other equity instrument holdings

                        In the year ending 30 September 2024, no KMP or their related parties held or transacted any equity instruments (either directly or
                        indirectly) other than the NAB shares and equity-based compensation disclosed in Sections 6 and 7.

                        8.4 Other relevant interests



                                                                                                                                                                       Creating value




For personal use only
                        Each KMP or their related parties from time to time invest in various debentures, registered schemes and securities offered by
                        NAB and certain subsidiaries of NAB. The level of interests held directly and indirectly as at 30 September 2024 were:

                                                                                                                                                    Relevant
                         Name                                   Nature of product                                                             Interest (Units)
                         Non-executive directors
                         Ann Sherry                             NAB Capital Notes 3                                                                      1,500
                         Group Executives                                                                                                                            Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                    Governance
                         Sharon Cook                            NAB Capital Notes 3                                                                      2,000


                        There are no contracts, other than those disclosed in Table 8.4 immediately above, to which directors are a party, or under                  Statement
                        which the directors are entitled to a benefit and that confer the right to call for, or deliver shares in, debentures of, or interests
                        in, a registered scheme made available by NAB or a related body corporate. All of the directors have disclosed interests in
                        organisations not related to the Group and are to be regarded as interested in any contract or proposed contract that may be
                        made between NAB and any such organisations.

                                                                                                                                                                        Risk

                                                                                                                                                                     management




                                                                                                                                                                       Report of


                                                                                                                                                                     the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                      Additional

                                                                                                                                                                     information




                                                                                                                                         2024 Annual Report   161
                        Directors' signatures
                        This report of directors is signed in accordance with a resolution of the directors:




                         Philip Chronican
                         Chair
                         7 November 2024




                         Andrew Irvine
                         Group Chief Executive Officer
                         7 November 2024




For personal use only




                        162   National Australia Bank
                                                                     Ernst & Young
                                                                     8 Exhibition Street                  Tel: +61 3 9288 8000
                                                                     Melbourne VIC 3000 Australia         Fax: +61 3 8650 7777
                                                                     GPO Box 67, Melbourne VIC 3001       ey.com/au

                                                                                                                                                                About

                                                                                                                                                             this report




                        Auditor’s Independence Declaration to the Directors of National
                                                                                                                                                             Our business
                        Australia Bank Limited

                        As lead auditor for the audit of the financial report of National Australia Bank Limited for the financial                              in 2024
                        year ended 30 September 2024, I declare to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

                             a) no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in




                                                                                                                                                               Creating value
                                relation to the audit;




For personal use only
                             b) no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit; and
                             c) no non-audit services provided that contravene any applicable code of professional conduct in
                                relation to the audit.

                        This declaration is in respect of National Australia Bank Limited and the entities it controlled during the
                        financial year.
                                                                                                                                                             Corporate
                                                                                                                                                            Governance
                                                                                                                                                             Statement



                        Ernst & Young
                                                                                                                                                                Risk

                                                                                                                                                             management


                        T M Dring
                        Partner
                                                                                                                                                               Report of
                        7 November 2024


                                                                                                                                                             the Directors




                                                                                                                                                               Financial report




                                                                                                                                                              Additional

                                                                                                                                                             information


                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation                          2024 Annual Report   163
                This page has been intentionally left blank.




For personal use only
                                               Corporate
   About      Our business                                    Risk        Report of                         Additional
                             Creating value   Governance                                Financial report
this report      in 2024                                   management   the Directors                      information
                                               Statement
                         Financial
                         report
                             For personal use only
                This page has been intentionally left blank.




For personal use only
                        Financial report
                        Income statements                                      168

                        Statements of comprehensive income                     169

                        Balance sheets                                         170                                                                              About

                                                                                                                                                             this report
                        Statements of cash flows                               171

                        Statements of changes in equity                        173

                        Consolidated entity disclosure statement               262

                        Directors' declaration                                 264


                                                                                                                                                             Our business
                        Report on the audit of the financial report            265



                                                                                                                                                                in 2024

                        Introduction                                          175      Other assets and liabilities                              229
                        Notes to the financial statements                        175




                        Note 1 Basis of preparation                            175     Note 22 Goodwill and other intangible assets                  229




                                                                                                                                                               Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                       Note 23 Other assets                                          231

                        Financial performance                                 177      Note 24 Provisions                                            232

                                                                                       Note 25 Other liabilities                                     233
                        Note 2 Segment information                             178
                                                                                       Note 26 Leases                                                234
                        Note 3 Net interest income                            180

                        Note 4 Other income                                    181

                        Note 5 Operating expenses                             182      Capital management                                        236         Corporate

                        Note 6 Income tax                                     184      Note 27 Contributed equity                                    236    Governance
                        Note 7 Earnings per share                             186      Note 28 Non-controlling interests                             237     Statement
                                                                                       Note 29 Reserves                                              238

                        Financial instruments                                 187      Note 30 Dividends                                             239


                        Assets                                                                                                                                  Risk
                                                                                       Unrecognised items                                            241
                                                                                                                                                             management
                        Note 8 Cash and balances with other banks             190
                                                                                       Note 31 Commitments and contingent liabilities                 241
                        Note 9 Trading assets                                 190

                        Note 10 Debt instruments                               191

                        Note 11 Other financial assets                         191     Other disclosures                                         245

                                                                                                                                                               Report of
                        Note 12 Loans and advances                            192      Note 32 Interest in subsidiaries and other entities           245

                                                                                       Note 33 Related party disclosures                             249
                        Liabilities
                        Note 13 Deposits and other borrowings                 192
                                                                                       Note 34 Remuneration of external auditor                       251    the Directors
                                                                                       Note 35 Equity-based plans                                    252
                        Note 14 Bonds, notes and subordinated debt            193
                                                                                       Note 36 Capital adequacy                                      258
                        Note 15 Debt issues                                   195




                                                                                                                                                               Financial report
                                                                                       Note 37 Notes to the statement of cash flows                  259
                        Note 16 Other financial liabilities                   196
                                                                                       Note 38 Events subsequent to reporting date                   261
                        Risk management
                        Note 17 Provision for credit impairment on loans at    197
                                amortised cost

                        Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting              203

                        Note 19 Financial risk management                      211

                                                                                                                                                              Additional
                        Note 20 Fair value of financial instruments           224

                        Note 21 Financial asset transfers                     228
                                                                                                                                                             information




                                                                                                                                2024 Annual Report    167
                        Financial report

                        Income statements

                                                                                                     Group                  Company
                         For the year ended 30 September                                Note     2024          2023       2024        2023
                                                                                                   $m           $m          $m          $m
                         Interest income
                          Effective interest rate method                                       52,012        46,358     48,036     42,478
                          Fair value through profit or loss                                      6,285        1,714       5,745       1,404
                         Interest expense                                                      (41,540)      (31,265)   (41,056)   (30,894)
                         Net interest income                                             3     16,757        16,807     12,725     12,988
                         Other income                                                    4       3,889        3,841       5,572    10,301
                         Operating expenses                                              5     (10,026)       (9,382)    (8,832)      (8,423)
                         Credit impairment charge                                        17      (741)         (816)      (619)        (654)
                         Profit before income tax                                                9,879       10,450       8,846    14,212
                         Income tax expense                                              6      (2,798)       (2,980)    (1,952)      (2,200)
                         Net profit for the year from continuing operations                      7,081        7,470       6,894    12,012
                         Net loss after tax for the year from discontinued operations            (103)           (51)         -            -
                         Net profit for the year                                                 6,978        7,419       6,894    12,012




For personal use only
                          Attributable to non-controlling interests                                18              5          -            -
                          Attributable to owners of the Company                                  6,960        7,414       6,894    12,012


                         Earnings per share                                                     cents        cents
                         Basic                                                           7       224.6        236.4
                         Diluted                                                         7       222.7        228.7
                         Basic from continuing operations                                7       227.9        238.0
                         Diluted from continuing operations                              7       225.8        230.2




                        168   National Australia Bank
                        Financial report

                        Statements of comprehensive income

                                                                                                                               Group                                          Company
                         For the year ended 30 September                                                                  2024                    2023                     2024                    2023

                                                                                                                                                                                                                   About
                                                                                                                            $m                      $m                       $m                        $m
                         Net profit for the year from continuing operations                                              7,081                   7,470                    6,894                  12,012
                         Other comprehensive income
                                                                                                                                                                                                                this report
                         Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
                         Fair value changes attributable to the Group's own credit risk
                         on financial liabilities designated at fair value                                                  (87)                    (67)                     (95)                      (70)
                         Revaluation of land and buildings                                                                   (2)                     (4)                        -                        -


                                                                                                                                                                                                                Our business
                         Revaluation of equity instruments at fair value through other
                         comprehensive income                                                                                  4                     17                         5                       16
                         Tax on items transferred directly to equity                                                         26                      20                       26                        22

                                                                                                                                                                                                                   in 2024
                         Total items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss                                        (59)                    (34)                     (64)                      (32)
                         Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit
                         or loss
                         Cash flow hedge reserve                                                                         2,101                       66                   2,152                        303
                         Cost of hedging reserve        (1)
                                                                                                                          (198)                    (160)                     (87)                      (44)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Creating value




For personal use only
                         Foreign currency translation reserve:
                           Currency adjustments on translation of foreign operations                                      (222)                     709                      (41)                      117
                           Transfer to the income statement on disposal or partial
                           disposal of foreign operations                                                                      -                    (29)                        -                      (29)
                         Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
                         income reserve:
                           Revaluation losses                                                                             (520)                     (14)                   (520)                       (14)
                           Losses transferred to income statement                                                           104                     (32)                     104                       (32)
                         Tax on items transferred directly to equity                                                      (445)                      38                    (492)                       (63)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                Corporate
                         Total items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit
                         or loss                                                                                            820                     578                   1,116                        238     Governance
                                                                                                                                                                                                                Statement
                         Other comprehensive income for the year, net of
                         income tax                                                                                         761                     544                   1,052                        206
                         Total comprehensive income for the year from
                         continuing operations                                                                           7,842                   8,014                    7,946                  12,218
                         Net loss after tax for the year from discontinued operations                                     (103)                     (51)                        -                        -


                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Risk
                         Total comprehensive income for the year                                                         7,739                   7,963                    7,946                  12,218
                         Attributable to non-controlling interests(2)                                                        18                      13                         -                        -
                         Total comprehensive income attributable to owners of

                                                                                                                                                                                                                management
                         the Company                                                                                     7,721                   7,950                    7,946                  12,218
                         (1) During the 2024 financial year, approximately $4 million was reclassified out of the cost of hedging reserve and into profit or loss in the Group, as a result of early
                             termination of a hedging instrument.
                         (2) The Group includes $nil (2023: $8 million) relating to foreign currency translation of the non-controlling interests in BNZ.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Report of

                                                                                                                                                                                                                the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                                information




                                                                                                                                                                              2024 Annual Report         169
                        Financial report

                        Balance sheets

                                                                                                                                         Group                             Company
                         As at 30 September                                                                       Note              2024              2023              2024              2023
                                                                                                                                      $m                $m                 $m                 $m
                         Assets
                         Cash and liquid assets(1)                                                                   8              2,499           24,699              2,318           23,959
                         Due from other banks                                                                        8           110,438           117,306           105,061           106,955
                         Collateral placed                                                                                          9,633           11,286              8,929           10,214
                         Trading assets                                                                              9           133,606           101,168           120,517            90,417
                         Derivative assets                                                                          18            28,766            34,269            28,458            33,784
                         Debt instruments                                                                           10            41,999            46,357            41,983            46,336
                         Other financial assets                                                                     11                769            1,430                769            1,708
                         Loans and advances                                                                         12           732,692           702,702           634,346           607,684
                         Current tax assets                                                                                            25                20                25                 19
                         Due from controlled entities                                                                                    -                -           51,039            43,577
                         Deferred tax assets                                                                         6              3,181            3,499              2,802            3,059
                         Property, plant and equipment                                                                              2,865            3,016              2,220            1,935




For personal use only
                         Investments in controlled entities                                                                              -                -           11,076            10,025
                         Goodwill and other intangible assets                                                       22              5,224            4,952              2,661            2,392
                         Other assets                                                                               23              8,551            8,379              6,884            7,717
                         Total assets                                                                                          1,080,248         1,059,083         1,019,088           989,781
                         Liabilities
                         Due to other banks(1)                                                                       8            12,328            39,516              7,909           33,965
                         Collateral received                                                                                        5,151           10,672              4,180            9,281
                         Other financial liabilities                                                                16            70,272            66,352            62,836            51,745
                         Deposits and other borrowings                                                              13           712,566           682,120           636,565           608,641
                         Derivative liabilities                                                                     18            32,576            35,633            33,013            36,110
                         Current tax liabilities                                                                                    1,042            1,012                864                 978
                         Provisions                                                                                 24              1,804            1,852              1,466            1,651
                         Due to controlled entities                                                                                      -                -           51,830            44,059
                         Bonds, notes and subordinated debt                                                         14           156,294           135,645           140,556           124,329
                         Debt issues                                                                                15              9,560            8,561              9,560            8,561
                         Other liabilities                                                                          25            16,442            16,217            12,984            13,938
                         Total liabilities                                                                                     1,018,035           997,580           961,763           933,258
                         Net assets                                                                                               62,213            61,503            57,325            56,523
                         Equity
                         Contributed equity                                                                         27            36,581            38,546            35,795            37,760
                         Reserves                                                                                   29               (362)          (1,192)              (434)           (1,565)
                         Retained profits                                                                                         25,236            23,800            21,964            20,328
                         Total equity (attributable to owners of the Company)                                                     61,455            61,154            57,325            56,523
                         Non-controlling interests                                                                  28                758              349                   -                  -
                         Total equity                                                                                             62,213            61,503            57,325            56,523
                         (1) During the 2023 financial year, the Group and the Company established new portfolios of reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements which are held for
                             trading. New transactions under these agreements are measured at fair value through profit or loss and are included in Note 9 Trading assets and Note 16 Other
                             financial liabilities.




                        170   National Australia Bank
                        Financial report

                        Statements of cash flows

                                                                                                                Group                   Company
                         For the year ended 30 September                                           Note     2024          2023        2024         2023

                                                                                                                                                                    About
                                                                                                              $m           $m          $m           $m
                         Cash flows from operating activities
                         Interest received                                                                58,715        47,338      54,250       43,275
                                                                                                                                                                 this report
                         Interest paid                                                                    (40,575)      (28,548)   (40,251)      (28,555)
                         Dividends received                                                                     4             2      3,108         2,053
                         Net trading income received                                                         405         4,993          65         4,083
                         Other income received                                                              2,392        2,572       1,752         1,704

                                                                                                                                                                 Our business
                         Operating expenses paid                                                           (7,712)       (7,614)    (6,585)       (6,598)
                         Income tax paid                                                                   (2,834)       (2,973)    (2,208)       (2,034)

                                                                                                                                                                    in 2024
                         Cash flows from operating activities before changes in operating assets
                         and liabilities                                                                  10,395        15,770      10,131       13,928
                         Changes in operating assets and liabilities
                         Net (increase) / decrease in
                          Collateral placed                                                                 1,637        2,075       1,283          528




                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value




For personal use only
                          Deposits with central banks and other regulatory authorities                      2,934       10,490       2,934       10,490
                          Trading assets                                                                  (31,708)      (58,148)   (29,764)      (53,920)
                          Other financial assets designated at fair value                                    610           682          54         1,036
                          Loans and advances                                                              (32,547)      (15,854)   (27,953)      (13,534)
                          Other assets                                                                       999          (237)      1,346         (432)
                         Net increase / (decrease) in
                          Collateral received                                                              (5,513)       (6,893)    (5,111)       (6,297)

                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate
                          Deposits and other borrowings                                                   31,687         (9,157)    28,195       (12,366)
                          Other financial liabilities                                                       7,452       44,592      10,752       43,099
                          Other liabilities                                                                (2,807)         296      (3,660)         814         Governance
                         Net funds advanced to and receipts from other banks                              (23,145)      (10,468)   (23,209)      (10,857)        Statement
                         Net movement in derivative assets and liabilities                                  4,225          153       2,794         2,300
                         Changes in operating assets and liabilities arising from cash
                         flow movements                                                                   (46,176)      (42,469)   (42,339)      (39,139)
                         Net cash provided by / (used in) operating activities                      37    (35,781)      (26,699)   (32,208)      (25,211)

                                                                                                                                                                    Risk
                         Cash flows from investing activities
                         Movement in debt instruments


                                                                                                                                                                 management
                          Purchases                                                                       (27,966)      (34,455)   (27,957)      (34,435)
                          Proceeds from disposal and maturity                                             33,927        31,296      33,914       31,280
                         Net movement in other debt and equity instruments                                    69            59          94              (32)
                         Net movement in amounts due from controlled entities                                   -             -       (770)       (3,320)
                         Net movement in shares in controlled entities                                          -             -        611               5


                                                                                                                                                                   Report of
                         Net movement in shares in associates and joint ventures                               (4)            -           -               -
                         Proceeds from sale of controlled entities and business closures, net of


                                                                                                                                                                 the Directors
                         costs and cash disposed                                                             104            82            -             82
                         Purchase of property, plant, equipment and software                               (1,440)       (1,192)    (1,168)        (900)
                         Proceeds from sale of property, plant, equipment and software, net
                         of costs                                                                               1             -           -               -
                         Net cash provided by / (used in) investing activities                              4,691        (4,210)     4,724        (7,320)




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                  Additional

                                                                                                                                                                 information




                                                                                                                                   2024 Annual Report     171
                        Financial report

                        Statements of cash flows

                                                                                                                 Group                 Company
                         For the year ended 30 September                                                     2024         2023       2024       2023
                                                                                                               $m          $m          $m         $m
                         Cash flows from financing activities
                         Repayments of bonds‚ notes and subordinated debt                                  (26,638)   (31,143)     (20,734)   (26,937)
                         Proceeds from issue of bonds‚ notes and subordinated debt‚ net of costs(1)        42,783        42,827    37,655     38,948
                         Payments for share buy-back                                                        (2,077)       (904)     (2,077)      (904)
                         Purchase of shares for dividend reinvestment plan neutralisation                    (509)        (693)      (509)       (693)
                         Purchase of treasury shares for employee share offer                                  (25)         (23)       (25)       (23)
                         Proceeds from debt issues, net of costs                                              999         1,243       999      1,243
                         Proceeds from issue of BNZ perpetual preference shares                               404          336           -          -
                         Dividends and distributions paid (excluding dividend reinvestment plan)            (4,700)      (4,339)    (4,682)    (4,334)
                         Repayments of other financing activities                                            (321)        (328)      (283)       (284)
                         Net cash provided by / (used in) financing activities                               9,916        6,976    10,344      7,016
                         Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                            (21,174)   (23,933)     (17,140)   (25,515)
                         Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                  40,589        62,179    31,781     55,183




For personal use only
                         Effects of foreign exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                      (579)        2,343      (496)     2,113
                         Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                     37   18,836        40,589    14,145     31,781
                         (1) Includes RBNZ's FLP.




                        172   National Australia Bank
                        Financial report

                        Statements of changes in equity

                                                                                                                                                            Non-
                                                                                          Contributed                           Retained               controlling        Total
                                                                                               equity(1)       Reserves(2)        profits     Total     interests        equity

                                                                                                                                                                                            About
                         Group                                                                        $m               $m             $m        $m             $m           $m
                         Year to 30 September 2023
                         Balance at 1 October 2022                                                39,399           (1,839)         21,472    59,032              -       59,032          this report
                         Net profit for the year from continuing operations                             -                -          7,465     7,465             5          7,470
                         Net loss for the year from discontinued operations                             -                -            (51)      (51)             -              (51)
                         Other comprehensive income for the year from
                         continuing operations                                                          -             583             (47)     536              8           544


                                                                                                                                                                                         Our business
                         Total comprehensive income for the year                                        -             583           7,367     7,950            13          7,963
                         Transactions with owners, recorded directly


                                                                                                                                                                                            in 2024
                         in equity
                          Contributions by and distributions to owners
                            Share buy-back                                                          (904)                -              -      (904)             -         (904)
                            Purchase of treasury shares for employee
                            share offer(3)                                                            (23)               -              -       (23)             -              (23)
                            Transfer from / (to) retained profits                                       -                7             (7)        -              -                -




                                                                                                                                                                                           Creating value




For personal use only
                            Transfer from / (to) equity-based
                            compensation reserve                                                       74              (74)             -         -              -                -
                            Equity-based compensation                                                   -             131               -      131               -          131
                            Dividends and distributions paid(4)                                         -                -         (5,027)   (5,027)            (5)       (5,032)
                          Other equity movements
                            Issue of BNZ perpetual preference shares                                    -                -             (5)       (5)          341           336
                         Balance at 30 September 2023                                             38,546           (1,192)         23,800    61,154           349        61,503
                         Restatement for adoption of AASB 17
                         Insurance Contracts(5)                                                         -                -           (271)     (271)             -         (271)         Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                        Governance
                         Restated balance as at 1 October 2023                                    38,546           (1,192)         23,529    60,883           349        61,232
                         Year to 30 September 2024
                         Net profit for the year from continuing operations                             -                -         7,063      7,063            18         7,081
                                                                                                                                                                                         Statement
                         Net loss for the year from discontinued operations                             -                -          (103)     (103)              -         (103)
                         Other comprehensive income for the year from
                         continuing operations                                                          -             822            (61)      761               -          761


                                                                                                                                                                                            Risk
                         Total comprehensive income for the year                                        -             822          6,899      7,721            18         7,739
                         Transactions with owners, recorded directly
                         in equity

                                                                                                                                                                                         management
                          Contributions by and distributions to owners
                            Share buy-back                                                        (2,077)                -              -    (2,077)             -       (2,077)
                            Purchase of treasury shares for employee
                            share offer(6)                                                           (25)                -              -      (25)              -          (25)
                            Transfer from / (to) retained profits                                       -               (4)            4          -              -                -


                                                                                                                                                                                           Report of
                            Transfer from / (to) equity-based
                            compensation reserve                                                     137             (137)              -         -              -                -
                            Equity-based compensation                                                   -             149               -      149               -          149

                                                                                                                                                                                         the Directors
                            Dividends and distributions paid(4)                                         -                -        (5,191)    (5,191)          (18)       (5,209)
                          Other equity movements
                            Issue of BNZ perpetual preference shares(7)                                 -                -            (5)        (5)          409           404
                         Balance as at 30 September 2024                                         36,581              (362)        25,236     61,455           758        62,213




                                                                                                                                                                                           Financial report
                         (1) Refer to Note 27 Contributed equity for further details.
                         (2) Refer to Note 29 Reserves for further details.
                         (3) This represents an on-market purchase of 748,032 shares at an average price of $30.70 per share.
                         (4) Refer to Note 30 Dividends for further details.
                         (5) Refer to Note 1 Basis of preparation for further details.
                         (6) This represents an on-market purchase of 862,221 shares at an average price of $29.17 per share.
                         (7) Refer to Note 28 Non-controlling interests for further details.




                                                                                                                                                                                          Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                         information




                                                                                                                                                           2024 Annual Report     173
                        Financial report

                        Statements of changes in equity

                                                                                                             Contributed                      Retained      Total
                                                                                                                  equity(1)     Reserves(2)     profits    equity
                         Company                                                                                        $m            $m            $m        $m
                         Year to 30 September 2023
                         Balance at 1 October 2022                                                                   38,613        (1,874)       13,389    50,128
                         Net profit for the year from continuing operations                                                -            -        12,012    12,012
                         Other comprehensive income for the year from
                         continuing operations                                                                             -          254           (48)      206
                         Total comprehensive income for the year                                                           -          254        11,964    12,218
                         Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity
                          Contributions by and distributions to owners
                              Share buy-back                                                                           (904)            -             -      (904)
                              Purchase of treasury shares for employee share offer(3)                                   (23)            -             -       (23)
                              Transfer from / (to) retained profits                                                        -           (2)           2          -
                              Transfer from / (to) equity-based compensation reserve                                     74           (74)            -         -
                              Equity-based compensation                                                                    -          131             -       131
                              Dividends and distributions paid(4)                                                          -            -        (5,027)   (5,027)




For personal use only
                         Balance at 30 September 2023                                                                37,760        (1,565)       20,328    56,523
                         Year to 30 September 2024
                         Net profit for the year from continuing operations                                                -            -        6,894      6,894
                         Other comprehensive income for the year from
                         continuing operations                                                                             -        1,121          (69)     1,052
                         Total comprehensive income for the year                                                           -        1,121        6,825      7,946
                         Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity
                          Contributions by and distributions to owners
                              Share buy-back                                                                        (2,077)             -             -    (2,077)
                              Purchase of treasury shares for employee share offer(5)                                   (25)            -             -      (25)
                              Transfer from / (to) retained profits                                                        -           (2)           2          -
                              Transfer from / (to) equity-based compensation reserve                                    137         (137)             -         -
                              Equity-based compensation                                                                    -         149              -      149
                              Dividends and distributions paid(4)                                                          -            -       (5,191)    (5,191)
                         Balance as at 30 September 2024                                                            35,795          (434)       21,964     57,325
                         (1) Refer to Note 27 Contributed equity for further details.
                         (2) Refer to Note 29 Reserves for further details.
                         (3) This represents an on-market purchase of 748,032 shares at an average price of $30.70 per share.
                         (4) Refer to Note 30 Dividends for further details.
                         (5) This represents an on-market purchase of 862,221 shares at an average price of $29.17 per share.




                        174   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Introduction

                        Note 1
                        Basis of preparation
                        This is the financial report of National Australia Bank Limited (the Company) together with its controlled entities (Group) for the               About

                                                                                                                                                                       this report
                        year ended 30 September 2024. The Company, incorporated and domiciled in Australia, is a for-profit company limited by shares
                        which are publicly traded on the Australian Securities Exchange.
                        The directors resolved to authorise the issue of the financial report on 7 November 2024. The directors have the power to amend
                        and reissue the financial report.
                        The financial report includes information to the extent the Group considers it material and relevant to the understanding of
                        users. Disclosed information is considered material and relevant if, for example:
                        •   The dollar amount is significant in size or by nature.                                                                                     Our business
                        •   The Group’s results cannot be understood by users without the specific disclosure.
                        •   The information is important to help users understand the impact of significant changes in the Group’s business during the                    in 2024
                            financial year, for example, a business acquisition, disposal, or an impairment / write-down.
                        •   The information relates to an aspect of the Group’s operations which is important to its future performance.
                        •   The information is required under legislative requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), the Banking Act 1959 (Cth) or
                            by the Group’s principal regulators, including the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) and the Australian




                                                                                                                                                                         Creating value




For personal use only
                            Prudential Regulation Authority (APRA).

                        Basis of preparation
                        This general purpose financial report has been prepared by a for-profit company, in accordance with the requirements of
                        the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and accounting standards and interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards
                        Board (AASB). Compliance with standards and interpretations issued by the AASB ensures that this financial report complies with
                        International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).
                        Amounts are presented in Australian dollars (unless otherwise stated), which is the Company’s functional and presentation
                        currency. These amounts have been rounded to the nearest million dollars ($m), except where indicated, as allowed by ASIC                      Corporate
                        Corporations Instrument 2016/191.
                        Unless otherwise stated, comparative information has been restated for any changes to presentation made in the current year.
                                                                                                                                                                      Governance
                        Discontinued operations are excluded from the results of continuing operations and are presented as a single amount in the                     Statement
                        Group's income statement and statement of comprehensive income.
                        To comply with its obligations as an Australian Financial Services Licence holder, the Group includes the separate financial
                        statements of the Company in this financial report, which is permitted by ASIC Corporations (Parent Entity Financial Statements)
                        Instrument 2021/195.

                        Basis of measurement                                                                                                                              Risk

                                                                                                                                                                       management
                        The financial report has been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for:
                        •   Certain assets and liabilities (including derivative instruments) measured at fair value through profit or loss, or at fair value
                            through other comprehensive income.
                        •   Financial assets and liabilities that are otherwise measured on an amortised cost basis but adjusted for changes in fair value
                            attributable to the risk being hedged in qualifying fair value hedge relationships.


                                                                                                                                                                         Report of
                        Accounting policies
                        The Group adopted AASB 17 Insurance Contracts (AASB 17) effective 1 October 2023. The impact from the adoption of AASB 17 was

                                                                                                                                                                       the Directors
                        limited to a reduction of $271 million in the carrying value of the Group’s equity-accounted investment in MLC Life (included in
                        Note 23 Other assets), with a corresponding decrease in retained profits.
                        Except as explained above, the accounting policies and methods of computation applied in this report are consistent with those
                        applied in the Group's 2023 Annual Report. There were no other amendments to Australian Accounting Standards adopted during
                        the year that have a material impact on the Group.




                                                                                                                                                                         Financial report
                        Critical accounting judgements and estimates
                        In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management have made a number of judgements and assumptions
                        and applied estimates of future events. Some of these areas include:
                        •   Impairment charges on loans and advances.
                        •   Fair value of financial assets and liabilities.
                        •   Impairment assessment of goodwill and other intangible assets.
                        •   Determination of income tax.


                                                                                                                                                                        Additional
                        •   Provisions for customer-related remediation and other regulatory matters.
                        Further details of these critical accounting judgements and estimates are provided in the respective notes to the

                                                                                                                                                                       information
                        financial statements.




                                                                                                                                           2024 Annual Report   175
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 1 Basis of preparation (cont.)

                        Future accounting developments
                        AASB 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements was issued in June 2024 and replaces AASB 101 Presentation
                        of Financial Statements and will be effective for the Group from 1 October 2027. AASB 18 introduces enhanced presentation
                        requirements in the financial statements, including new categories and subtotals in the income statement, disclosures about
                        management-defined performance measures (i.e. cash earnings), and enhanced guidance on the grouping of information. The
                        Group is currently assessing the impact of this new Standard.
                        There are no other new standards or amendments to existing standards that are not yet effective which are expected to have a
                        material impact on the Group’s financial statements.




For personal use only




                        176   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Financial performance

                        Overview
                        A description of the operating activities of each reportable segment is provided below:
                        •   Business and Private Banking focuses on NAB's priority small and medium enterprise (SME) customer segments. This includes                About
                            diversified businesses, as well as specialised Agriculture, Health, Professional Services, Franchisees, Government, Education
                            and Community service segments along with Private Banking and JBWere.                                                                 this report
                        •   Personal Banking provides banking products and services to customers including securing a home loan and managing
                            personal finances through deposits, credit card or personal loan facilities. Customers are supported through a network
                            of branches and ATMs, call centres, digital capabilities as well as through proprietary lenders and mortgage brokers.
                        •   Corporate and Institutional Banking partners with customers globally to meet their most complex financial needs, through

                                                                                                                                                                  Our business
                            a range of products and services including client coverage, corporate finance, markets, transactional banking, enterprise
                            payments and asset servicing (which is being wound down over approximately three years from November 2022). Corporate
                            and Institutional Banking serves its customers across Australia, US, Europe and Asia with specialised industry relationships

                                                                                                                                                                     in 2024
                            and product teams. Corporate and Institutional Banking included the Bank of New Zealand's Markets Trading operations up to
                            30 September 2023. From 1 October 2023, these operations are reported within New Zealand Banking.
                        •   New Zealand Banking serves customers across New Zealand with personal and business banking services, through a
                            nationwide network of customer centres, digital and assisted channels. From 1 October 2023, the Bank of New Zealand’s
                            Markets Trading operations and enabling units are reported within New Zealand Banking. Previously the Bank of New Zealand’s




                                                                                                                                                                    Creating value
                            Markets Trading operations were reported in Corporate and Institutional Banking and the enabling units within Corporate




For personal use only
                            Functions and Other.
                        •   Corporate Functions and Other includes ubank and enabling units that support all businesses including Treasury, Technology
                            and Enterprise Operations, Data, Digital and Analytics, Support Units and eliminations. Corporate Functions and Other included
                            the enabling units of the Bank of New Zealand up to 30 September 2023. From 1 October 2023, these enabling units are
                            reported within New Zealand Banking.
                        During the year, the Group transferred some customer lending and deposit portfolios between Personal Banking and Business
                        and Private Banking. There have also been some unrelated refinements to the allocation of support costs which resulted in some
                        costs previously recognised in Corporate Functions and Other being allocated to Business and Private Banking. Comparative
                        information has been restated to reflect these changes. Other than the above changes, the Group's reportable segments are                 Corporate
                        consistent with the 2023 Annual Report.                                                                                                  Governance
                                                                                                                                                                  Statement
                        The Group evaluates performance on the basis of cash earnings as it better reflects what is considered to be the underlying
                        performance of the Group. Cash earnings is a non-IFRS key financial performance measure used by the Group and the
                        investment community.
                        Cash earnings is calculated by adjusting statutory net profit from continuing operations for certain non-cash earnings items.
                        Non-cash earnings items are those items which are considered separately when assessing performance and analysing the


                                                                                                                                                                     Risk
                        underlying trends in the business. Cash earnings for the year ended 30 September 2024 has been adjusted for hedging and fair
                        value volatility, amortisation of acquired intangible assets, and certain other items associated with the acquisition, integration,
                        disposal or closure of Group businesses. Cash earnings does not purport to represent the cash flows, funding or liquidity position

                                                                                                                                                                  management
                        of the Group, nor any amount represented on a statement of cash flows.
                        The Group earns the vast majority of its revenue in the form of net interest income, being the difference between interest
                        earned on financial assets and interest paid on financial liabilities and other financing costs.




                                                                                                                                                                    Report of

                                                                                                                                                                  the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                   Additional

                                                                                                                                                                  information




                                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report   177
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 2
                        Segment information
                                                                                                                                       2024
                                                                                            Business                   Corporate                               Corporate
                                                                                                  and                         and                New           Functions
                                                                                              Private       Personal Institutional            Zealand                and          Total
                                                                                             Banking         Banking      Banking             Banking              Other(1)      Group
                                                                                                   $m              $m               $m              $m                $m            $m
                         Reportable segment information
                         Net interest income                                                    7,268            3,953           2,550            2,669               314       16,754
                         Other income                                                           1,031              626           1,346              545               (52)       3,496
                         Net operating income                                                   8,299            4,579           3,896            3,214               262       20,250
                         Operating expenses                                                    (3,111)         (2,618)          (1,445)          (1,185)           (1,068)       (9,427)
                         Underlying profit / (loss)                                             5,188            1,961           2,451            2,029              (806)      10,823
                         Credit Impairment (charge) / write-back                                 (523)            (288)               7            (129)              205         (728)
                         Cash earnings / (loss) before tax
                         and distributions                                                      4,665            1,673           2,458            1,900              (601)      10,095
                         Income tax (expense) / benefit                                        (1,408)            (499)           (686)            (549)              167        (2,975)
                         Cash earnings / (loss) before non-




For personal use only
                         controlling interests                                                  3,257            1,174           1,772            1,351              (434)       7,120
                         Non-controlling interests                                                   -                -               -             (18)                -          (18)
                         Cash earnings / (loss)                                                 3,257            1,174           1,772            1,333              (434)       7,102
                         Hedging and fair value volatility                                        (11)               1                -              16               (12)           (6)
                         Other non-cash earnings items                                              (9)            (13)               -              24               (35)         (33)
                         Net profit / (loss) for the year from
                         continuing operations                                                  3,237            1,162           1,772            1,373              (481)       7,063
                         Net loss from discontinued operations attributable
                         to owners of the Company                                                    -                -               -                -             (103)        (103)
                         Net profit / (loss) attributable to owners of
                         the Company                                                            3,237            1,162           1,772            1,373              (584)       6,960


                         Reportable segment assets(2)                                        262,096          260,056         278,047          120,389           159,660      1,080,248
                         (1) Corporate Functions and Other includes eliminations.
                         (2) Reportable segment assets include inter-company balances which are eliminated within the Corporate Functions and Other segment.




                        178   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 2 Segment information (cont.)

                                                                                                                                           2023
                                                                                              Business                     Corporate                              Corporate
                                                                                                    and                          and                  New         Functions
                                                                                                                                                                                                       About
                                                                                                Private        Personal Institutional              Zealand              and(1)         Total
                                                                                               Banking(1)       Banking(1)
                                                                                                                             Banking(1)            Banking(1)         Other(2)        Group

                                                                                                                                                                                                    this report
                                                                                                      $m               $m               $m                 $m             $m             $m
                         Reportable segment information
                         Net interest income                                                       7,232            4,367              2,304           2,673              231         16,807
                         Other income                                                                989              554              1,584               545            175          3,847
                         Net operating income                                                      8,221            4,921              3,888           3,218              406         20,654


                                                                                                                                                                                                    Our business
                         Operating expenses                                                       (2,996)           (2,561)          (1,428)          (1,129)            (909)         (9,023)
                         Underlying profit / (loss)                                                5,225            2,360              2,460           2,089             (503)        11,631


                                                                                                                                                                                                       in 2024
                         Credit Impairment (charge) / write-back                                    (564)             (291)              (32)             (141)           226           (802)
                         Cash earnings / (loss) before tax
                         and distributions                                                         4,661            2,069              2,428           1,948             (277)        10,829
                         Income tax (expense) / benefit                                           (1,403)             (608)            (588)              (549)            55          (3,093)
                         Cash earnings / (loss) before non-
                         controlling interests                                                     3,258            1,461              1,840           1,399             (222)         7,736




                                                                                                                                                                                                      Creating value




For personal use only
                         Non-controlling interests                                                      -                -                 -                (5)                 -           (5)
                         Cash earnings / (loss)                                                    3,258            1,461              1,840           1,394             (222)         7,731
                         Hedging and fair value volatility                                             (2)              (6)              (97)               (6)            82              (29)
                         Other non-cash earnings items                                                 (9)             (17)                -                 -           (211)          (237)
                         Net profit / (loss) for the year from
                         continuing operations                                                     3,247            1,438              1,743           1,388             (351)         7,465
                         Net loss from discontinued operations attributable
                         to owners of the Company                                                       -                -                 -                 -            (51)             (51)
                         Net profit / (loss) attributable to owners of                                                                                                                              Corporate
                         the Company                                                               3,247            1,438              1,743           1,388             (402)         7,414
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Governance
                         Reportable segment assets(3)                                            246,585          256,800          276,679          120,988          158,031        1,059,083       Statement
                         (1) Restated for changes to segments.
                         (2) Corporate Functions and Other includes eliminations.
                         (3) Reportable segment assets include inter-company balances which are eliminated within the Corporate Functions and Other segment.




                                                                                                                                                                                                       Risk
                        Major customers
                        No single customer contributes revenue greater than 10% of the Group’s revenues.


                                                                                                                                                                                                    management
                        Geographical information
                        The Group has operations in Australia (the Company’s country of domicile), New Zealand, Europe, the United States and Asia. The
                        allocation of income and non-current assets is based on the geographical location in which transactions are booked.

                                                                                                                                                       Group


                                                                                                                                                                                                      Report of
                                                                                                                                  Income                          Non-current assets(1)
                                                                                                                               2024               2023                2024              2023


                                                                                                                                                                                                    the Directors
                                                                                                                                 $m                 $m                  $m               $m
                         Australia                                                                                            16,255            16,674                6,891            7,115
                         New Zealand                                                                                           3,339              3,218               1,612            1,275
                         Other International                                                                                   1,374              1,051                 152              118
                         Total before inter-geographic eliminations                                                           20,968            20,943                8,655            8,508




                                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial report
                         Elimination of inter-geographic items                                                                 (322)               (295)                   -                 -
                         Total                                                                                                20,646            20,648                8,655            8,508
                         (1) Non-current assets include goodwill and other intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and investments in joint ventures and associates.




                                                                                                                                                                                                     Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                    information




                                                                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report     179
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 3
                        Net interest income

                          Accounting policy
                          Interest income and expense are recognised in the income statement using the effective interest method. The effective
                          interest method measures the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability using the effective interest rate. The
                          effective interest rate discounts the estimated stream of future cash payments or receipts over the expected life of the
                          financial instrument to the net carrying amount of the financial instrument.
                          Fees and costs which form an integral part of the effective interest rate of a financial instrument (for example, loan
                          origination fees) are recognised using the effective interest method and recorded in interest income or expense
                          depending on whether the underlying instrument is a financial asset or liability.
                          Included in net interest income are interest income and expense on trading assets, hedging instruments and financial
                          instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss.



                                                                                                               Group                     Company
                                                                                                           2024          2023          2024          2023
                                                                                                             $m           $m             $m           $m
                         Interest income




For personal use only
                         Effective interest rate method
                          Amortised cost
                              Due from other banks                                                         5,398         5,253         4,926         4,713
                              Loans and advances                                                          43,302        35,807        36,700        30,175
                              Due from controlled entities                                                     -             -         3,349         2,586
                              Other interest income                                                        1,036         3,554           787         3,261
                          Fair value through other comprehensive income
                              Debt instruments                                                             2,276         1,744         2,274         1,743
                         Total effective interest method                                                  52,012        46,358        48,036        42,478
                         Fair value through profit or loss
                          Trading instruments                                                              6,225         1,607         5,685         1,328
                          Other financial assets                                                              60          107             60           76
                         Total fair value through profit or loss                                           6,285         1,714         5,745         1,404
                         Total interest income                                                            58,297        48,072        53,781        43,882


                         Interest expense
                         Effective interest rate method
                          Amortised cost
                              Due to other banks                                                             726         1,705           562         1,525
                              Deposits and other borrowings                                               25,600        19,889        22,410        17,636
                              Bonds, notes and subordinated debt                                           9,539         7,083         8,649         6,413
                              Due to controlled entities                                                       -             -         4,571         3,515
                              Debt issues                                                                    475          362            475          362
                              Other interest expense                                                         419          640            319          555
                         Total effective interest method                                                  36,759        29,679        36,986        30,006
                         Fair value through profit or loss
                          Trading instruments                                                                 63           51             63           51
                          Other financial liabilities                                                      4,322         1,163         3,611          465
                         Total fair value through profit or loss                                           4,385         1,214         3,674          516
                         Bank levy                                                                           396          372            396          372
                         Total interest expense                                                           41,540        31,265        41,056        30,894
                         Net interest income                                                              16,757        16,807        12,725        12,988




                        180   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 4
                        Other income

                           Accounting policy
                           Categories of other income are measured as follows:                                                                                                                                About

                             Item                                    Measurement basis                                                                                                                     this report
                             Trading instruments                     Trading derivatives - Total fair value change (including interest income or expense).
                                                                     Trading assets - All fair value changes except for interest income or expense, which is
                                                                     recognised within net interest income.
                             Hedge ineffectiveness                   Represents hedge ineffectiveness arising from hedge accounting, which are the fair
                                                                     value movements (excluding interest income or expense) that do not offset the

                                                                                                                                                                                                           Our business
                                                                     hedged risk.
                             Financial instruments                   Includes fair value movements on such items, other than interest income or interest

                                                                                                                                                                                                              in 2024
                             designated at fair value                expense and fair value movements attributable to the Group’s own credit risk on
                                                                     financial liabilities.
                             Dividend revenue                        Dividend revenue is recognised in the income statement when the Group’s right to
                                                                     receive the dividend is established.
                             Lending fees and other                  Unless they form an integral part of the effective interest rate, fees and commissions
                             fees and commissions                    are recognised on an accruals basis when the service has been provided or on
                                                                     completion of the underlying transaction. Fees charged for providing ongoing services




                                                                                                                                                                                                             Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                     (for example, maintaining and administering existing facilities) are recognised as income
                                                                     over the period the service is provided.
                                                                     When a third party is involved in providing goods or services to the Group's customer,
                                                                     the Group assesses whether the nature of the arrangement with its customer is as
                                                                     a principal or an agent of the third party. When the Group is not acting in a principal
                                                                     capacity, the income earned by the Group is net of the amounts paid to the third
                                                                     party provider. The net consideration represents the Group's income for facilitating
                                                                     the transaction.
                             Net investment                          Investment management income is recognised on an accruals basis as the services
                             management income                       are provided and is presented net of direct and incremental investment management
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Corporate
                                                                     expenses incurred in the provision of these services.

                                                                                                                                                                                                          Governance
                                                                                                                                       Group                                 Company
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Statement
                                                                                                                                  2024                2023                 2024               2023
                                                                                                                                    $m                  $m                   $m                 $m
                         Net fees and commissions



                                                                                                                                                                                                              Risk
                         Lending fees                                                                                            1,202               1,141                  976                 932
                         Other fees and commissions(1)                                                                              936                893                  673                 667
                         Net investment management income

                                                                                                                                                                                                           management
                           Investment management income                                                                             284                304                      -                  -
                           Investment management expense                                                                          (163)                (155)                    -                  -
                         Total net fees and commissions                                                                          2,259               2,183                1,649               1,599


                         Gains less losses on financial instruments at fair value
                         Trading instruments                                                                                     2,097               1,141                1,363                 813
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Report of
                         Hedge ineffectiveness                                                                                      (21)                (21)                 (16)                (27)

                                                                                                                                                                                                           the Directors
                         Financial instruments designated at fair value                                                           (798)                390                 (446)                416
                         Total gains less losses on financial instruments at fair value                                          1,278               1,510                  901               1,202


                         Other operating income




                                                                                                                                                                                                             Financial report
                         Dividends(2)                                                                                                  4                  2               3,108               7,423
                         Share of profit from associates and joint ventures                                                            -                 25                     -                  -
                         Other(3)(4)                                                                                                348                121                   (86)                 77
                         Total other operating income                                                                               352                148                3,022               7,500
                         Total other income                                                                                      3,889               3,841                5,572              10,301
                         (1) In the 2024 financial year, the Group recognised customer-related remediation charges of $35 million (2023: $29 million) and the Company recognised customer-related
                             remediation charges of $82 million (2023: $39 million) in other fees and commissions. Customer-related remediation charges in the Company include MLC Wealth-
                             related matters which are presented in discontinued operations at the Group level.
                         (2) In the 2023 financial year, the Company received a dividend of $5.4 billion from National Equities Limited (following a dividend payment by BNZ) which was reinvested into


                                                                                                                                                                                                            Additional
                             additional ordinary shares.
                         (3) On 30 April 2024, the Group completed the disposal of its New Zealand wealth businesses in return for a 45% stake in FirstCape and cash proceeds of $135 million,
                             resulting in a gain on disposal of $395 million in other income. Refer to Note 32 Interest in subsidiaries and other entities for further information.

                                                                                                                                                                                                           information
                         (4) Includes $104 million of realised losses that have been transferred to the income statement on disposal of debt instruments at fair value through other
                             comprehensive income.




                                                                                                                                                                          2024 Annual Report       181
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 5
                        Operating expenses

                          Accounting policy
                          Operating expenses are recognised as services are provided to the Group, over the period in which an asset is consumed
                          or once a liability is created.
                          Amounts received by the Group as a reimbursement for costs incurred are recognised as a reduction of the
                          related expense.
                          Annual leave, long service leave and other personnel expenses
                          Salaries, annual leave and other employee entitlements expected to be paid or settled within 12 months of employees
                          rendering service are measured at their nominal amounts using remuneration rates that the Group expects to pay when
                          the liabilities are settled. A liability is recognised for the amount expected to be paid under short-term cash bonuses when
                          the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the
                          employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably. All other employee entitlements that are not expected to be paid
                          or settled within 12 months of the reporting date are measured at the present value of net future cash flows. Employee
                          entitlements to long service leave are accrued using an actuarial calculation, which includes assumptions regarding
                          employee departures, leave utilisation and future salary increases.
                          Termination benefits are recognised as an expense when the Group is demonstrably committed, without realistic
                          possibility of withdrawal, to a formal detailed plan to either terminate employment before the normal retirement date,




For personal use only
                          or to provide termination benefits as a result of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy. Termination benefits
                          for voluntary redundancy are recognised as an expense if the Group has made an offer of voluntary redundancy, it is
                          probable that the offer will be accepted, and the number of acceptances can be estimated reliably.
                          Refer to Note 24 Provisions for balances of provisions for employee entitlements.




                        182   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 5 Operating expenses (cont.)

                                                                                                                                  Group(1)                             Company(1)(2)
                                                                                                                               2024               2023                2024               2023

                                                                                                                                                                                                         About
                                                                                                                                 $m                 $m                  $m                 $m
                         Personnel expenses
                          Salaries and related on-costs                                                                       4,399              4,353               3,564               3,590
                                                                                                                                                                                                      this report
                          Superannuation costs-defined contribution plans                                                       396                366                  370                348
                          Performance-based compensation                                                                        596                557                  535                510
                          Other expenses                                                                                        475                215                  394                196
                         Total personnel expenses                                                                             5,866              5,491               4,863               4,644

                                                                                                                                                                                                      Our business
                         Occupancy and depreciation expenses

                                                                                                                                                                                                         in 2024
                          Rental expense                                                                                          99               100                  118                209
                          Depreciation and impairment                                                                           434                440                  333                274
                          Other expenses                                                                                          58                 57                  49                 53
                         Total occupancy and depreciation expenses                                                              591                597                  500                536




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Creating value




For personal use only
                         Technology expenses
                          Computer equipment and software                                                                     1,019                888                  811                740
                          Amortisation of software                                                                              681                577                  577                500
                          Depreciation of IT equipment                                                                          154                156                  132                136
                          Data communication and processing charges                                                             118                126                  103                109
                          Communications                                                                                          56                 58                  45                 44
                          Impairment losses recognised                                                                             8                 11                   9                  2
                         Total technology expenses                                                                            2,036              1,816               1,677               1,531        Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Governance
                         General expenses
                          Fees and commissions expense                                                                            23                 18                  24                 17        Statement
                          Amortisation of acquired intangible assets          (3)
                                                                                                                                  43                 43                  18                 19
                          Advertising and marketing                                                                             209                220                  157                166
                          Operational risk event losses and customer-related remediation(4)                                     136                103                  185                 72


                                                                                                                                                                                                         Risk
                          Postage and stationery                                                                                  88                 92                  77                 81
                          Professional fees                                                                                     646                711                  585                679


                                                                                                                                                                                                      management
                          Impairment losses recognised                                                                             -                  -                    -                10
                          Other expenses                                                                                        388                291                  746                668
                         Total general expenses                                                                               1,533              1,478               1,792               1,712
                         Total operating expenses                                                                            10,026              9,382               8,832               8,423
                         (1) During the year, the Group revised its presentation of operating expenses to present more relevant information about the categorisation of expenses. The 'Technology


                                                                                                                                                                                                        Report of
                             expenses' category includes amounts previously included within 'Occupancy and depreciation expenses' and 'General expenses'. Comparative information has been
                             restated accordingly.
                         (2) Operating expenses in the Company include amounts which are presented in discontinued operations at the Group level.



                                                                                                                                                                                                      the Directors
                         (3) Relates to the amortisation of intangible assets acquired in business combinations, including software, customer relationships and core deposits.
                         (4) In the 2024 financial year, the Group recognised $40 million (2023: $20 million) of costs for executing customer-related remediation programs. The company recognised
                             $76 million (2023: $45 million) of costs for customer-related remediation, including MLC Wealth related matters.




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                                       Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                      information




                                                                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report      183
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 6
                        Income tax

                          Accounting policy
                          Income tax expense (or benefit) is the tax payable (or receivable) on the current year's taxable income based on the
                          applicable tax rate in each jurisdiction, adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Income tax expense
                          is recognised in the income statement except when the tax relates to items recognised directly in equity or other
                          comprehensive income, in which case it is recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income respectively.
                          Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and
                          liabilities and their carrying amounts. Deferred tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or
                          substantively enacted as at the reporting date and are expected to apply when the related deferred tax asset is realised
                          or the deferred tax liability is settled.
                          Deferred tax assets are only recognised for temporary differences, unused tax losses and unused tax credits if it is
                          probable that future taxable amounts will arise to utilise those temporary differences and losses. Deferred tax assets are
                          reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will
                          be realised.
                          Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset where there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax
                          assets and current tax liabilities and they relate to income taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable
                          entity, or on different tax entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis or to realise




For personal use only
                          the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
                          The Company and its wholly owned Australian subsidiaries are part of a tax consolidated group. The Company is the head
                          entity in the tax consolidated group. The members of the tax consolidated group have entered into tax funding and tax
                          sharing agreements, which set out the funding obligations of members. Any current tax liabilities / assets and deferred tax
                          assets from unused tax losses of subsidiaries in the tax consolidated group are recognised by the Company and funded in
                          line with the tax funding arrangements.

                          Critical accounting judgements and estimates
                          The Group undertakes transactions in the ordinary course of business where the income tax treatment requires the
                          exercise of judgement. The Group estimates the amount expected to be paid to tax authorities based on its understanding
                          and interpretation of relevant tax laws. The effect of uncertainty over income tax treatments is reflected in determining
                          the relevant taxable profit or tax loss, tax bases, unused tax losses and unused tax credits or tax rates. Uncertain tax
                          positions are presented as current or deferred tax assets or liabilities as appropriate.



                        Income tax expense
                        The income tax expense for the year reconciles to the profit before income tax as follows:

                                                                                                              Group                         Company
                                                                                                          2024            2023            2024           2023
                                                                                                            $m             $m               $m             $m
                         Profit before income tax                                                         9,879         10,450            8,846         14,212
                         Prima facie income tax expense at 30%                                            2,964          3,135            2,654          4,264
                         Tax effect of permanent differences:
                          Assessable foreign income                                                          16             11              16                 11
                          Foreign tax rate differences                                                      (76)           (68)             (28)           (24)
                          Adjustments to deferred tax balances for tax losses and
                          timing differences                                                               (120)          (142)           (120)           (142)
                          Foreign branch income not deductible / (assessable)                               (18)             6              (18)                6
                          Over provision in prior years                                                     (15)           (11)             (14)           (11)
                          Offshore banking unit adjustment                                                    -            (77)               -            (65)
                          Restatement of deferred tax balances for tax rate changes                           1             (1)               1                (1)
                          Non-deductible interest on convertible instruments                                143            109             143             109
                          Dividend income adjustments                                                         -              -            (607)         (1,954)
                          Gain on disposal of New Zealand Wealth businesses                                (114)             -              (82)                -
                          Other                                                                              17             18                7                 7
                         Income tax expense                                                               2,798          2,980            1,952          2,200
                         Current tax expense                                                              2,950          3,081            2,118          2,323
                         Deferred tax benefit                                                              (152)          (101)           (166)           (123)
                         Total income tax expense                                                         2,798          2,980            1,952          2,200




                        184   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 6 Income tax (cont.)

                        Deferred tax assets and liabilities
                        The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:

                                                                                                                                         Group                                  Company                          About

                                                                                                                                                                                                              this report
                                                                                                                                    2024                2023                 2024                  2023
                                                                                                                                      $m                  $m                    $m                  $m
                         Deferred tax assets
                         Individually assessed provision for credit impairment                                                        224                 159                  189                  137
                         Collective provision for credit impairment                                                                1,524                1,485                1,270                 1,239


                                                                                                                                                                                                              Our business
                         Employee entitlements                                                                                        267                 275                  242                  257
                         Tax losses                                                                                                   105                 131                  100                  121


                                                                                                                                                                                                                 in 2024
                         Unrealised derivatives in funding vehicles                                                                      -                 39                     -                    -
                         Other provisions(1)                                                                                          162                 162                  153                  151
                         Depreciation                                                                                                 391                 327                  378                  244
                         Reserves
                           Cash flow hedge reserve                                                                                     87                 732                   78                  724




                                                                                                                                                                                                                Creating value




For personal use only
                           Other reserves                                                                                             222                  45                  195                   42
                         Other(1)                                                                                                     307                 253                  296                  244
                         Total deferred tax assets                                                                                 3,289                3,608                2,901                 3,159
                         Set-off of deferred tax liabilities pursuant to set-off provisions                                         (108)                (109)                 (99)                (100)
                         Net deferred tax assets                                                                                   3,181                3,499                2,802                 3,059


                         Deferred tax liabilities

                                                                                                                                                                                                              Corporate
                         Intangible assets                                                                                             29                  32                   24                   27
                         Defined benefit superannuation plan assets                                                                    14                  12                   12                   10
                         Reserves                                                                                                        -                 28                     -                  28      Governance
                         Other                                                                                                         65                  37                   63                   35       Statement
                         Total deferred tax liabilities                                                                               108                 109                   99                  100
                         Deferred tax liabilities set off against deferred tax assets pursuant to
                         set-off provisions                                                                                         (108)                (109)                 (99)                (100)
                         Net deferred tax liabilities                                                                                    -                   -                    -                    -

                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Risk
                         (1) Deferred tax assets relating to certain provisions previously included within 'Other' are included within 'Other provisions' for the September 2024 financial year.
                             Comparative information has been restated accordingly.


                        Deferred tax assets not brought to account
                                                                                                                                                                                                              management
                        Deferred tax assets have not been brought to account for the following realised losses as the utilisation of the losses is not
                        regarded as probable:

                                                                                                                                         Group                                  Company

                                                                                                                                                                                                                Report of
                                                                                                                                    2024                2023                 2024                  2023
                                                                                                                                      $m                  $m                    $m                  $m


                                                                                                                                                                                                              the Directors
                         Capital gains tax losses                                                                                  1,801                1,909                1,801                 1,909
                         Income tax losses                                                                                             41                 125                   41                  125


                        Income tax losses of $36 million for the Group and Company are expected to expire in the September 2036 financial year. Capital
                        gains tax losses of the Group and Company do not have any expiry date.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                                               Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                              information




                                                                                                                                                                             2024 Annual Report        185
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 7
                        Earnings per share
                                                                                                                                                          Group
                                                                                                                                      Basic                                   Diluted
                                                                                                                                 2024                2023                 2024               2023
                         Earnings ($m)
                         Net profit attributable to owners of the Company                                                        6,960              7,414                6,960               7,414
                         Potential dilutive adjustments
                           Interest expense on convertible notes(1)                                                                   -                  -                 374                 371
                         Adjusted earnings                                                                                       6,960              7,414                7,334               7,785
                         Net loss from discontinued operations attributable to owners of
                         the Company                                                                                               103                  51                 103                  51
                         Adjusted earnings from continuing operations                                                            7,063              7,465                7,437               7,836


                         Weighted average number of ordinary shares (millions)
                         Weighted average number of ordinary shares (net of treasury shares)                                     3,099              3,136                3,099               3,136
                         Weighted average number of dilutive potential ordinary shares
                           Convertible notes(1)                                                                                       -                  -                 184                 258




For personal use only
                           Share-based payments                                                                                       -                  -                   10                 10
                         Total weighted average number of ordinary shares                                                        3,099              3,136                3,293               3,404


                         Earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company (cents)                                        224.6              236.4                222.7               228.7
                         Earnings per share from continuing operations                                                           227.9              238.0                225.8               230.2
                         Earnings per share from discontinued operations                                                          (3.3)               (1.6)                (3.1)               (1.5)
                         (1) NAB Capital Notes 3 are potentially dilutive instruments as they may convert into ordinary shares in the future. These convertible notes have been excluded from the
                             calculation of diluted earnings per share for the 2024 financial year as they were antidilutive, however they could potentially dilute basic earnings per share in the
                             future. Refer to Note 15 Debt issues for further details on convertible notes.




                        186   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Financial instruments

                        Overview
                        Financial instruments represent the majority of the Group's balance sheet, including loans and advances, deposits, trading
                                                                                                                                                                          About
                        assets and derivatives.


                                                                                                                                                                       this report
                        Initial recognition of financial instruments
                        A financial asset or financial liability is recognised on the balance sheet when the Group becomes a party to the contractual
                        provisions of the instrument. The Group recognises regular way transactions on the trade date.
                        All financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value. Directly attributable transaction costs are added to or deducted
                        from the carrying value of the asset or liability on initial recognition, unless the instrument is measured at fair value through profit
                        or loss, in which case they are recognised in profit or loss.

                        Classification                                                                                                                                 Our business

                                                                                                                                                                          in 2024
                        Subsequently, financial instruments are measured either at amortised cost or fair value depending on their classification.
                        Classification of financial assets is driven by the Group's business model for managing the asset and the contractual cash flows
                        of the asset. The Group uses the following flowchart to determine the appropriate classification for financial assets.




                                                                                                                                                                         Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                       Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                      Governance
                                                                                                                                                                       Statement




                                                                                                                                                                          Risk

                                                                                                                                                                       management




                                                                                                                                                                         Report of

                                                                                                                                                                       the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                         Financial report
                        Non-derivative financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost unless the Group elects to measure the financial liability at
                        fair value through profit or loss. The Group will elect to measure a financial liability at fair value through profit or loss if such
                        measurement significantly reduces or eliminates an accounting mismatch.
                        Refer to the table at the end of this section for a summary of the classification of the Group's financial instruments.




                                                                                                                                                                        Additional

                                                                                                                                                                       information




                                                                                                                                          2024 Annual Report    187
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Overview (cont.)

                        Measurement

                        Financial instruments measured at amortised cost
                        Amortised cost is the amount at which a financial asset or financial liability is measured at initial recognition minus principal
                        repayments, plus or minus the cumulative amortisation of transaction costs, premiums or discounts using the effective interest
                        method, and for financial assets, adjusted for any credit impairment.

                        Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
                        Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of debt instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive
                        income are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in a separate component of equity. Upon disposal,
                        the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified from equity to the
                        income statement.
                        Investments in equity instruments that are neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by the Group in a
                        business combination to which AASB 3 Business Combinations applies, are measured at fair value through other comprehensive
                        income, where an irrevocable election has been made by management. Amounts recognised in other comprehensive income are
                        not subsequently transferred to profit or loss. Dividends on such investments are recognised in profit or loss unless the dividend
                        clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investment.

                        Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss




For personal use only
                        Changes in the fair value of financial assets are recognised in profit or loss.
                        Where a financial liability is designated at fair value through profit or loss, the movement in fair value attributable to changes in
                        the Group’s own credit risk is calculated by determining the changes in own credit spreads and is recognised separately in other
                        comprehensive income.

                        Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
                        Derivative financial instruments are contracts whose value is derived from an underlying price, index or other variable, and
                        include instruments such as swaps, forward rate agreements, futures and options.
                        All derivatives are recognised initially on the balance sheet at fair value and are subsequently measured at fair value through
                        profit or loss, except where they are designated as a part of an effective hedge relationship and classified as hedging
                        derivatives. Derivatives are presented as assets when their fair value is positive and as liabilities when their fair value is negative.
                        The method of recognising the resulting fair value gain or loss on a derivative depends on whether the derivative is designated
                        as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged. Refer to Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting.

                        Derecognition of financial instruments
                        The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual cash flows from the asset expire or it transfers its rights to
                        receive contractual cash flows from the financial asset in a transaction in which substantially all the risks and rewards of
                        ownership are transferred. Any interest in transferred financial assets that is created or retained by the Group is recognised as a
                        separate asset or liability.
                        The Group derecognises a financial liability when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged, cancelled or expires.

                        Reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements (and similar lending and borrowing)
                        The Group executes reverse repurchase agreements where it purchases a security under an agreement to resell that security
                        at a predetermined price. These securities are not recognised on the balance sheet because the Group does not acquire
                        the risks and rewards of ownership of the security. Consideration paid for the purchase is accounted for as a reverse
                        repurchase agreement and classified as a financial asset. Reverse repurchase agreements that are part of a portfolio of
                        financial instruments managed together for short-term profit taking are measured at fair value through profit or loss and are
                        included within Note 9 Trading assets. All other reverse repurchase agreements are measured at amortised cost.
                        The Group also executes repurchase agreements, where it sells a security under an agreement to repurchase that security at
                        a predetermined price. These securities are not derecognised from the balance sheet because the Group retains substantially
                        all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the security. Consideration received for the sale is accounted for as a repurchase
                        agreement and classified as a financial liability. Repurchase agreements that are part of a portfolio of financial instruments
                        managed together for short-term profit taking are measured at fair value through profit or loss and are included within Note 16
                        Other financial liabilities. All other repurchase agreements are measured at amortised cost.




                        188   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Overview (cont.)

                        Summary of classification and measurement basis

                         Financial assets
                                                                                  Classification                                                                                                             About
                                                                                  and
                         Type of instrument                                       measurement                  Reason                                                    Note
                                                                                                                                                                                                          this report
                         Loans and advances (customer loans                       Amortised cost               Cash flows represent solely payments                      Note 12 Loans
                         and facilities)                                                                       of principal and interest, held with                      and advances
                                                                                                               the objective to collect contractual
                                                                                                               cash flows
                         Trading assets (bonds, reverse repurchase                                             Principal purpose is selling or                           Note 9


                                                                                                                                                                                                          Our business
                         agreements, notes or securities issued                                                repurchasing in the near term, or part of a               Trading assets
                         by government, financial institutions or                                              portfolio of financial instruments that are
                         other corporates)                                                                     managed together and for which there is
                                                                                  Fair value through

                                                                                                                                                                                                             in 2024
                                                                                                               evidence of short-term profit taking
                                                                                  profit or loss
                         Other financial assets                                                                Cash flows are not solely payments of                     Note 11 Other
                                                                                                               principal and interest or designated at fair              financial assets
                                                                                                               value through profit or loss to eliminate
                                                                                                               an accounting mismatch
                         Debt instruments (bonds, notes or                        Fair value through           Cash flows represent solely payments                      Note 10
                         securities issued by government, financial               other                        of principal and interest, held with the                  Debt instruments




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Creating value




For personal use only
                         institutions or other corporates)                        comprehensive                objective to both collect contractual
                                                                                  income                       cash flows and to sell
                         Derivatives (forwards, swaps,                                                         Trading derivatives - not in a qualifying                 Note 18
                         futures, options)                                                                     hedging relationship                                      Derivatives and
                                                                                  Fair value (1)
                                                                                                                                                                         hedge accounting
                                                                                                               Hedging derivatives - designated in a
                                                                                                               qualifying hedging relationship




                         Financial liabilities
                                                                                  Classification                                                                                                          Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Governance
                                                                                  and
                         Type of instrument                                       measurement                  Reason                                                    Note
                         Deposits and other borrowings                                                         Not designated at fair value through profit               Note 13                          Statement
                         (deposits, commercial paper,                                                          or loss                                                   Deposits and
                         repurchase agreements)                                                                                                                          other borrowings
                         Bonds and notes                                          Amortised cost                                                                         Note 14 Bonds,
                                                                                                                                                                         notes and
                                                                                                                                                                         subordinated debt

                                                                                                                                                                                                             Risk
                         Convertible notes                                                                                                                               Note 15 Debt issues
                         Certain bonds, notes and deposits                        Fair value through           Designated at fair value through profit or                Note 16 Other


                                                                                                                                                                                                          management
                                                                                  profit or loss(2)            loss to eliminate an accounting mismatch                  financial liabilities
                         Repurchase agreements, securities sold                                                Part of a portfolio of financial instruments
                         short, other financial liabilities                       Fair value through           that are managed together and for
                                                                                  profit or loss               which there is evidence of short-term
                                                                                                               profit taking
                         Derivatives (forwards, swaps,                                                         Trading derivatives - not in a qualifying                 Note 18
                         futures, options)                                                                     hedging relationship                                      Derivatives and

                                                                                                                                                                                                            Report of
                                                                                  Fair value (1)
                                                                                                                                                                         hedge accounting
                                                                                                               Hedging derivatives - designated in a
                                                                                                               qualifying hedging relationship


                                                                                                                                                                                                          the Directors
                         (1) Fair value movements on trading derivatives are recognised in profit or loss. The recognition of the fair value movements on hedging derivatives will depend on the
                             type of hedge (i.e. fair value hedge or cash flow hedge). Refer to Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting.
                         (2) Except for fair value movements attributable to changes in the Group's own credit risk which are recognised in other comprehensive income.




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                                           Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                          information




                                                                                                                                                                        2024 Annual Report         189
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 8
                        Cash and balances with other banks

                           Accounting policy
                           Cash and liquid assets, and balances with other banks are initially measured at fair value and subsequently at amortised
                           cost. For the purposes of the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash and liquid assets (including
                           reverse repurchase agreements and short-term government securities) and amounts due from other banks net of
                           amounts due to other banks that are highly liquid, readily convertible to known amounts of cash within three months
                           and are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. They are held for the purposes of meeting short-term cash
                           commitments (rather than for investment or other purposes). Refer to Note 37 Notes to the statement of cash flows for a
                           detailed reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents.



                                                                                                                                          Group                                   Company
                                                                                                                                     2024                2023                  2024                2023
                                                                                                                                        $m                  $m                    $m                     $m
                         Cash and liquid assets
                         Coins, notes and cash at bank                                                                               1,149               1,030                 1,057                 937
                         Reverse repurchase agreements(1)                                                                                 -             21,808                      -             21,350




For personal use only
                         Other (including bills receivable and remittances in transit)                                               1,350               1,861                 1,261               1,672
                         Total cash and liquid assets                                                                                2,499              24,699                 2,318              23,959


                         Due from other banks
                         Central banks                                                                                             99,577             105,034                95,105               95,638
                         Other banks(1)                                                                                            10,861               12,272                 9,956              11,317
                         Total due from other banks                                                                               110,438             117,306              105,061              106,955


                         Due to other banks
                         Central banks(2)                                                                                            6,069              25,394                 2,872              21,041
                         Other banks(1)                                                                                              6,259              14,122                 5,037              12,924
                         Total due to other banks                                                                                  12,328               39,516                 7,909              33,965
                         (1) During the 2023 financial year, the Group and the Company established new portfolios of reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements which are held for
                             trading. New transactions under these agreements are measured at fair value through profit or loss and are included in Note 9 Trading assets and Note 16 Other
                             financial liabilities.
                         (2) Included within amounts due to central banks is $3,102 million (2023: $21,869 million) for the Group and $nil (2023: $17,596 million) for the Company relating to the TFF
                             provided by the RBA and the TLF, FLP provided by the RBNZ.



                        Note 9
                        Trading assets

                           Accounting policy
                           Trading assets comprise assets that are classified as held for trading because they are acquired or incurred principally
                           for the purpose of selling or repurchasing in the near term, or form part of a portfolio of financial instruments that are
                           managed together and for which there is evidence of short-term profit taking. Trading assets are measured at fair value
                           through profit or loss. Trading assets include commodities measured at fair value less cost to sell in accordance with AASB
                           102 Inventories.



                                                                                                                                          Group                                   Company
                                                                                                                                     2024                2023                  2024                2023
                                                                                                                                        $m                  $m                    $m                     $m
                         Trading assets
                         Government bonds, notes and securities                                                                    27,562               29,237               23,758               26,690
                         Semi-government bonds, notes and securities                                                               12,539               10,092                 9,574               6,887
                         Corporate / financial institution bonds, notes and securities                                               5,331               5,360                 3,348               3,392
                         Reverse repurchase agreements(1)                                                                          87,815               55,403               83,481               52,373
                         Commodity inventory at fair value                                                                              73                 610                    73                 610
                         Other bonds, notes, securities, equities and other assets                                                     286                 466                   283                 465
                         Total trading assets                                                                                     133,606             101,168              120,517                90,417
                         (1) During the 2023 financial year, the Group and the Company established a new portfolio of reverse repurchase agreements which are held for trading.




                        190   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 10
                        Debt instruments

                           Accounting policy
                           Debt instruments are measured at fair value through other comprehensive income as they are held in a business model                        About
                           with the objective of both collecting contractual cash flows and realising assets through sale and they have contractual
                           cash flows which are considered to be solely payments of principal and interest.                                                        this report


                                                                                                            Group                        Company
                                                                                                        2024           2023            2024           2023


                                                                                                                                                                   Our business
                                                                                                          $m            $m              $m                $m
                         Debt instruments


                                                                                                                                                                      in 2024
                         Government bonds, notes and securities                                         1,554          2,691          1,545           2,691
                         Semi-government bonds, notes and securities                                   31,285         28,892         31,285         28,892
                         Corporate / financial institution bonds, notes and securities                  6,393          8,238          6,393           8,238
                         Other bonds, notes and securities                                              2,767          6,536          2,760           6,515
                         Total debt instruments                                                        41,999         46,357         41,983         46,336




                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value




For personal use only
                        Note 11
                        Other financial assets

                           Accounting policy
                           Other financial assets are measured at fair value through profit or loss. Changes in fair value and transaction costs are

                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate
                           recognised in the income statement. Financial assets are measured at fair value through profit or loss when they have
                           contractual cash flow characteristics that are not considered to be solely payments of principal and interest or they have
                           been designated as such to eliminate or reduce an accounting mismatch.                                                                 Governance
                                                                                                                                                                   Statement
                                                                                                            Group                        Company
                                                                                                        2024           2023            2024           2023
                                                                                                          $m            $m              $m                $m


                                                                                                                                                                      Risk
                         Other financial assets
                         Loans at fair value                                                             576           1,243            576               682


                                                                                                                                                                   management
                         Other financial assets at fair value                                            193            187             193           1,026
                         Total other financial assets                                                    769           1,430            769           1,708


                        The maximum credit exposure of loans (excluding any undrawn facility limits) included in other financial assets is $576 million
                        (2023: $1,243 million) for the Group and $576 million (2023: $682 million) for the Company.


                                                                                                                                                                     Report of

                                                                                                                                                                   the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                    Additional

                                                                                                                                                                   information




                                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report    191
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 12
                        Loans and advances

                          Accounting policy
                          Loans and advances are financial assets for which the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest
                          and that are held in a business model with the objective of collecting contractual cash flows.
                          Loans and advances are initially recognised at fair value plus transaction costs directly attributable to the origination of
                          the loan or advance, which are primarily brokerage and origination fees. Subsequently, loans and advances are measured
                          at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method, net of any provision for credit impairment.



                                                                                                                                   Group                                Company
                                                                                                                              2024               2023                2024               2023
                                                                                                                                $m                 $m                  $m                 $m
                         Loans and advances
                         Housing loans                                                                                     416,758            406,298             361,195            352,113
                         Other term lending                                                                                279,441            261,520             239,250            223,490
                         Asset and lease financing                                                                          18,879             17,214              18,822              17,158




For personal use only
                         Overdrafts                                                                                          5,886               5,459               3,870              3,420
                         Credit card outstandings                                                                            9,455               9,528               8,725              8,609
                         Other lending                                                                                       7,211               7,209               6,767              6,766
                         Total gross loans and advances                                                                    737,630            707,228             638,629            611,556
                          Unearned income and deferred net fee income                                                       (2,003)             (1,453)            (2,126)             (1,536)
                          Capitalised brokerage costs                                                                        2,986               2,512               2,808              2,357
                          Provision for credit impairment                                                                   (5,921)             (5,585)            (4,965)             (4,693)
                         Total net loans and advances                                                                      732,692            702,702             634,346            607,684


                        Note 13
                        Deposits and other borrowings

                          Accounting policy
                          Deposits and other borrowings are initially recognised at fair value less directly attributable transaction costs and
                          subsequently measured at amortised cost.



                                                                                                                                   Group                                Company
                                                                                                                              2024               2023                2024               2023
                                                                                                                                $m                 $m                  $m                 $m
                         Deposits and other borrowings
                         Term deposits                                                                                     207,016            191,924             171,638            159,535
                         On-demand and short-term deposits                                                                 309,218            299,969             280,395            272,035
                         Certificates of deposit                                                                            65,504             55,290              65,504              55,290
                         Deposits not bearing interest                                                                      96,561             95,491              85,159              82,754
                         Commercial paper and other borrowings                                                              34,267             35,255              33,869              34,835
                         Repurchase agreements(1)                                                                                  -             4,191                    -             4,192
                         Total deposits and other borrowings                                                               712,566            682,120             636,565            608,641
                         (1) During the 2023 financial year, the Group and the Company established a new portfolio of repurchase agreements which are held for trading. New transactions under
                             these agreements are measured at fair value through profit or loss and are included in Note 16 Other financial liabilities.




                        192   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 14
                        Bonds, notes and subordinated debt

                          Accounting policy
                          Bonds, notes and subordinated debt are initially recognised at fair value less directly attributable transaction costs and             About
                          subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Premiums, discounts and associated issue
                          expenses are recognised using the effective interest method through the income statement from the date of issue.                    this report


                                                                                                        Group                       Company
                                                                                                     2024          2023            2024           2023


                                                                                                                                                              Our business
                                                                                                       $m            $m             $m             $m
                         Bonds, notes and subordinated debt


                                                                                                                                                                 in 2024
                         Medium-term notes                                                         97,420         83,218         88,717         76,801
                         Securitisation notes                                                       3,548          2,593              -                -
                         Covered bonds                                                             32,916         30,093         29,429         27,787
                         Subordinated medium-term notes                                            22,410         19,741         22,410         19,741
                         Total bonds, notes and subordinated debt                                 156,294        135,645        140,556        124,329




                                                                                                                                                                Creating value




For personal use only
                         Issued bonds, notes and subordinated debt by currency
                         AUD                                                                       48,683         40,873         45,095         38,245
                         USD                                                                       56,896         46,363         50,189         40,838
                         EUR                                                                       29,151         24,979         24,557         22,487
                         GBP                                                                       11,610         10,342         11,633         10,389
                         JPY                                                                        1,876          3,952          1,876           3,952

                                                                                                                                                              Corporate
                         CHF                                                                        3,344          3,756          2,479           3,011
                         Other                                                                      4,734          5,380          4,727           5,407
                         Total bonds, notes and subordinated debt                                 156,294        135,645        140,556        124,329       Governance
                                                                                                                                                              Statement




                                                                                                                                                                 Risk

                                                                                                                                                              management




                                                                                                                                                                Report of

                                                                                                                                                              the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                Financial report




                                                                                                                                                               Additional

                                                                                                                                                              information




                                                                                                                                  2024 Annual Report   193
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 14 Bonds, notes and subordinated debt (cont.)

                        Subordinated medium-term notes

                                                                                                                                  Group               Company
                                  Notional amount
                                         Currency                                First optional              Maturity          2024        2023     2024         2023
                         Currency      amount (m)(1)               Rate            call date(2)               date(3)           $m           $m      $m            $m
                         AUD                         1,000         Float                n/a               Matured 2024             -       1,000        -        1,000
                         CAD                         1,000         Fixed               2025                     2030           1,055       1,080    1,055        1,080
                         AUD                         1,250         Float               2025                     2030           1,250       1,250    1,250        1,250
                         USD                         1,500         Fixed                n/a                     2030           1,838       1,785    1,838        1,785
                         GBP                           600         Fixed               2026                     2031           1,085        994     1,085         994
                         AUD                         1,175         Float               2026                     2031           1,175       1,175    1,175        1,175
                         AUD                           225         Fixed               2026                     2031            214         205      214          205
                         USD                         1,250         Fixed                n/a                     2031           1,597       1,561    1,597        1,561
                         AUD                           275         Fixed               2027                     2032            270         262      270          262
                         JPY                        17,000         Fixed               2027                     2032            171         174      171          174
                         AUD                         1,000         Fixed               2027                     2032           1,000       1,000    1,000        1,000




For personal use only
                         AUD                           250         Float               2027                     2032            250         250      250          250
                         HKD                           382         Fixed               2027                     2032             71          71       71           71
                         AUD                           950         Fixed               2028                     2033            950         950      950          950
                         AUD                           300         Float               2028                     2033            300         300      300          300
                         HKD                           640         Fixed               2028                     2033            122         122      122          122
                         USD                         1,250         Fixed                n/a                     2033           1,815       1,796    1,815        1,796
                         AUD                         1,100         Float               2029                     2034           1,100           -    1,100            -
                         AUD                           650         Fixed               2029                     2034            650            -     650             -
                         USD                         1,500         Fixed               2029                     2034           2,017       2,004    2,017        2,004
                         AUD                           205         Fixed                n/a                     2035            205         205      205          205
                         USD                         1,250         Fixed               2032                     2037           1,591       1,549    1,591        1,549
                         AUD                             85        Fixed                n/a                     2037             85          85       85           85
                         AUD                         1,250         Fixed               2034                     2039           1,250           -    1,250            -
                         AUD                           215         Fixed                n/a                     2040            138         122      138          122
                         AUD                           245         Fixed                n/a                     2040            157         140      157          140
                         AUD                           100         Fixed                n/a                     2040             64          57       64           57
                         USD                         1,250         Fixed                n/a                     2041           1,292       1,206    1,292        1,206
                         AUD                           195         Fixed                n/a                     2041            195         195      195          195
                         AUD                           203         Fixed                n/a                     2042            203         203      203          203
                         AUD                           300         Float               2038                     2043            300            -     300             -
                         Total                                                                                                22,410      19,741   22,410       19,741
                         (1) Subordinated medium-term notes qualify as Tier 2 capital.
                         (2) Reflects calendar year of first optional call date (subject to APRA's prior written approval).
                         (3) Reflects calendar year of maturity date.




                        194    National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 15
                        Debt issues

                          Accounting policy
                          Convertible notes are initially recognised at fair value less directly attributable transaction costs and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.



                                                                                                                                                                                      Group                                     Company




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                   2024              2023                      2024                   2023
                                                                                                                                                                                     $m               $m                        $m                       $m
                         Debt issues
                         Convertible notes                                                                                                                                         9,560             8,561                    9,560                   8,561
                         Total debt issues                                                                                                                                         9,560             8,561                    9,560                   8,561


                        The table below highlights the key features of the Group’s debt issuances.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Maturity / Conversion
                                                                   Outstanding                                          Interest payment frequency                                                     Mandatory                   Issuer
                         Convertible notes(1)                      amount                 Issued date                   (in arrears)                                 Interest rate (per annum)         conversion(2)               conversion option(3)
                         NAB Capital Notes 3                                $1.87bn       20 March 2019                 Quarterly                                    4.00% above 3 month BBSW          19 June 2028                17 June 2026
                         NAB Capital Notes 5                                $2.39bn       17 December 2020              Quarterly                                    3.50% above 3 month BBSW          17 December 2029            17 December 2027
                         NAB Capital Notes 6                                $2.00bn       7 July 2022                   Quarterly                                    3.15% above 3 month BBSW          17 September 2032           17 December 2029(4)
                         NAB Capital Notes 7                                $1.25bn       14 September 2023             Quarterly                                    2.80% above 3 month BBSW          17 June 2033                17 September 2030(5)
                         NAB Capital Notes 8                                $1.00bn       6 June 2024                   Quarterly                                    2.60% above 3 month BBSW          18 December 2034            17 March 2032(6)
                         NAB Wholesale Capital Notes                         $0.5bn       12 December 2019              Semi-annually until the optional             4.95% until the optional call     12 December 2031            12 December 2029
                                                                                                                        call date. Quarterly thereafter.             date. 3.75% above 3 month
                                                                                                                                                                     BBSW thereafter.
                         NAB Wholesale Capital Notes 2                       $0.6bn       17 July 2020                  Quarterly                                    4.00% above 3 month BBSW          17 July 2027                17 July 2025
                         (1) All convertible notes are treated as AT1 capital.
                         (2) The mandatory conversion into ordinary shares is subject to certain conditions.
                         (3) The Issuer Conversion Option is subject to certain conditions, including APRA approval.
                         (4) First optional conversion date of 17 December 2029, with subsequent optional conversion dates on 17 March 2030, 17 June 2030 and 17 September 2030.
                         (5) First optional conversion date of 17 September 2030, with subsequent optional conversion dates on 17 December 2030, 17 March 2031 and 17 June 2031.
                         (6) First optional conversion date of 17 March 2032, with subsequent optional conversion dates on 17 June 2032, 17 September 2032 and 17 December 2032.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report   195
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 16
                        Other financial liabilities

                           Accounting policy
                           In certain circumstances, the Group fair values financial liabilities.
                           Some financial liabilities are measured at fair value through profit or loss because they are part of a portfolio of financial
                           instruments that are managed together and for which there is evidence of a pattern of short-term profit taking. For these,
                           changes in fair value due to own credit risk is recognised through profit or loss.
                           Some financial liabilities are designated at fair value through profit or loss from initial recognition. This option is applied
                           where it eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would otherwise arise. For
                           these, changes in fair value due to own credit risk is recognised in other comprehensive income.



                                                                                                                                   Group                                Company
                                                                                                                              2024               2023                2024               2023
                                                                                                                                $m                 $m                  $m                 $m
                         Other financial liabilities designated at fair value
                         Bonds, notes and subordinated debt                                                                 10,287             13,741                4,885              4,371




For personal use only
                         Deposits and other borrowings
                           Certificates of deposit                                                                           1,379               1,477                    -                  -
                           Commercial paper and other borrowings                                                                433                854                    -                  -


                         Other financial liabilities measured at fair value
                         Repurchase agreements(1)                                                                           54,677             42,547              54,593              39,860
                         Securities sold short                                                                               1,947               6,697               1,809              6,476
                         Other financial liabilities                                                                         1,549               1,036               1,549              1,038
                         Total other financial liabilities                                                                  70,272             66,352              62,836              51,745
                         (1) During the 2023 financial year, the Group and the Company established a new portfolio of repurchase agreements which are held for trading. New transactions under
                             these agreements are measured at fair value through profit or loss.


                        The change in fair value of bonds, notes and subordinated debt attributable to changes in credit risk amounted to a loss for
                        the 2024 financial year of $87 million (2023: $67 million loss) for the Group and a loss of $95 million (2023: $75 million loss) for
                        the Company. The cumulative change in fair value of bonds, notes and subordinated debt attributable to changes in credit risk
                        amounted to a loss of $166 million (2023: $79 million loss) for the Group and a loss of $134 million (2023: $39 million loss) for the
                        Company. The contractual amount to be paid at the maturity of the bonds, notes and subordinated debt is $10,561 million (2023:
                        $14,964 million) for the Group and $5,238 million (2023: $5,335 million) for the Company.




                        196   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 17
                        Provision for credit impairment on loans at amortised cost

                          Accounting policy
                          The Group applies a three-stage approach to measuring expected credit losses (ECL) for the following categories of                              About
                          financial assets that are not measured at fair value through profit or loss:
                          •    Debt instruments measured at amortised cost and fair value through other comprehensive income.                                          this report
                          •    Loan commitments.
                          •    Financial guarantee contracts.
                          Exposures are assessed on a collective basis in each stage unless there is sufficient evidence that one or more events
                          associated with an exposure could have a detrimental impact on estimated future cash flows. Where such evidence exists,

                                                                                                                                                                       Our business
                          the exposure is assessed on an individual basis.



                                                                                                                                                                          in 2024
                              Stage                                       Measurement basis
                              Performing - 12-month ECL (Stage 1)         The portion of lifetime ECL associated with the probability of default
                                                                          events occurring within the next 12 months.
                              Performing - Lifetime ECL (Stage 2)         ECL associated with the probability of default events occurring throughout
                                                                          the life of an instrument.
                              Non-performing - Lifetime ECL               Lifetime ECL, but interest revenue is measured based on the carrying




                                                                                                                                                                         Creating value




For personal use only
                              (Stage 3)                                   amount of the instrument net of the associated ECL.

                          At each reporting date, the Group assesses the default risk of exposures in comparison to the default risk at initial
                          recognition, to determine the stage that applies to the associated ECL measurement. If no significant increase in default
                          risk is observed, the exposure will remain in Stage 1. If the default risk of an exposure has increased significantly since initial
                          recognition, the exposure will migrate to Stage 2. Should an exposure become non-performing it will migrate to Stage 3.
                          For this purpose, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue
                          cost or effort. This includes quantitative and qualitative information and also forward looking analysis.

                                                                                                                                                                       Corporate
                          ECL are derived from probability-weighted estimates of expected loss, and are measured as follows:
                          •    Financial assets that are performing at the reporting date: as the present value of all cash shortfalls over the expected
                               life of the financial asset discounted by the effective interest rate. The cash shortfall is the difference between the                Governance
                               cash flows due to the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive.                       Statement
                          •    Financial assets that are non-performing at the reporting date: as the difference between the gross carrying amount
                               and the present value of estimated future cash flows discounted by the effective interest rate.
                          •    Undrawn loan commitments: as the present value of the difference between the contractual cash flows that are due to
                               the Group if the commitment is drawn down and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive.

                                                                                                                                                                          Risk
                          •    Financial guarantee contracts: as the expected payments to reimburse the holder less any amounts that the Group
                               expects to recover.

                          Credit quality of financial assets                                                                                                           management
                          The Group’s internally developed credit rating system utilises historical default data drawn from a number of sources to
                          assess the potential default risk of lending, or other financial services products, provided to counterparties or customers.
                          The Group has defined counterparty probabilities of default across retail and non-retail loans and advances, including
                          performing (pre-default) and non-performing (post-default) rating grades. In assessing for credit impairment of financial

                                                                                                                                                                         Report of
                          assets under the ECL model, the Group aligns credit impairment with the definition of default prescribed in its Credit Policy
                          and Procedures.


                                                                                                                                                                       the Directors
                          Assessment of significant increase in credit risk
                          When determining whether the default risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group considers both
                          quantitative and qualitative information, including expert credit risk assessment, forward looking information and analysis
                          based on the Group’s historical default experience.
                          •    For retail and non-retail facilities, internally derived credit ratings, as described above, represent a key determinant of




                                                                                                                                                                         Financial report
                               default risk. The Group assigns each customer a credit rating at initial recognition based on available information. Credit
                               risk is deemed to have increased significantly if the credit rating has significantly deteriorated at the reporting date,
                               relative to the credit rating at the date of initial recognition.




                                                                                                                                                                        Additional

                                                                                                                                                                       information




                                                                                                                                         2024 Annual Report     197
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 17 Provision for credit impairment on loans at amortised cost
                                (cont.)
                          •    In addition, the Group considers that significant increase in credit risk occurs when a facility is more than 30 days
                               past due.

                          Definition of default
                          Default occurs when a loan obligation is contractually 90+ days past due, or when it is considered unlikely that the credit
                          obligation to the Group will be paid in full without remedial action, such as realisation of security. Exposures which are in
                          default align to the non-performing exposures definition in APS 220 Credit Risk Management.

                          Calculation of ECL
                          •    ECL are calculated using three main parameters being probability of default (PD), loss given default (LGD) and exposure
                               at default (EAD). These parameters are generally derived from internally developed statistical models combined with
                               historical, current and forward looking information, including macro-economic data.
                          •    For accounting purposes, the 12-month and lifetime PD represent the expected point-in-time probability of a default
                               over the next 12 months and remaining expected lifetime of the financial instrument, respectively, based on conditions
                               existing at the balance sheet date and future economic conditions that affect credit risk.
                          •    The LGD represents expected loss conditional on default, taking into account the mitigating effect of collateral, its
                               expected value when realised and the time value of money.




For personal use only
                          •    The EAD represents the expected exposure at default, taking into account the repayment of principal and interest from
                               the balance sheet date to the default event together with any expected drawdown of a facility.
                          •    The 12-month ECL is equal to the discounted sum over the next 12-months of monthly PD multiplied by LGD and EAD.
                               Lifetime ECL is calculated using the discounted sum of monthly PD over the expected remaining life multiplied by LGD
                               and EAD.

                          Incorporation of forward looking information
                          •    The Group uses internal subject matter experts from Risk, Economics and customer divisions to consider a range of
                               relevant forward looking data, including macro-economic forecasts and assumptions, for the determination of general
                               economic adjustments and any idiosyncratic or targeted portfolio / industry adjustments, to support the calculation
                               of ECL.
                          •    Forward looking provisions for both general macro-economic adjustments (EA) and more targeted portfolio / industry
                               forward looking adjustments (FLAs), reflect reasonable and supportable forecasts of potential future conditions that
                               are not captured within the base ECL calculations.
                          •    Macro-economic factors taken into consideration include (but are not limited to) the cash rate, unemployment rates,
                               GDP growth rates, inflation and residential and commercial property prices, and require an evaluation of both the
                               current and forecast direction of the macro-economic cycle.
                          •    Incorporating forward looking information, including macro-economic forecasts, increases the degree of judgement
                               required to assess how changes in these data points will affect ECL. The methodologies and assumptions, including any
                               forecasts of future economic conditions, are reviewed regularly.

                          Critical accounting judgements and estimates
                          Judgement is applied in determining ECL using objective, reasonable and supportable information about current and
                          forecast economic conditions. Macro-economic variables used in these scenarios include (but are not limited to)
                          the cash rate, unemployment rates, GDP growth rates, inflation and residential and commercial property prices. When
                          determining whether the risk of default has increased significantly since initial recognition, both quantitative and
                          qualitative information is considered, including expert credit assessment, forward looking information and analysis based
                          on the Group’s historical loss experience.




                        198   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 17 Provision for credit impairment on loans at amortised cost
                                (cont.)
                                                                                                                   Group                                 Company
                                                                                                             2024                  2023                2024            2023

                                                                                                                                                                                        About
                                                                                                              $m                    $m                   $m             $m
                            Credit impairment charge on loans and advances at amortised cost
                            New and increased provisions (net of collective provision releases)               968                 1,043                 815             820
                                                                                                                                                                                     this report
                            Write-backs of individually assessed provisions                                  (132)                 (148)               (106)                (93)
                            Recoveries of amounts previously written-off                                      (95)                  (79)                (90)                (73)
                            Total charge to the income statement                                              741                   816                 619             654



                                                                                                                                                                                     Our business
                                                                                                       Stage 1       Stage 2                  Stage 3
                                                                                                    Performing Performing


                                                                                                                                                                                        in 2024
                                                                                                        12-mth    Lifetime                 Non-performing
                                                                                                           ECL         ECL                  Lifetime ECL
                                                                                                                                                    Individually
                                                                                                     Collective    Collective       Collective        assessed        Total
                            Group                                                                           $m              $m               $m               $m        $m
                            Balance at 1 October 2022                                                      448          3,276                817              515      5,056




                                                                                                                                                                                       Creating value




For personal use only
                            Changes due to financial assets recognised in the opening balance
                            that have:
                             Transferred to performing - 12-mth ECL - collective                           247             (234)             (13)               -             -
                             Transferred to performing - Lifetime ECL - collective                          (26)            104              (78)               -             -
                             Transferred to non-performing - Lifetime ECL - collective                       (1)            (49)              50                -             -
                             Transferred to non-performing - Lifetime ECL - individually assessed             -             (14)             (46)              60             -
                            New and increased provisions (net of collective provision releases)            (143)            428              242              516      1,043
                            Write-backs of individually assessed provisions                                   -               -                -           (148)       (148)
                            Write-offs from individually assessed provisions                                  -               -                -           (409)       (409)         Corporate
                            Foreign currency translation and other adjustments                                4              29                5                5           43      Governance
                                                                                                                                                                                     Statement
                            Balance as at 30 September 2023                                                529          3,540                977              539      5,585
                            Changes due to financial assets recognised in the opening balance
                            that have:
                             Transferred to performing - 12-mth ECL - collective                           408             (373)             (35)               -             -
                             Transferred to performing - Lifetime ECL - collective                         (54)            179              (125)               -             -


                                                                                                                                                                                        Risk
                             Transferred to non-performing - Lifetime ECL - collective                      (2)             (87)              89                -             -
                             Transferred to non-performing - Lifetime ECL - individually assessed           (1)             (28)             (81)           110               -


                                                                                                                                                                                     management
                            New and increased provisions (net of collective provision releases)           (223)            165               273            753         968
                            Write-backs of individually assessed provisions                                   -               -                -           (132)       (132)
                            Write-offs from individually assessed provisions                                  -               -                -           (512)       (512)
                            Foreign currency translation and other adjustments                               9                4                1               (2)          12
                            Balance as at 30 September 2024                                                666         3,400               1,099            756       5,921


                        Impact of movements in gross carrying amount on provision for ECL for the Group
                                                                                                                                                                                       Report of
                        Provision for credit impairment reflects ECL measured using the three-stage approach. The below explains how significant

                                                                                                                                                                                     the Directors
                        changes in the gross carrying amount of loans and advances during the 2024 financial year have contributed to the changes in
                        the provision for credit impairment for the Group under the ECL model.
                        Overall, the total provision for credit impairment increased by $336 million compared to the balance as at 30 September 2023;
                        Individually assessed provisions increased by $217 million compared to the balance as at 30 September 2023, mainly due to new
                        and increased individually assessed provisions raised in Business and Private Banking; and Collective provisions increased by




                                                                                                                                                                                       Financial report
                        $119 million compared to the balance as at 30 September 2023, comprised of:
                        •    Collective provision performing – 12-months ECL (Stage 1) increased by $137 million as a result of:
                             – $211 billion of loans and advances that were newly originated or migrated into Stage 1 from Stage 2 or Stage 3 due to credit
                                quality improvement, including the impact of methodology refinements.
                             – This was partially offset by:
                               – $160 billion of loans and advances that were repaid, experienced movement in underlying account balances during the
                                  period or migrated from Stage 1 to Stage 2 or Stage 3 due to deterioration in credit quality.
                        •    Collective provision performing – Lifetime ECL (Stage 2) decreased by $140 million as a result of:

                                                                                                                                                                                      Additional
                             – $105 billion of loans and advances that migrated to Stage 1 as a result of improved credit quality, including the impact of
                                methodology refinements or into Stage 3 due to deterioration in credit quality, were repaid or experienced movement in
                                underlying account balances during the period.
                             – A decrease in net forward looking provisions, including the impact of methodology refinements.                                                        information




                                                                                                                                                       2024 Annual Report     199
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 17 Provision for credit impairment on loans at amortised cost
                                (cont.)
                             – This was partially offset by:
                               – $83 billion of loans and advances that were originated and migrated over the year to Stage 2, including the impact of
                                  forward looking economic information applied in the ECL model or migrated to Stage 2 as a result of loans and advances
                                  transferred from Stage 1 or Stage 3.
                        •    Collective provision non-performing - Lifetime ECL (Stage 3) increased by $122 million as a result of:
                             – $8 billion of loans and advances that experienced movement in underlying account balances during the period or were
                                transferred into Stage 3 from Stage 1 and Stage 2 due to credit quality deterioration.
                             – This was partially offset by:
                               – $6 billion of loans and advances that were repaid or migrated to Stage 1 or Stage 2 due to credit quality improvement or
                                  migrated to individually credit assessed with individually assessed provisions raised.
                                – A decrease in net forward looking provisions, including the impact of methodology refinements.

                        ECL scenario analysis
                        The Group’s ECL measurement is derived from a probability weighted average of three distinct scenarios (base case, upside
                        and downside) applied across each of the Group’s major loan portfolios, in addition to FLAs for emerging risk at an industry,
                        geography or segment level. The probability of each scenario is determined by considering relevant macro-economic outlooks
                        and their likely impact on the Group’s credit portfolio.
                        The following table shows the key macro-economic variables for the Australian economy used in the base case and downside




For personal use only
                        scenarios as at 30 September 2024:

                                                                                           Base case                                 Downside
                                                                                          Financial year                           Financial year
                                                                                  2025           2026       2027          2025            2026       2027
                                                                                     %              %          %             %                  %       %
                            GDP change (year ended September)                       2.3            2.1        2.3          (1.2)           (2.6)       2.8
                            Unemployment (as at 30 September)                       4.5            4.5        4.4           4.7             7.9        9.1
                            House price change (year ended September)               3.9            3.0        3.0         (24.5)          (20.3)       5.5


                        The following table shows the reported total provisions for ECL based on the probability weighting of scenarios, with the
                        sensitivity range reflecting the ECL impacts assuming a 100% weighting is applied to the base case scenario or the downside
                        scenario (with all other assumptions held constant):

                                                                                                                                            Group
                                                                                                                                        2024         2023
                                                                                                                                          $m          $m
                            Total provisions for ECL
                            Probability weighted                                                                                        5,921        5,585
                            100% Base case                                                                                              4,116        4,000
                            100% Downside                                                                                               8,333        7,546


                        Applying the average provision coverage ratios by stage, if 1% of the Group's Stage 1 gross loans and advances, contingent
                        liabilities and credit commitments were included as Stage 2 the provision for ECL as at September 2024 would increase by
                        $130 million (September 2023: $111 million).
                        Applying the average provision coverage ratios by stage, if 1% of the Group's Stage 2 gross loans and advances, contingent
                        liabilities and credit commitments were included as Stage 1 the provision for ECL as at September 2024 would decrease by
                        $32 million (September 2023: $34 million).




                        200    National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 17 Provision for credit impairment on loans at amortised cost
                                (cont.)
                        The table below shows weightings applied to the Australian portfolio to derive the probability weighted ECL:

                                                                                                                                                  2024            2023
                                                                                                                                                     %                  %          About

                                                                                                                                                                                this report
                            Macro-economics scenario weightings
                            Upside                                                                                                                  2.5                2.5
                            Base case                                                                                                              55.0            52.5
                            Downside                                                                                                               42.5            45.0


                        •    The September 2024 provisions for ECL in the 100% base case and downside scenarios have increased since September

                                                                                                                                                                                Our business
                             2023 primarily due to an increase in provisions held due to deterioration in asset quality in the Australian business lending
                             and mortgage portfolios, combined with volume growth in Business and Private Banking. This was partially offset by a

                                                                                                                                                                                   in 2024
                             decrease in net forward looking provisions reflecting credit deterioration in underlying outcomes, combined with the impact
                             of methodology refinements and model changes.
                        •    The downside scenario weighting for the Australian portfolio has decreased from 45.0% as at September 2023 to 42.5% as at
                             September 2024 due to a reduction in downside risks to the economic outlook.
                        The table below provides a breakdown of the probability weighted ECL by key portfolios:




                                                                                                                                                                                  Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                      Group
                                                                                                                                                  2024            2023
                                                                                                                                                    $m             $m
                            Total provision for ECL for key portfolios
                            Housing                                                                                                              1,246            1,424
                            Business                                                                                                             4,245            3,744
                            Others                                                                                                                 430             417
                            Total                                                                                                                5,921            5,585         Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                               Governance
                                                                                                       Stage 1       Stage 2             Stage 3
                                                                                                    Performing Performing
                                                                                                                                                                                Statement
                                                                                                        12-mth    Lifetime          Non-performing
                                                                                                           ECL         ECL           Lifetime ECL
                                                                                                                                               Individually
                                                                                                     Collective    Collective    Collective      assessed        Total


                                                                                                                                                                                   Risk
                            Company                                                                         $m            $m            $m                $m       $m
                            Balance at 1 October 2022                                                      385          2,758          747                442     4,332


                                                                                                                                                                                management
                            Changes due to financial assets recognised in the opening balance
                            that have:
                             Transferred to performing - 12-mth ECL - collective                           223           (212)          (11)                -            -
                             Transferred to performing - Lifetime ECL - collective                          (18)          88            (70)                -            -
                             Transferred to non-performing - Lifetime ECL - collective                       (1)          (42)          43                  -            -


                                                                                                                                                                                  Report of
                             Transferred to non-performing - Lifetime ECL - individually assessed             -           (11)          (32)               43            -
                            New and increased provisions (net of collective provision releases)            (135)         360           160                435      820
                            Write-backs of individually assessed provisions                                   -             -             -               (93)         (93)
                            Write-offs from individually assessed provisions                                  -             -             -           (367)       (367)
                                                                                                                                                                                the Directors
                            Foreign currency translation and other adjustments                                -             -             -                 1           1
                            Balance as at 30 September 2023                                                454          2,941          837                461     4,693
                            Changes due to financial assets recognised in the opening balance




                                                                                                                                                                                  Financial report
                            that have:
                             Transferred to performing - 12-mth ECL - collective                           359          (337)          (22)                 -            -
                             Transferred to performing - Lifetime ECL - collective                         (41)          142          (101)                 -            -
                             Transferred to non-performing - Lifetime ECL - collective                      (2)          (79)           81                  -            -
                             Transferred to non-performing - Lifetime ECL - individually assessed             -          (20)          (65)               85             -
                            New and increased provisions (net of collective provision releases)           (215)           97           277             656         815
                            Write-backs of individually assessed provisions                                   -             -             -           (106)       (106)
                            Write-offs from individually assessed provisions                                  -             -             -           (458)       (458)


                                                                                                                                                                                 Additional
                            Foreign currency translation and other adjustments                               9            12             3                 (3)         21
                            Balance as at 30 September 2024                                                564         2,756         1,010             635       4,965

                                                                                                                                                                                information




                                                                                                                                                  2024 Annual Report     201
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 17 Provision for credit impairment on loans at amortised cost
                                (cont.)
                        Impact of movements in gross carrying amount on provision for ECL for the Company
                        Provision for credit impairment reflects ECL measured using the three-stage approach. The below explains how significant
                        changes in the gross carrying amount of loans and advances during the 2024 financial year have contributed to the changes in
                        the provision for credit impairment for the Company under the ECL model.
                        Overall, the total provision for credit impairment increased by $272 million compared to the balance as at 30 September 2023;
                        Individually assessed provisions increased by $174 million compared to the balance as at 30 September 2023, mainly due to new
                        and increased individually assessed provisions raised in Business and Private Banking; and Collective provisions increased by
                        $98 million compared to the balance as at 30 September 2023, comprised of:
                        •   Collective provision performing – 12-months ECL (Stage 1) increased by $110 million due to:
                            – $180 billion of loans and advances that were newly originated or migrated into Stage 1 from Stage 2 or Stage 3 due to credit
                               quality improvement, including the impact of methodology refinements.
                            – This was partially offset by:
                              – $139 billion of loans and advances that were repaid, experienced movement in underlying account balances during the
                                 period or migrated from Stage 1 to Stage 2 or Stage 3 due to deterioration in credit quality.
                        •   Collective provision performing – Lifetime ECL (Stage 2) decreased by $185 million due to:
                            – $92 billion of loans and advances that were repaid, experienced movement in underlying account balances during the
                               period, migrated to Stage 1 as a result of improved credit quality, including the impact of methodology refinements or into
                               Stage 3 due to deterioration in credit quality.




For personal use only
                            – A decrease in net forward looking provisions, including the impact of methodology refinements.
                            – This was partially offset by:
                              – $67 billion of loans and advances that were originated and migrated over the year to Stage 2, including the impact of
                                 forward looking economic information applied in the ECL model or migrated to Stage 2 as a result of loans and advances
                                 transferred from Stage 1 or Stage 3.
                        •   Collective provision non-performing - Lifetime ECL (Stage 3) increased by $173 million due to:
                            – $7 billion of existing loans and advances that were transferred into Stage 3 from Stage 1 and Stage 2 due to credit quality
                               deterioration or experienced movement in underlying account balances during the period.
                            – This was partially offset by:
                              – $5 billion of loan and advances that were repaid, migrated to Stage 1 or Stage 2 due to credit quality improvement or
                                 migrated to individually credit assessed with individually assessed provisions raised.
                               – A decrease in net forward looking provisions, including the impact of methodology refinements.

                        Write-offs still under enforcement activity
                        The contractual amount outstanding on loans and advances that were written off during the 2024 financial year, which are still
                        subject to enforcement activity, was $26 million (2023: $9 million) for the Group and $25 million (2023: $8 million) for the Company.




                        202   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 18
                        Derivatives and hedge accounting

                          Accounting policy
                          Trading derivatives
                          Trading derivatives are not in a qualifying hedging relationship and are measured at fair value through profit or loss.
                          Hedge accounting
                          The Group utilises the following types of hedge relationships in managing its exposure to risk. At inception of all hedge relationships the Group documents the relationship between




For personal use only
                          the hedging instrument and hedged item, the risk being hedged, the Group’s risk management objective and strategy and how effectiveness will be measured throughout the
                          hedge relationship.

                                                                             Cash flow hedge                                                        Fair value hedge
                           Objective                                         To hedge changes to cash flows arising from interest rate and          To hedge fair value changes to recognised assets and
                                                                             foreign currency risk.                                                 liabilities arising from interest rate and foreign currency risk.
                           Methods for testing hedge effectiveness           Critical terms matching, regression analysis or cumulative             Critical terms matching or cumulative dollar offset.
                                                                             dollar offset.
                           Potential sources of ineffectiveness              Primarily mismatches in terms of the hedged item and the               Primarily mismatches in terms of the hedged item and the
                                                                             hedging instrument.                                                    hedging instrument, prepayment risk and reset risk.
                                                                             Discounting basis between the hedged item and                          Discounting basis between the hedged item and
                                                                             hedging instrument.                                                    hedging instrument.
                           Recognition of effective hedge portion            Fair value changes of the hedging instrument associated with           Fair value changes of the hedging instrument and those arising
                                                                             the hedged risk are recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve          from the hedged risk on the hedged item are recognised in the
                                                                             in equity.                                                             income statement.
                           Recognition of ineffective hedge portion                                             Recognised in the income statement as ineffectiveness arises.
                           Hedging instrument expires, is sold, or           Transferred to the income statement as / when the hedged            Cumulative hedge adjustment to the hedged item is amortised
                           when hedging criteria are no longer met           item affects the income statement. If the hedged item is no         to the income statement on an effective yield basis.
                                                                             longer expected to occur the effective portion accumulated in
                                                                             equity is transferred to the income statement immediately.
                           Cost of hedging reserve                           For qualifying hedging instruments, the Group excludes foreign currency basis spreads from hedge designations. Any change
                                                                             in the fair value of these hedging instruments for changes in cross currency basis spreads is deferred to the cost of hedging
                                                                             reserve and released to profit or loss either when the hedged exposure affects profit or loss or on a systematic basis over the life
                                                                             of the hedge. The cumulative movements are expected to be nil by maturity of the hedging instruments.




                                                                                                                                                                                                       2024 Annual Report   203
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting (cont.)

                        Derivative assets and liabilities
                        The tables below set out total derivative assets and liabilities disclosed as trading and hedging derivatives.

                        Total derivatives

                                                                                                                     Group                                                  Company
                                                                                                    Assets                          Liabilities                Assets                    Liabilities




For personal use only
                                                                                                 2024            2023             2024             2023     2024         2023          2024             2023
                                                                                                   $m             $m                $m              $m        $m          $m             $m              $m
                         Trading derivatives                                                   26,759          30,770            27,026           31,122   27,161       31,079        29,678           33,587
                         Hedging derivatives                                                    2,007           3,499             5,550            4,511    1,297        2,705         3,335            2,523
                         Total derivatives                                                     28,766          34,269            32,576           35,633   28,458       33,784        33,013           36,110


                        Trading derivatives

                                                                                                                     Group                                                  Company
                                                                                                    Assets                          Liabilities                Assets                    Liabilities
                                                                                                 2024            2023             2024             2023     2024         2023          2024             2023
                                                                                                   $m             $m                $m              $m        $m          $m             $m              $m
                         Foreign exchange rate-related contracts
                           Spot and forward contracts                                          10,325          11,514            11,079           10,284    9,795       11,209        10,360           10,022
                           Cross currency swaps                                                 8,206           8,656             8,358            7,969   10,087       10,545        12,134           11,446
                           Options / swaptions                                                     68             138              127              133       69          136           127              133
                         Total foreign exchange rate-related contracts                         18,599          20,308            19,564           18,386   19,951       21,890        22,621           21,601
                         Interest rate-related contracts
                           Swaps                                                                6,575           8,710             5,970           10,671    5,605        7,429         5,554            9,919
                           Options / swaptions                                                    846           1,148             1,062            1,393     846         1,148         1,060            1,389
                         Total interest rate-related contracts                                  7,421           9,858             7,032           12,064    6,451        8,577         6,614           11,308
                           Credit derivatives                                                     255             146              300              134      255          146           300              134
                           Commodity derivatives                                                  479             453              128              533      499          461           141              541
                           Other derivatives                                                        5               5                    2            5        5            5             2                3
                         Total trading derivatives                                             26,759          30,770            27,026           31,122   27,161       31,079        29,678           33,587




                        204   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting (cont.)

                        Risk management strategy for hedge accounting

                        Overview
                        The Group’s hedging strategy is to manage its exposure to interest rate risk on a net variable basis in Australian or New Zealand dollars. For Australian and New Zealand denominated
                        exposures the Group will enter into interest rate swaps where the exposure is to a fixed interest rate. In some instances, cash flow hedges of interest rate risk are also used to arrive at a
                        net variable rate position. Foreign currency exposures are swapped to Australian or New Zealand dollars using cross-currency swaps and interest rate swaps. The material risks and the risk
                        management strategy are explained further below.




For personal use only
                        Cash flow hedges – interest rate risk
                        The Group manages interest rate risk exposure on deposits and loans via interest rate derivatives. The Group accounts for these hedge relationships as a macro cash flow hedge. The gross
                        exposures are allocated to time buckets based on expected repricing dates, with interest rate derivatives allocated to hedge accordingly. The benchmark interest rate is hedged which
                        represents the largest component of changes in fair value and is observable in relevant financial markets.

                        Cash flow hedges – foreign currency risk
                        The Group is exposed to foreign currency risk on credit margin cash flows and foreign currency risk on the principal cash flows, both of which arise from foreign currency debt issuances. The
                        Group is also exposed to foreign currency risk on certain operating costs. The Group uses foreign currency derivatives to manage changes between the foreign currency and Australian and
                        New Zealand dollars for the above mentioned cash flows.

                        Fair value hedges – interest rate risk
                        Interest rate risk arises on fixed rate bonds, notes and subordinated debt issuances, fixed rate debt instruments held for liquidity purposes and fixed rate loans and advances. The Group
                        hedges its interest rate risk on these instruments with relevant interest rate derivatives to reduce its exposure to changes in fair value due to interest rate fluctuations.
                        With all the fair value hedges, the benchmark interest rate is hedged which represents the largest component of changes in fair value and is observable in relevant financial markets.




                                                                                                                                                                                                  2024 Annual Report   205
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting (cont.)

                        Hedging derivatives
                        Hedging derivative assets and liabilities are disclosed by the hedged risk and type of hedge relationship in which they are designated. The Group may designate separate derivatives to
                        hedge different risk components of one hedged item. In such a scenario the notional amount of hedging derivatives will, in sum, exceed the notional amount of the hedged item. In the case
                        of cross-currency swaps, the Group can designate a single instrument to hedge both interest rate risk in a fair value hedge and currency risk in a cash flow hedge.

                                                                                                                                                 Group                                          Company
                                                                                                                                     2024                    2023                    2024                     2023




For personal use only
                                                                                                                              Carrying                Carrying                Carrying                Carrying
                                                                                                                               amount    Notional      amount    Notional      amount    Notional      amount     Notional
                                                                              Hedging instrument              Risk                 $m           $m         $m          $m          $m           $m         $m           $m
                         Derivative assets
                         Cash flow hedges                                     Interest rate swaps           Interest                 -      264,288          -      177,400          -      252,314           -      159,050
                         Cash flow hedges                                   Cross-currency swaps            Currency             1,894       55,741      3,370       90,389      1,223       32,809       2,576       70,629
                         Cash flow hedges                                Foreign exchange contracts         Currency                1          226         98         7,908         1          226          98         7,908
                         Fair value hedges                                    Interest rate swaps           Interest              102        87,680        28        67,540        63        72,387         28        65,635
                         Fair value and cash flow hedges                    Cross-currency swaps      Interest and currency        10          598          1           21         10          598           1           21
                         Cash flow hedges                                            Futures(1)             Interest                 -          66          2         1,866          -          66           2         1,866
                         Total derivative assets                                                                                 2,007      408,599      3,499      345,124      1,297      358,400       2,705      305,109


                         Derivative liabilities
                         Cash flow hedges                                     Interest rate swaps           Interest                3       218,005         3       165,627         3       199,437          3       152,929
                         Cash flow hedges                                   Cross-currency swaps            Currency             4,598      132,755      2,580       94,734      3,036       90,308       1,844       56,839
                         Cash flow hedges                                Foreign exchange contracts         Currency              146         3,930       151        15,864       146         3,930        151        15,864
                         Fair value hedges                                    Interest rate swaps           Interest              106        79,733       425       108,249        78        63,348        290        81,548
                         Fair value and cash flow hedges                    Cross-currency swaps      Interest and currency       697         5,378      1,352        6,773        72          931         235         1,934
                         Cash flow hedges                                            Futures(1)             Interest                 -        1,153          -         465           -        1,153           -         465
                         Total derivative liabilities                                                                            5,550      440,954      4,511      391,712      3,335      359,107       2,523      309,579
                         (1) Futures notional amounts are netted for presentation purposes.




                        206   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting (cont.)

                        The following table shows the maturity profile of hedging instruments based on their notional amounts.

                                                                                                                    2024                                                  2023
                                                                                               0 to 12                                               0 to 12
                                                                                              months     1 to 5 years      Over 5 years     Total   months     1 to 5 years      Over 5 years             Total
                                                                                                  $m             $m                 $m        $m        $m             $m                 $m                $m
                         Group




For personal use only
                         Interest rate swaps                                                  384,458        210,694            54,554    649,706   235,775        229,751             53,290           518,816
                         Foreign exchange contracts                                             4,120             36                  -     4,156    23,714             58                  -            23,772
                         Futures                                                                1,171             48                  -     1,219      1,681           650                  -              2,331
                         Cross-currency swaps - interest and currency                           2,236          3,440               300      5,976       744          5,746               304               6,794
                         Cross-currency swaps - currency                                       35,147        121,154            32,195    188,496    28,518        120,530             36,075           185,123


                         Company
                         Interest rate swaps                                                  368,551        169,000            49,937    587,488   220,232        191,754             47,176           459,162
                         Foreign exchange contracts                                             4,120             36                  -     4,156    23,714             58                  -            23,772
                         Futures(1)                                                             1,171             48                  -     1,219      1,681           650                  -              2,331
                         Cross-currency swaps - interest and currency                             647            581               300      1,528       404          1,247               304               1,955
                         Cross-currency swaps - currency                                       28,872         70,799            23,445    123,116    26,676         75,784             25,008           127,468
                         (1) Futures notional amounts are netted for presentation purposes.




                                                                                                                                                                                           2024 Annual Report   207
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting (cont.)

                        The average rate for major currencies of the final exchange of cross-currency swaps designated in hedge accounting relationships is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                 Group                               Company
                                                                                                                                                             2024              2023                2024              2023
                         USD:AUD                                                                                                                            1.437              1.416               1.429             1.412
                         EUR:AUD                                                                                                                            1.538              1.514               1.579             1.546
                         GBP:AUD                                                                                                                            1.874              1.867               1.892             1.861




For personal use only
                         USD:NZD                                                                                                                            1.508              1.488                 n/a               n/a
                         CHF:NZD                                                                                                                            1.554              1.554                 n/a               n/a
                         EUR:NZD                                                                                                                            1.724              1.715                 n/a               n/a


                        The range of executed rates for interest rate swaps in hedge accounting relationships for major currencies is as follows:

                                                                                                            Group                                                                  Company
                                                                                           2024                                  2023                               2024                                2023
                                                                                 Fair value        Cash flow          Fair value        Cash flow         Fair value        Cash flow         Fair value       Cash flow
                                                                                   hedges            hedges             hedges            hedges            hedges            hedges            hedges           hedges
                                                                                          %                 %                   %                 %                 %                  %               %                 %
                         NZD interest rates                                    0.25 to 3.05       0.04 to 7.30       1.95 to 3.05       0.04 to 7.30    1.95 to 3.05                   -     1.95 to 3.05                -
                         USD interest rates                                    0.61 to 5.08                  -       0.61 to 4.85                 -     0.61 to 2.73                   -     0.61 to 2.73                -
                         AUD interest rates                                    0.40 to 3.19       0.15 to 7.02       0.40 to 4.37       0.06 to 7.02    0.40 to 3.19       0.15 to 7.02      0.40 to 3.99      0.06 to 7.02
                         EUR interest rates                                   (0.19) to 3.71                 -      (0.22) to 3.71                -    (0.19) to 2.61                  -   (0.22) to 2.61                -




                        208   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting (cont.)

                        Hedged items
                        The balance of the cash flow hedge reserve, which represents the effective portion of the movements in the hedging instrument, is presented in Note 29 Reserves. The movements in
                        hedging instruments recognised in other comprehensive income are reported in the statement of other comprehensive income. As at 30 September, the amounts recognised in the Group’s
                        cash flow hedge reserve for which hedge accounting is no longer applied is a loss of $16 million (2023: loss of $11 million).
                        The following table shows the carrying amount of fair value hedged items in hedge relationships, and the accumulated amount of fair value hedge adjustments in these carrying amounts. The
                        Group does not hedge its entire exposure to a class of financial instruments, therefore the carrying amounts below do not equal the total carrying amounts disclosed in other notes.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                      Group                                                                                               Company
                                                                                             2024                                               2023                                                2024                                              2023
                                                                                                          Fair value                                         Fair value                                         Fair value                                         Fair value
                                                                                   Carrying                  hedge                    Carrying                  hedge                    Carrying                  hedge                    Carrying                  hedge
                                                                                    amount             adjustments                     amount             adjustments                     amount             adjustments                     amount             adjustments
                                                                                          $m                       $m                        $m                       $m                        $m                       $m                        $m                       $m
                         Debt instruments(1)
                         Semi-government bonds, notes
                         and securities                                               27,012                          -                  22,872                         -                   27,003                          -                  22,872                           -


                         Loans and advances
                         Other term lending                                               725                      (16)                     763                       (54)                      725                      (16)                     763                         (54)


                         Bonds, notes and
                         subordinated debt
                         Medium-term notes                                            50,516                      (670)                  46,451                    (2,876)                  41,813                      (558)                  40,033                    (2,348)
                         Covered bonds(2)                                             25,652                      (246)                  22,969                    (1,463)                         -                        -                        -                          -
                         Subordinated medium-term notes                               13,497                   (1,667)                   13,128                    (2,906)                  13,497                    (1,667)                  13,128                    (2,906)
                         (1) The carrying amount of debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income does not include a fair value hedge adjustment as the hedged asset is measured at fair value. The accounting for the hedge relationship results in a transfer
                             from other comprehensive income to the income statement.
                         (2) The Company does not apply hedge accounting to covered bonds, however these are designated for hedge accounting purposes at the Group level.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2024 Annual Report     209
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 18 Derivatives and hedge accounting (cont.)

                        Hedge ineffectiveness
                        Fair value and cash flow hedge relationships result in the following changes in value used as the basis for recognising hedge
                        ineffectiveness for the years ended 30 September:

                                                                                                                                     Hedge ineffectiveness
                                                                     Change in fair value on        Change in fair value on               recognised in
                                                                      hedging instruments              hedged items                    income statement
                                                                          2024           2023            2024           2023               2024          2023
                                                                            $m            $m               $m            $m                 $m                $m
                         Group
                         Fair value hedges (interest rate risk)          2,171          (1,660)         (2,205)        1,610                (34)              (50)
                         Cash flow hedges (interest rate risk)           2,288            151           (2,287)         (149)                 1                 2
                         Cash flow hedges (currency risk)               (4,276)          3,065          4,288          (3,038)               12               27
                         Fair value and cash flow hedges
                         (interest rate and currency risk)                  45             21             (45)           (21)                 -                 -
                         Total                                             228           1,577           (249)         (1,598)              (21)              (21)


                         Company




For personal use only
                         Fair value hedges (interest rate risk)            596          (1,488)          (624)         1,439                (28)              (49)
                         Cash flow hedges (interest rate risk)           2,307            352           (2,307)         (352)                 -                 -
                         Cash flow hedges (currency risk)               (3,417)          1,502          3,429          (1,480)              12                22
                         Total                                            (514)           366             498           (393)               (16)              (27)


                        The below tables present movements in the cash flow hedge reserve for each type of hedged risk.

                                                                                                                        Group                      Company
                                                                                                                     2024        2023         2024       2023
                                                                                                                      $m           $m              $m         $m
                         Cash flow hedge (interest rate risk)
                         Cash flow hedges - gains / (losses) recognised in other comprehensive income               1,214         (292)       1,091          (357)
                         Amount reclassified from the cash flow hedge reserve to income statement                   1,067          427        1,217          711


                                                                                                                        Group                      Company
                                                                                                                     2024        2023         2024       2023
                                                                                                                      $m           $m              $m         $m
                         Cash flow hedge (currency risk)
                         Cash flow hedges - gains / (losses) recognised in other comprehensive income              (4,300)       3,034       (3,428)     1,480
                         Amount reclassified from the cash flow hedge reserve to income statement                   4,120        (3,103)      3,272      (1,531)




                        210   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 19
                        Financial risk management
                        Overview of Risk Management Framework
                        Risk is the potential for harm and an inherent part of the Group's business. The Group's ability to manage risk effectively is critical
                        to being a safe and secure bank that can serve customers well and help our communities prosper. The Group's risk management                     About
                        is in line with APRA Prudential Standard CPS 220 Risk Management.
                        The Group's Risk Management Framework (RMF) consists of systems, structures, policies, processes and people within the                       this report
                        Group that manage the Group's material risks. The RMF is comprehensively reviewed every three years for appropriateness,
                        effectiveness and adequacy by an operationally independent party. The Board is ultimately responsible for the Risk Management
                        Framework and oversees its operation by management. In addition, directors and senior executives are held accountable for the
                        parts of the Group’s operations they manage or control.


                                                                                                                                                                     Our business
                        The Group applies a 'Three Lines of Accountability' operating model in relation to the management of risk. The overarching
                        principle of the model is that risk management capability must be embedded within the business to be effective. The role of each
                        line is:
                        •   First Line - Businesses own risks and obligations, and the controls and mitigation strategies that help manage them.                        in 2024
                        •   Second Line - A functionally segregated Risk function develops risk management frameworks, defines risk boundaries,
                            provides objective review and challenge regarding the effectiveness of risk management within the first line businesses,
                            and executes specific risk management activities where a functional segregation of duties and/or specific risk capability
                            is required.




                                                                                                                                                                       Creating value




For personal use only
                        •   Third Line - An independent Internal Audit function reporting to the Board monitors the end-to-end effectiveness of risk
                            management and compliance with the RMF.
                        Further risk management information for the Group is set out in Risk management overview.

                        Credit risk

                        Credit risk overview, management and control responsibilities
                        Credit is any transaction that creates an actual or potential obligation for a counterparty or a customer to pay the Group. Credit

                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate
                        risk is the potential that a counterparty or customer will fail to meet its obligations to the Group in accordance with the agreed
                        terms. Lending activities account for most of the Group’s credit risk, however other sources of credit risk also exist throughout
                        the activities of the Group. These activities include the trading book, and other financial instruments and loans (including, but not       Governance
                        limited to, acceptances, placements, inter-bank transactions, trade financing, foreign exchange transactions, swaps, bonds and
                        options), as well as in the extension of commitments and guarantees and the settlement of transactions.                                      Statement
                        The Group structures the levels of credit risk it undertakes by placing limits on the amount of risk accepted in relation to existing
                        or potential counterparties or customers, groups of related counterparties or groups of related customers, and to geographical
                        and industry segments. Such risks are monitored on an ongoing basis and are subject to annual or more frequent review.


                                                                                                                                                                        Risk
                        In general, the Group does not take possession of collateral it holds as security or call on other credit enhancements that would
                        result in recognition of an asset on the balance sheet.


                                                                                                                                                                     management
                        Exposure to credit risk is managed through regular analysis of the ability of existing or potential counterparties, customers,
                        groups of related counterparties or groups of related customers to meet repayment obligations, primarily interest and principal,
                        and by changing credit limits where appropriate. Exposure to credit risk is also managed in part, by obtaining collateral and
                        corporate and personal guarantees.
                        The Group further restricts its exposure to credit losses by entering into master netting arrangements for derivatives,
                        repurchase and securities lending transactions with counterparties with which it undertakes a significant volume of

                                                                                                                                                                       Report of
                        transactions. The credit risk associated with contracts favourable to a Group entity is reduced by a master netting arrangement
                        to the extent that if a counterparty failed to meet its obligations in accordance with agreed terms, all contracts with a
                        counterparty can be terminated and settled on a net basis.

                        ESG risks                                                                                                                                    the Directors
                        The Group is exposed to ESG and other emerging risks. The following items are examples of how these risks may impact
                        the Group:
                        •   Increases in the frequency and severity of climatic events could impact customers’ ability to service their loans or the value




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial report
                            of the collateral held to secure the loans.
                        •   Action taken by governments, regulators and society more generally, to transition to a low-carbon economy, could impact
                            the ability of some customers to generate long-term returns in a sustainable way or lead to certain assets being stranded in
                            the future.
                        •   Failure to comply with environmental and social legislation (emerging and current) may impact customers’ ability to generate
                            sustainable returns and service their loans.
                        •   If customers don’t hold appropriate levels of insurance for physical assets against certain risks, this may impact the value the
                            Group can recover in the event of certain natural disasters.

                                                                                                                                                                      Additional
                        The Group considers these risks as part of the credit risk assessment and due diligence process before relevant customers
                        are granted credit and for new product development. The Group also manages its total credit portfolio within established risk

                                                                                                                                                                     information
                        appetite and limits, particularly for specific industries or regions that are more exposed to these types of risks. In addition, the
                        Group may recognise FLAs to the provision for credit impairment for the impact of adverse climate events. There were no such
                        provisions required in the year ended 30 September 2024.



                                                                                                                                         2024 Annual Report   211
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

                        Maximum exposure to credit risk
                        For financial assets recognised on the balance sheet, the maximum exposure to credit risk is the carrying amount. In certain
                        circumstances, there may be differences between the carrying amounts reported on the balance sheet and the amounts
                        reported in the tables below. Principally, these differences arise in respect of financial assets that are subject to risks other
                        than credit risk, such as equity instruments which are primarily subject to market risk, or bank notes and coins.
                        For financial guarantees granted, the maximum exposure to credit risk is the maximum amount that the Group would have to
                        pay if the guarantees are called upon. For irrevocable loan commitments and other credit-related commitments, the maximum
                        exposure to credit risk is the full amount of committed facilities.
                        The table below shows the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk for on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet positions
                        before taking into account any collateral held or other credit enhancements.

                                                                                                             Group                        Company
                                                                                                         2024            2023           2024           2023
                                                                                    Footnote               $m             $m              $m            $m
                         Financial assets
                         Cash and liquid assets                                        (a)               1,350         23,669           1,261         23,022
                         Due from other banks                                          (b)            110,438         117,306        105,061         106,955




For personal use only
                         Collateral placed                                             (c)               9,633         11,286           8,929         10,214
                         Trading assets                                                (d)            133,606         101,168        120,517          90,417
                         Derivative assets                                             (d)              28,766         34,269         28,458          33,784
                         Debt instruments                                              (e)              41,999         46,357         41,983          46,336
                         Other financial assets                                        (f)                769           1,430            769           1,708
                         Gross loans and advances                                      (f)            737,630         707,228        638,629         611,556
                         Due from controlled entities                                  (g)                   -              -         51,039          43,577
                         Other assets                                                  (g)               6,733          6,869           5,759          6,572
                         Total                                                                       1,070,924       1,049,582      1,002,405        974,141
                         Bank guarantees and letters of credit                         (h)              26,597         26,321         24,860          24,637
                         Credit commitments                                            (h)            210,124         208,853        190,297         188,268
                         Total                                                                        236,721         235,174        215,157         212,905
                         Total credit risk exposure                                                  1,307,645       1,284,756      1,217,562      1,187,046


                        (a) The balance of Cash and liquid assets that is exposed to credit risk is comprised primarily of bills receivable and remittances
                            in transit. In the September 2023 financial year the balance also included reverse repurchase agreements.
                        (b) The balance of Due from other banks that is exposed to credit risk is comprised of securities borrowing agreements and
                            reverse repurchase agreements, as well as balances held with central supervisory banks and other interest earning assets.
                            Securities borrowing agreements and reverse repurchase agreements are collateralised with highly liquid securities and the
                            collateral is in excess of the borrowed or loaned amount.
                            Balances held with central supervisory banks and other interest earning assets that are due from other banks are managed
                            based on the counterparty’s creditworthiness. The Group utilises master netting arrangements where possible to reduce its
                            exposure to credit risk.
                        (c) The maximum exposure to credit risk from Collateral placed is the collateral placed with the counterparty before
                            consideration of any netting arrangements.
                        (d) At any one time, the maximum exposure to credit risk from Trading assets and Derivative assets is limited to the current
                            fair value of instruments that are favourable to the Group less collateral obtained. This credit risk is managed as part of the
                            overall lending limits with customers, together with potential exposures from market movements.
                            The Group uses documentation including International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) Master Agreements to
                            document derivative activities. Under ISDA Master Agreements, if a default of a counterparty occurs, all contracts with the
                            counterparty are terminated. They are then settled on a net basis at market levels current at the time of default. The Group
                            also executes Credit Support Annexes in conjunction with ISDA Master Agreements.
                            Credit risk from over-the-counter trading and hedging derivatives is mitigated where possible through netting arrangements
                            whereby derivative assets and liabilities with the same counterparty can be offset in certain circumstances. Derivatives that
                            are cleared through a central clearing counterparty or an exchange have less credit risk than over-the-counter derivatives
                            and are subject to relevant netting and collateral agreements. For these, where settled to market has been applied, the
                            unrealised or outstanding fair value of derivative assets and liabilities are settled daily through cash receipts and payments,
                            further reducing credit risk.
                            Collateral is obtained against derivative assets, depending on the creditworthiness of the counterparty and / or the nature of
                            the transaction.
                        (e) Debt instruments are generally comprised of government, semi-government, corporate and financial institution bonds,
                            notes and securities. The amount of collateral held against such instruments will depend on the counterparty and the nature
                            of the specific financial instrument.
                            The Group may utilise credit default swaps, guarantees provided by central banks, other forms of credit enhancements or
                            collateral to minimise the Group’s exposure to credit risk.


                        212   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

                        (f) Gross loans and advances and Other financial assets primarily comprise general lending and line of credit products. The
                            distinction is due to accounting classification and measurement. These lending products will generally have a significant level
                            of collateralisation depending on the nature of the product.
                            Other lending to non-retail customers may be provided on an unsecured basis or secured (partially or fully) by acceptable                 About
                            collateral defined in specific Group credit policy and business unit procedures. Collateral is generally comprised of business
                            assets, inventories and in some cases personal assets of the borrower. The Group manages its exposure to these products                this report
                            by completing a credit evaluation to assess the customer’s character, industry, business model and capacity to meet their
                            commitments without distress. Collateral provides a secondary source of repayment for funds advanced in the event that
                            a customer cannot meet their contractual repayment obligations. For amounts due from customers on acceptances the
                            Group generally has recourse to guarantees, underlying inventories or other assets in the event of default which significantly
                            mitigates the credit risk associated with accepting the customer’s credit facility with a third party.

                                                                                                                                                                   Our business
                            Housing loans are secured against residential property as collateral and, where applicable, Lenders Mortgage Insurance (LMI)
                            is obtained by the Group (mostly in Australia) to cover any shortfall in outstanding loan principal and accrued interest. LMI


                                                                                                                                                                      in 2024
                            is generally obtained for residential mortgages with a Loan to Valuation Ratio (LVR) in excess of 80%. The financial effect of
                            these measures is that remaining credit risk on residential mortgage loans is minimal. Other retail lending products are mostly
                            unsecured (e.g., credit card outstandings and other personal lending).
                        (g) The balance of Other assets which is exposed to credit risk includes securities sold not delivered, interest receivable
                            accruals and other receivables. Interest receivable accruals are subject to the same collateral as the underlying borrowings.
                            Other receivables will mostly be unsecured. There are typically no collateral or other credit enhancements obtained in




                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value




For personal use only
                            respect of amounts Due from controlled entities.
                        (h) Bank guarantees and letters of credit are comprised primarily of guarantees to customers, standby or documentary letters
                            of credit and performance related contingencies. The Group will typically have recourse to specific assets pledged as
                            collateral in the event of a default by a party for which the Group has guaranteed its obligations to a third party and therefore
                            tend to carry the same credit risk as loans.
                            Credit commitments represent binding commitments to extend credit where the Group is potentially exposed to loss of an
                            amount equal to the total unused commitments. However, the likely amount of loss is generally less than the total unused
                            commitments, as most commitments to extend credit are contingent upon customers maintaining specific credit standards.
                            The Group monitors the term to maturity of credit commitments because, in general, longer-term commitments have a
                            greater degree of credit risk than shorter term commitments.                                                                           Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                  Governance
                                                                                                                                                                   Statement




                                                                                                                                                                      Risk

                                                                                                                                                                   management




                                                                                                                                                                     Report of

                                                                                                                                                                   the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                    Additional

                                                                                                                                                                   information




                                                                                                                                       2024 Annual Report   213
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

                        Offsetting financial assets and liabilities
                        The tables below present the amounts of financial instruments that have been offset on the balance sheet, as well as those
                        amounts that are subject to enforceable master netting arrangements or similar agreements. The tables exclude financial
                        instruments that are not subject to offsetting arrangements but are instead only subject to collateral arrangements.
                        The ‘Net amounts’ presented in the tables are not intended to represent the Group’s actual exposure to credit risk. The Group
                        utilises a wide range of strategies to mitigate credit risk in addition to netting and collateral arrangements, including placing
                        limits on the amount of risk accepted in relation to counterparties, customers, groups of related counterparties or customers
                        and geographical and industry segments.
                        The amounts recognised on the balance sheet are presented in the 'Total balance sheet amount' column in the tables
                        below, and comprise the sum of the 'Net amount reported on balance sheet' and 'Amounts not subject to enforceable
                        netting arrangements'.

                                                                                                                 2024
                                                                                       Subject to enforceable netting arrangements
                                                                           Amounts offset on
                                                                            balance sheet                      Amounts not offset on balance sheet
                                                                                        Net                                               Amounts
                                                                                    amount                                                     not




For personal use only
                                                                                   reported                                              subject to                                       Total
                                                                                         on                  Non-                      enforceable                                       balance
                                                                      Gross Amount balance      Financial    cash       Cash     Net        netting                                       sheet
                                                                     amount offset    sheet Instruments collateral collateral Amount arrangements                                        amount
                         Group                                              $m         $m           $m               $m             $m            $m          $m                  $m          $m
                         Derivative assets    (1)(2)
                                                                       33,021      (8,763)      24,258          (16,234)          (112)       (5,038)      2,874               4,508      28,766
                         Reverse repurchase agreements                106,934 (16,663)          90,271                  -      (90,271)              -          -                   -     90,271
                         Loans and advances                              4,910     (4,798)         112                  -              -             -       112            738,094     738,206
                         Total assets                                 144,865 (30,224) 114,641                  (16,234)       (90,383)       (5,038)      2,986            742,602     857,243
                         Derivative liabilities(1)(2)                 (35,761)      8,763     (26,998)           16,144              60        8,732      (2,062)             (5,578) (32,576)
                         Repurchase agreements                        (74,444) 16,663         (57,781)                  -       57,781               -          -                   -    (57,781)
                         Deposits and other borrowings                  (9,257)     4,798       (4,459)                 -              -             -    (4,459)          (709,919) (714,378)
                         Total liabilities                           (119,462) 30,224         (89,238)           16,144         57,841         8,732      (6,521)          (715,497) (804,735)


                         Company
                         Derivative assets(1)(2)                       23,924            -      23,924          (14,487)          (112)       (4,072)      5,253               4,534      28,458
                         Reverse repurchase agreements                101,320 (15,384)          85,936                  -      (85,936)              -          -                   -     85,936
                         Loans and advances                              4,347     (4,324)           23                 -              -             -         23           639,182     639,205
                         Total assets                                 129,591 (19,708) 109,883                  (14,487)       (86,048)       (4,072)      5,276            643,716     753,599
                         Derivative liabilities(1)(2)                 (26,714)           -    (26,714)           14,409              60        8,388      (3,857)             (6,299) (33,013)
                         Repurchase agreements                        (69,977) 15,384         (54,593)                  -       54,593               -          -                   -    (54,593)
                         Deposits and other borrowings                  (6,638)     4,324       (2,314)                 -              -             -    (2,314)          (634,251) (636,565)
                         Total liabilities                           (103,329) 19,708         (83,621)           14,409         54,653         8,388      (6,171)          (640,550) (724,171)
                         (1) As at 30 September 2024, the amount offset for derivative assets includes $419 million (Company: $nil) of cash collateral netting and the amount offset for derivative
                             liabilities includes $77 million (Company: $nil) of cash collateral netting.
                         (2) The decrease in ‘Gross amount’ and ‘Amount offset’ for derivative assets and derivative liabilities since 30 September 2023 was driven by an increase in the number of
                             centrally cleared derivatives subject to settled-to-market arrangements.




                        214   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

                                                                                                                  2023
                                                                                        Subject to enforceable netting arrangements

                                                                                                                                                                                                            About
                                                                           Amounts offset on
                                                                            balance sheet                       Amounts not offset on balance sheet


                                                                                                                                                                                                         this report
                                                                                        Net                                                                           Amounts
                                                                                    amount                                                                                 not
                                                                                   reported                                                                          subject to             Total
                                                                                         on                  Non-                                                  enforceable             balance
                                                                      Gross Amount balance      Financial    cash       Cash                                 Net        netting             sheet
                                                                     amount offset    sheet Instruments collateral collateral                             Amount arrangements              amount
                         Group                                             $m          $m           $m                $m             $m            $m           $m                  $m          $m


                                                                                                                                                                                                         Our business
                         Derivative assets    (1)
                                                                      157,389 (127,890)         29,499           (14,611)          (362)      (10,164)        4,362               4,770     34,269
                         Reverse repurchase agreements                  95,197    (14,542)      80,655                  -       (80,655)             -            -                    -    80,655


                                                                                                                                                                                                            in 2024
                         Loans and advances                              5,748      (5,705)          43                 -              -             -           43            708,428     708,471
                         Total assets                                 258,334 (148,137)        110,197           (14,611)       (81,017)      (10,164)        4,405            713,198     823,395
                         Derivative liabilities(1)                    (154,459) 127,891        (26,568)           14,611            210         9,171        (2,576)             (9,065) (35,633)
                         Repurchase agreements                         (88,674)    14,542      (74,132)                 -        74,132              -            -                    -   (74,132)
                         Deposits and other borrowings                  (9,122)      5,705       (3,417)                -              -             -       (3,417)          (681,034) (684,451)




                                                                                                                                                                                                           Creating value




For personal use only
                         Total liabilities                            (252,255) 148,138       (104,117)           14,611         74,342         9,171        (5,993)          (690,099) (794,216)


                         Company
                         Derivative assets(1)                         143,179 (114,623)         28,556           (12,808)            (83)      (8,822)        6,843               5,228     33,784
                         Reverse repurchase agreements                  91,333    (14,166)      77,167                  -       (77,167)             -            -                    -    77,167
                         Loans and advances                              4,203      (4,191)          12                 -              -             -           12            612,226     612,238
                         Total assets                                 238,715 (132,980)        105,735           (12,808)       (77,250)       (8,822)        6,855            617,454     723,189

                                                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate
                         Derivative liabilities(1)                    (141,028) 114,624        (26,404)           12,808            210         8,701        (4,685)             (9,706) (36,110)
                         Repurchase agreements                         (81,339)    14,166      (67,173)                 -        67,173              -            -                    -   (67,173)
                         Deposits and other borrowings                  (6,163)      4,191       (1,972)                -              -             -       (1,972)          (606,669) (608,641)
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Governance
                         Total liabilities                            (228,530) 132,981        (95,549)           12,808         67,383         8,701        (6,657)          (616,375) (711,924)        Statement
                         (1) As at 30 September 2023, the amount offset for derivative assets includes $9,495 million (Company: $8,377 million) of cash collateral netting and the amount offset for
                             derivative liabilities includes $4,828 million (Company: $4,758 million) of cash collateral netting.


                        Derivative assets and derivative liabilities

                                                                                                                                                                                                            Risk
                        Derivative assets and derivative liabilities are only offset on the balance sheet where the Group has a legally enforceable right
                        to offset in all circumstances and there is an intention to settle the asset and liability on a net basis, or to realise the asset and


                                                                                                                                                                                                         management
                        settle the liability simultaneously. The Group has applied offsetting to certain centrally cleared derivatives and their associated
                        collateral amounts which satisfy the AASB 132 Financial Instruments: Presentation requirements. For centrally cleared derivatives
                        subject to settled-to-market arrangements, the unrealised fair values are settled daily through cash receipts and payments.

                        Reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements
                        Reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements will typically be subject to Global Master Repurchase Agreements or similar


                                                                                                                                                                                                           Report of
                        agreements whereby all outstanding transactions with the same counterparty can only be offset and closed out upon a default
                        or insolvency event. In some instances, the agreement provides the Group with a legally enforceable right to offset in all
                        circumstances. In such a case and where there is an intention to settle the asset and liability on a net basis, or to realise the

                                                                                                                                                                                                         the Directors
                        asset and settle the liability simultaneously, the amounts with that counterparty are offset on the balance sheet.
                        Where the Group has a right to offset on default or insolvency only, the related non-cash collateral amounts comprise highly
                        liquid securities, either obtained or pledged, which can be realised in the event of a default or insolvency by one of the
                        counterparties. The value of such securities obtained or pledged must at least equate to the value of the exposure to the
                        counterparty, therefore the net exposure is considered to be nil.




                                                                                                                                                                                                           Financial report
                        Loans and advances, deposits and other borrowings
                        The amounts offset for loans and advances and deposits and other borrowings represent amounts subject to set-off
                        agreements that satisfy the AASB 132 requirements. The 'Net amounts reported on balance sheet' are included within ‘Overdrafts’
                        in Note 12 Loans and Advances and ‘On-demand and short-term deposits’ and ‘Deposits not bearing interest’ in Note 13 Deposits
                        and other borrowings. The 'Amounts not subject to enforceable netting arrangements' represent all other loans and advances
                        and deposits and other borrowings of the Group, including those measured at fair value.




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                         information




                                                                                                                                                                          2024 Annual Report      215
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

                        Credit risk exposure by risk grade
                        The following tables show the credit quality of credit risk exposures to which the expected credit loss model is applied, for both
                        recognised and unrecognised financial assets, based on the following risk grades:
                        •    Senior investment grade: broadly corresponds with Standard & Poor’s ratings of AAA to A- (internal rating 1 to 5).
                        •    Investment grade: broadly corresponds with Standard & Poor’s ratings of BBB+ to BBB- (internal rating 6 to 11).
                        •    Sub-investment grade: broadly corresponds with Standard & Poor’s ratings of BB+ (internal rating 12 to 23).
                        •    Default: broadly corresponds with Standard & Poor’s rating of D (internal rating 98 and 99).
                        Notional stage allocations (Stage 1 and Stage 2) for credit risk exposures incorporate the impact of forward looking economic
                        information applied in the expected credit loss model. Refer to the Accounting Policy section of Note 17 Provision for credit
                        impairment on loans at amortised cost for further details.

                                                                   Stage 1                  Stage 2                  Stage 3                      Total
                                                                 Performing               Performing             Non-performing
                                                                2024          2023       2024          2023        2024        2023         2024            2023
                            Group                                 $m           $m          $m           $m          $m          $m             $m            $m
                            Gross loans and advances




For personal use only
                            Senior investment grade          136,091      124,634          434         2,356          -            -    136,525           126,990
                            Investment grade                 288,298      277,097       18,541        27,385          -            -    306,839           304,482
                            Sub-investment grade             146,773      126,373      137,653     141,747            -            -    284,426           268,120
                            Default                                 -             -          -             -      9,840        7,636        9,840           7,636
                            Total gross loans
                            and advances                     571,162      528,104      156,628     171,488        9,840        7,636    737,630           707,228
                            Contingent liabilities and
                            credit commitments
                            Senior investment grade           90,818         88,046      1,033         3,442          -            -       91,851          91,488
                            Investment grade                  82,754         75,102      7,503        12,832          -            -       90,257          87,934
                            Sub-investment grade              27,764         25,753     26,459        29,643          -            -       54,223          55,396
                            Default                                 -             -          -             -        390         356            390           356
                            Total contingent liabilities
                            and credit commitments           201,336      188,901       34,995        45,917        390         356     236,721           235,174
                            Total gross loans
                            and advances,
                            contingent liabilities and
                            credit commitments               772,498      717,005      191,623     217,405       10,230        7,992    974,351           942,402


                            Debt instruments
                            Senior investment grade           41,999         46,357          -             -          -            -       41,999          46,357
                            Investment grade                        -             -          -             -          -            -              -             -
                            Sub-investment grade                    -             -          -             -          -            -              -             -
                            Default                                 -             -          -             -          -            -              -             -
                            Total debt instruments            41,999         46,357          -             -          -            -       41,999          46,357




                        216    National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

                                                                 Stage 1                  Stage 2                  Stage 3                    Total
                                                               Performing               Performing             Non-performing

                                                                                                                                                                      About
                                                              2024          2023       2024          2023        2024        2023         2024          2023
                         Company                                $m           $m          $m           $m          $m          $m            $m           $m
                         Gross loans and advances
                                                                                                                                                                   this report
                         Senior investment grade            97,682         88,177       379          1,257          -            -      98,061         89,434
                         Investment grade                  270,869      255,873       13,163        22,003          -            -     284,032        277,876
                         Sub-investment grade              130,007      114,773     117,736      122,956            -            -     247,743        237,729
                         Default                                  -             -          -             -      8,793        6,517       8,793          6,517

                                                                                                                                                                   Our business
                         Total gross loans
                         and advances                      498,558      458,823     131,278      146,216        8,793        6,517     638,629        611,556


                                                                                                                                                                      in 2024
                         Contingent liabilities and
                         credit commitments
                         Senior investment grade            84,903         82,623       978          2,484          -            -      85,881         85,107
                         Investment grade                   76,081         68,954      5,295        10,087          -            -      81,376         79,041
                         Sub-investment grade               25,151         22,744     22,364        25,665          -            -      47,515         48,409




                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value
                         Default                                  -             -          -             -        385         348          385           348




For personal use only
                         Total contingent liabilities
                         and credit commitments            186,135      174,321       28,637        38,236        385         348      215,157        212,905
                         Total gross loans
                         and advances,
                         contingent liabilities and
                         credit commitments                684,693      633,144     159,915      184,452        9,178        6,865     853,786        824,461


                         Debt instruments

                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate
                         Senior investment grade            41,983         46,336          -             -          -            -      41,983         46,336
                         Investment grade                         -             -          -             -          -            -            -             -
                         Sub-investment grade                     -             -          -             -          -            -            -             -     Governance
                         Default                                  -             -          -             -          -            -            -             -      Statement
                         Total debt instruments             41,983         46,336          -             -          -            -      41,983         46,336


                        Concentration of exposure
                        Concentration of credit risk exists when a number of counterparties are engaged in similar activities, or operate in the same

                                                                                                                                                                      Risk
                        geographical areas or industry sectors and have similar economic characteristics so that their ability to meet contractual
                        obligations is similarly affected by changes in economic, political or other conditions.

                                                                                                                                                                   management
                        The diversification and size of the Group is such that its lending is widely spread both geographically and in terms of the types of
                        industries it serves.




                                                                                                                                                                     Report of

                                                                                                                                                                   the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                    Additional

                                                                                                                                                                   information




                                                                                                                                       2024 Annual Report   217
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

                        Industry concentration of financial assets

                                                                                                                                            Contingent
                                                                           Net loans                        Other
                                                                                                                                          liabilities and
                                                                         and advances(1)              financial assets(2)
                                                                                                                                       credit commitments            Total
                                                                          2024           2023            2024          2023               2024       2023        2024          2023
                                                                            $m             $m              $m            $m                $m          $m          $m           $m
                         Group
                         Accommodation and hospitality                  10,795          9,337                -              -            2,181       2,101     12,976         11,438
                         Agriculture, forestry, fishing
                         and mining                                     58,807         55,912                -              -           13,234      14,112     72,041         70,024
                         Business services and
                         property services                              19,682         19,266                -              -            9,714       8,754     29,396         28,020
                         Commercial property                            73,828         70,739                -              -           14,462      12,660     88,290         83,399
                         Construction                                    9,315          8,500                -              -            7,753       7,109     17,068         15,609
                         Financial and insurance                        45,407         38,456        126,377        137,048             46,373      49,722    218,157        225,226
                         Government and
                         public authorities                              1,116          1,820         32,899          31,005             2,870       2,884     36,885         35,709




For personal use only
                         Manufacturing                                  13,733         13,383                -              -            8,052       8,313     21,785         21,696
                         Personal                                       11,374         12,161                -              -           21,185      18,594     32,559         30,755
                         Residential mortgages                         415,303        404,870           2,767          6,489            65,437      68,943    483,507        480,302
                         Retail and wholesale trade                     22,410         20,679                -              -           12,938      12,699     35,348         33,378
                         Transport and storage                          14,747         15,662                -              -            9,843       9,246     24,590         24,908
                         Utilities                                      12,097         10,818                -           157            10,005       7,187     22,102         18,162
                         Other                                          23,671         21,283               27           250            12,674      12,850     36,372         34,383
                         Total                                         732,285        702,886        162,070        174,949            236,721     235,174   1,131,076   1,113,009


                         Company
                         Accommodation and hospitality                   9,461          8,103                -              -            2,017       1,955     11,478         10,058
                         Agriculture, forestry, fishing
                         & mining                                       44,343         41,642                -              -           11,311      11,963     55,654         53,605
                         Business services and
                         property services                              18,104         17,640                -              -            8,910       7,851     27,014         25,491
                         Commercial property                            66,658         63,613                -              -           13,406      11,196     80,064         74,809
                         Construction                                    7,871          7,072                -              -            6,702       6,118     14,573         13,190
                         Financial & insurance                          42,847         36,369        120,447        125,643             44,888      47,114    208,182        209,126
                         Government & public authorities                 1,113          1,753         32,740          30,987             2,191       2,224     36,044         34,964
                         Manufacturing                                  10,616         10,189                -              -            5,816       6,374     16,432         16,563
                         Personal                                       10,598         11,194                -              -           19,162      16,460     29,760         27,654
                         Residential mortgages                         359,901        350,823           2,759          6,467            61,156      65,403    423,816        422,693
                         Retail and wholesale trade                     18,059         16,638                -              -           10,975      10,695     29,034         27,333
                         Transport and storage                          12,907         13,914                -              -            8,371       7,738     21,278         21,652
                         Utilities                                      10,638          9,775                -           157             8,965       6,612     19,603         16,544
                         Other                                          21,124         18,820               27           251            11,287      11,202     32,438         30,273
                         Total                                         634,240        607,545        155,973        163,505            215,157     212,905   1,005,370       983,955
                         (1) Net loans and advances includes loans at fair value.
                         (2) Other financial assets represents amounts due from other banks, debt instruments and collateral placed.




                        218   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

                        Geographic concentration of financial assets

                                                                                Australia                          New Zealand                   Other International
                                                                              2024              2023              2024            2023              2024            2023             About

                                                                                                                                                                                  this report
                                                                                $m               $m                 $m              $m                $m               $m
                         Group
                         Cash and liquid assets                              1,240              4,345                 -              36              110           19,288
                         Due from other banks                               84,039             92,378             5,216          10,140           21,183           14,788
                         Collateral placed                                   8,518              8,709               679           1,030              436            1,547


                                                                                                                                                                                  Our business
                         Trading assets                                     70,065             65,086             8,808           7,782           54,733           28,300
                         Derivative assets                                  21,806             24,329             2,151           2,720            4,809            7,220


                                                                                                                                                                                     in 2024
                         Debt instruments                                   34,037             35,377                 9               -            7,953           10,980
                         Other financial assets                                769               869                  -             561                 -                -
                         Loans and advances                                613,248          588,961              97,473          94,206           21,971           19,535
                         Other assets                                        5,541              6,110             1,664             764            1,135            1,321
                         Total                                             839,263          826,164            116,000          117,239          112,330          102,979




                                                                                                                                                                                    Creating value




For personal use only
                         Company
                         Cash and liquid assets                              1,228              4,259                 -               -               33           18,763
                         Due from other banks                               84,039             92,371                 -               -           21,022           14,584
                         Collateral placed                                   8,506              8,701                 -               -              423            1,513
                         Trading assets                                     70,063             65,086                 -               -           50,454           25,331
                         Derivative assets                                  23,498             26,247                 -               -            4,960            7,537

                                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate
                         Debt instruments                                   34,038             35,378                 -               -            7,945           10,958
                         Other financial assets                                769               869                  -               -                 -              839
                         Loans and advances                                612,805          588,288                   -               -           21,541           19,396        Governance
                         Other assets                                        5,850              6,255                 -               -              863            1,300         Statement
                         Total                                             840,796          827,454                   -               -          107,241          100,221


                        Market risk


                                                                                                                                                                                     Risk
                        Market risk overview and management
                        Market risk primarily stems from the Group’s trading and balance sheet management activities, the impact of changes and


                                                                                                                                                                                  management
                        correlation between interest rates, foreign exchange rates, credit spreads and volatility in bond, commodity or equity prices.
                        Market risk is represented by the below two categories:

                         Traded Market Risk                                                        Non-Traded Market Risk
                         Traded Market Risk is the potential for gains or losses to arise          The Group has exposure to non-traded market risk, primarily
                         from trading activities undertaken by the Group as a result of            Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book (IRRBB). IRRBB is the risk


                                                                                                                                                                                    Report of
                         movements in market prices. The trading activities of the Group           that the Group’s earnings or economic value will be affected or
                         are principally carried out by Corporate and Institutional Banking.       reduced by changes in interest rates. The sources of IRRBB are
                         Trading activities represent dealings that encompass both                 as follows:


                                                                                                                                                                                  the Directors
                         active management of market risk and supporting client sales              •    Repricing risk, arising from changes to the overall level of
                         businesses. The types of market risk arising from these activities             interest rates and inherent mismatches in the repricing term
                         include interest rate, foreign exchange, commodity, equity price,              of banking book items.
                         credit spread and volatility risk.                                        •    Yield curve risk, arising from a change in the relative level of
                                                                                                        interest rates for different tenors and changes in the slope or
                                                                                                        shape of the yield curve.




                                                                                                                                                                                    Financial report
                                                                                                   •    Basis risk, arising from differences between the actual and
                                                                                                        expected interest margins on banking book items over the
                                                                                                        implied cost of funds of those items.
                                                                                                   •    Optionality risk, arising from the existence of stand-alone or
                                                                                                        embedded options in banking book items, to the extent that
                                                                                                        the potential for those losses is not included in the above risks.


                        Measurement of market risk
                        The Group primarily manages and controls market risk using Value at Risk (VaR), which is a standard measure used throughout the
                        industry. VaR gauges the Group’s possible loss for the holding period based on historical market movements. VaR is measured

                                                                                                                                                                                   Additional
                        at a 99% confidence interval. This means that there is a 99% chance that the loss will not exceed the VaR estimate during the
                        holding period.

                                                                                                                                                                                  information
                        The Group employs other risk measures to supplement VaR, with appropriate limits to manage and control risks, and
                        communicate the specific nature of market exposures to management, the Board Risk & Compliance Committee and ultimately
                        the Board. These supplementary measures include stress testing, stop loss, position and sensitivity limits.


                                                                                                                                                    2024 Annual Report     219
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

                        Traded market risk
                        The VaR methodology involves multiple revaluations of the trading books using 550 days of historical pricing shifts. The pricing data is rolled daily.
                        The use of VaR methodology has limitations, which include:
                        •    The historical data used to calculate VaR is not always an appropriate proxy for current market conditions. If market volatility or correlation conditions change significantly, losses may
                             occur more frequently and to a greater magnitude than the VaR measure suggests.
                        •    VaR methodology assumes that positions are held for one day and may underestimate losses on positions that cannot be hedged or reversed inside that timeframe.




For personal use only
                        •    VaR is calculated on positions at the close of each trading day and does not measure risk on intra-day positions.
                        •    VaR does not describe the directional bias or size of the positions generating the risk.
                        The table below shows the Group and Company VaR for the trading portfolio, including both physical and derivative positions:

                                                                                                      Group                                                                        Company
                                                                      As at                                                    Maximum               As at                                                   Maximum
                                                                  30 September        Average value       Minimum value         value            30 September       Average value         Minimum value       value
                                                                  2024      2023      2024      2023          2024   2023     2024     2023      2024     2023       2024        2023     2024     2023     2024     2023
                                                                    $m       $m         $m       $m            $m       $m     $m       $m        $m        $m        $m          $m         $m     $m       $m        $m
                            Value at Risk at a 99%
                            confidence level
                               Foreign exchange risk                3.5       3.3       3.0      2.7           1.0      1.0    7.3       5.7       3.4      3.7        2.7        2.2        0.9    0.8      7.1       5.0
                               Interest rate risk                   6.9       6.7       7.3      8.4           4.7      5.3   14.7     17.8        8.1      6.1        6.8        7.5        4.7    5.1     11.5      17.4
                               Volatility risk                      1.0       1.8       1.1      1.8           0.7      0.9    1.9       2.7       1.0      1.8        1.1        1.8        0.7    0.9      1.9       2.8
                               Commodities risk                     0.6       1.0       1.1      1.4           0.5      0.9    2.5       2.9       0.6      1.0        1.1        1.4        0.5    0.9      2.5       2.9
                               Credit risk                          2.5       2.0       1.7      1.8           0.9      0.9    2.7       3.2       1.8      1.8        1.6        1.5        0.8    0.7      2.5       2.9
                               Inflation risk                       1.7       2.3       1.7      2.4           1.4      1.6    2.3       3.4       1.7      2.3        1.7        2.4        1.4    1.6      2.3       3.4
                               Diversification benefit             (7.8)     (7.1)     (6.5)     (7.8)         n/a    n/a      n/a      n/a       (6.7)     (6.7)     (6.3)       (7.2)      n/a    n/a      n/a      n/a
                            Total Diversified VaR at 99%
                            confidence interval                     8.4      10.0       9.4     10.7           6.7      7.2   16.8     20.3        9.9     10.0        8.7        9.6        6.4    6.8     13.7      17.5
                               Other market risks                   1.9       2.3       2.3      1.9           1.5      0.6    3.1       3.2       1.9      2.3        2.3        1.9        1.5    0.6      3.1       3.2
                            Total                                  10.3      12.3      11.7     12.6           8.2      7.8   19.9     23.5      11.8      12.3      11.0        11.5        7.9    7.4     16.8      20.7




                        220    National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

                        Non-traded market risk - Balance sheet risk management
                        The principal objective of balance sheet risk management is to maintain acceptable levels of interest rate and liquidity risk to mitigate the negative impact of movements in interest rates on
                        the earnings and market value of the Group’s banking book, while ensuring the Group maintains sufficient liquidity to meet its obligations as they fall due.

                        Non-traded market risk – Interest rate risk management
                        IRRBB is measured, monitored, and managed from both an internal management and regulatory perspective. The Risk Management Framework incorporates both market valuation and
                        earnings based approaches in accordance with the IRRBB Policy and Prudential Practice Guides. Risk measurement techniques include VaR, Earnings at Risk (EaR), interest rate risk stress




For personal use only
                        testing, repricing analysis, cash flow analysis and scenario analysis. The IRRBB regulatory capital calculation incorporates repricing, yield curve, basis, and optionality risk, embedded gains /
                        losses and any inter-risk and / or inter-currency diversification. The Group has been accredited by APRA to use its internal model for the measurement of IRRBB.
                        Key features of the internal interest rate risk management model include:
                        •    Historical simulation approach utilising instantaneous interest rate shocks.
                        •    Static balance sheet (i.e. any new business is assumed to be matched, hedged or subject to immediate repricing).
                        •    VaR and EaR are measured on a consistent basis.
                        •    99% confidence level.
                        •    Three month holding period.
                        •    EaR utilises a 12 month forecast period.
                        •    At least six years of business day historical data (updated daily).
                        •    Investment term for capital is modelled with an established benchmark term of between one and five years.
                        •    Investment term for core non-interest bearing assets and liabilities is modelled on a behavioural basis with a term that is consistent with sound statistical analysis.
                        The following table shows the Group and the Company aggregate VaR and EaR for the IRRBB:

                                                                                                          Group                                                                                              Company
                                                                 As at                                                                                                      As at
                                                             30 September               Average value             Minimum value              Maximum value              30 September             Average value       Minimum value        Maximum value
                                                             2024         2023          2024        2023           2024        2023           2024        2023           2024        2023        2024     2023       2024     2023         2024       2023
                                                               $m           $m            $m           $m            $m          $m             $m          $m             $m             $m       $m       $m          $m     $m            $m        $m
                            Value at Risk
                            Australia                        461.7       379.1          433.9       375.1          373.6       315.0         461.7        407.9         461.7        379.1       433.9    375.1      373.6    315.0        461.7      407.9
                            New Zealand                       50.6         33.6          46.6         31.6          35.0         24.1          55.7         36.7              -             -        -           -        -       -            -           -
                            Other International               17.5         34.6          25.5         44.0          16.5         27.0          38.5         62.8          17.4            34.6    25.4     44.0        16.5    27.0         38.4       62.8
                            Earnings at Risk(1)
                            Australia                         73.2         59.1          71.9         55.3          55.8         38.2          96.8         73.3          73.2            59.1    71.9     55.3        55.8    38.2         96.8       73.3
                            New Zealand                       12.0          9.6          10.6         15.0           6.4          7.8          18.1         22.7              -             -        -           -        -      -             -           -
                            Other International                0.2            -           0.2            -              -           -           0.3          0.1              -             -        -           -        -      -             -           -
                            (1) EaR amounts calculated under the IRRBB model include Australian banking and other overseas banking subsidiary books, however exclude offshore branches.


                        Residual value risk
                        As part of its normal lending activities, the Group takes residual value risk on assets such as industrial, mining, rail, aircraft, marine, technology, healthcare and other equipment. This exposes
                        the Group to a potential fall in prices of these assets below the outstanding residual exposure at the facility expiry.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report   221
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

                        Liquidity risk and funding mix

                        Liquidity risk
                        Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is unable to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. These obligations include the
                        repayment of deposits on demand or at their contractual maturity, the repayment of wholesale borrowings and loan capital as
                        they mature and the payment of interest on borrowings.
                        These risks are governed by the Group’s funding and liquidity risk appetite which is set by the Board. Group Treasury is
                        responsible for the management of these risks. Objective review and challenge of the effectiveness of risk management is
                        provided by Group Balance Sheet and Liquidity Risk Management with oversight by the Group Asset and Liability Committee. The
                        Board has the ultimate responsibility to monitor and review the adequacy of the Group’s funding and liquidity RMF and the Group’s
                        compliance with risk appetite.
                        Key principles adopted in the Group’s approach to managing liquidity risk include:
                        •    Monitoring the Group’s liquidity position on a daily basis, using a combination of contractual and behavioural modelling of
                             balance sheet and cash flow information.
                        •    Maintaining a HQLA portfolio which supports intra-day operations and may be sold in times of market stress.
                        •    Operating a prudent funding strategy which ensures appropriate diversification and limits maturity concentrations. The Group
                             undertakes a conservative approach by imposing internal limits that are in addition to regulatory requirements.
                        •    Maintaining a contingent funding plan designed to respond to an accelerated outflow of funds from the Group.




For personal use only
                        •    Requiring the Group to have the ability to meet a range of survival horizon scenarios, including name-specific and general
                             liquidity stress scenarios.
                        The Group maintained funding and liquidity metrics well above regulatory minimums throughout the 2024 financial year.
                        The liquid asset portfolio held as part of these principles is well diversified by currency, counterparty and product type with the
                        mix consistent with the liquidity risks of the Group. The composition of the portfolio includes cash, government securities and
                        highly rated investment grade paper. The market value of total on-balance sheet liquid assets held as at 30 September 2024
                        was $224,612 million (2023: $222,463 million). In addition, the Group holds internal RMBS as a source of contingent liquidity. As at
                        30 September 2024, the cash value of unencumbered internal RMBS held and available was $99,404 million (2023: $80,089 million).

                        Funding mix
                        The Group’s funding is comprised of a mix of deposits, term wholesale funding, short-term wholesale funding and equity. The
                        Group manages this within risk appetite settings to ensure suitable funding of its asset base and to enable it to respond to
                        changing market conditions and regulatory requirements.
                        The Group maintains a strong focus on stable deposits both from a growth and quality perspective and continues to utilise
                        deposits as a key funding source for funded assets.
                        The Group supplements deposit-raising via its term funding programmes, raising $37,493 million(1) of term wholesale funding in the
                        2024 financial year (2023: $40,254 million(1)(2)). The weighted average maturity of term wholesale funding issued by the Group was
                        5.0(3)years to first call (2023: 4.3(3) years). In addition, during the 2024 financial year, the Group continued to access international
                        and domestic short-term wholesale markets.
                        On 19 March 2020, the RBA announced the establishment of the TFF for the Australian banking system to support ADIs in providing
                        credit into the economy. The TFF provided access to three-year secured funding, supporting lending to the Group's customers
                        and reducing wholesale funding refinancing risks at the time. As at 30 September 2024, the full TFF allocation has been repaid.

                        Contractual maturity of assets and liabilities
                        The following tables show an analysis of contractual maturities of assets and liabilities at the reporting date. The Group expects
                        that certain assets and liabilities will be recovered or settled at maturities which are different to their contractual maturities,
                        including deposits where the Group expects as part of normal banking operations that a large proportion of these balances will
                        roll over.




                            (1) Excludes AT1 Capital.
                            (2) Includes FLP.
                            (3) Excludes AT1 capital, Residential Mortgage Backed Securities (RMBS) and FLP.


                        222     National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 19 Financial risk management (cont.)

                                                                                   Greater than
                                                       Less than 12 months          12 months           No specific maturity              Total
                                                          2024        2023         2024      2023          2024         2023           2024         2023
                                                            $m          $m           $m           $m         $m           $m             $m          $m           About

                                                                                                                                                               this report
                         Group
                         Assets
                         Cash and liquid assets           2,499      24,699            -            -          -               -      2,499        24,699
                         Due from other banks           110,248     116,984         190           322          -               -    110,438       117,306
                         Collateral placed                9,633      11,286            -            -          -               -      9,633        11,286


                                                                                                                                                               Our business
                         Trading assets                  96,961      66,717       36,645    34,434             -           17       133,606       101,168
                         Derivative assets                  62          236        1,945     3,263        26,759       30,770        28,766        34,269


                                                                                                                                                                  in 2024
                         Debt instruments                 5,226       6,505       36,773    39,852             -               -     41,999        46,357
                         Other financial assets            293          858         476           572          -               -        769         1,430
                         Loans and advances             150,969     130,430      572,268   562,744         9,455        9,528       732,692       702,702
                         All other assets                 7,624       7,429            -           97     12,222       12,340        19,846        19,866
                         Total assets                   383,515     365,144      648,297   641,284        48,436       52,655      1,080,248   1,059,083




                                                                                                                                                                 Creating value




For personal use only
                         Liabilities
                         Due to other banks              10,788      37,200        1,540     2,316             -               -     12,328        39,516
                         Collateral received              5,151      10,672            -            -          -               -      5,151        10,672
                         Other financial liabilities     60,261      52,386       10,011    13,966             -               -     70,272        66,352
                         Deposits and
                         other borrowings               650,126     631,645       62,440    50,475             -               -    712,566       682,120
                         Derivative liabilities           1,470         985        4,080     3,526        27,026       31,122        32,576        35,633
                         Bonds, notes and
                                                                                                                                                               Corporate
                         subordinated debt               28,847      20,848      127,447   114,797             -               -    156,294       135,645
                         Debt issues                          -              -         -            -      9,560        8,561         9,560         8,561
                         All other liabilities           12,611      12,726        4,064     4,456         2,613        1,899        19,288        19,081     Governance
                         Total liabilities              769,254     766,462      209,582   189,536        39,199       41,582      1,018,035      997,580      Statement
                         Net (liabilities) / assets    (385,739)   (401,318)     438,715   451,748         9,237       11,073        62,213        61,503


                         Company


                                                                                                                                                                  Risk
                         Assets
                         Cash and liquid assets           2,318      23,959            -            -          -               -      2,318        23,959


                                                                                                                                                               management
                         Due from other banks           104,873     106,634         188           321          -               -    105,061       106,955
                         Collateral placed                8,929      10,214            -            -          -               -      8,929        10,214
                         Trading assets                  90,222      61,684       30,295    28,716             -           17       120,517        90,417
                         Derivative assets                 147          571        1,150     2,134        27,161       31,079        28,458        33,784
                         Debt instruments                 5,219       6,499       36,764    39,837             -               -     41,983        46,336


                                                                                                                                                                 Report of
                         Other financial assets            293        1,147         476           561          -               -        769         1,708
                         Loans and advances             124,015     108,016      501,606   491,059         8,725        8,609       634,346       607,684


                                                                                                                                                               the Directors
                         All other assets                 5,710       6,472         506           609     70,491       61,643        76,707        68,724
                         Total assets                   341,726     325,196      570,985   563,237       106,377      101,348      1,019,088      989,781
                         Liabilities
                         Due to other banks               7,713      33,965         196             -          -               -      7,909        33,965
                         Collateral received              4,180       9,281            -            -          -               -      4,180         9,281




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial report
                         Other financial liabilities     56,396      42,512        6,440     9,233             -               -     62,836        51,745
                         Deposits and
                         other borrowings               576,550     560,238       60,015    48,403             -               -    636,565       608,641
                         Derivative liabilities            935          957        2,400     1,566        29,678       33,587        33,013        36,110
                         Bonds, notes and
                         subordinated debt               27,515      20,587      113,041   103,742             -               -    140,556       124,329
                         Debt issues                          -              -         -            -      9,560        8,561         9,560         8,561
                         All other liabilities           11,023      11,567        2,617     3,324        53,504       45,735        67,144        60,626


                                                                                                                                                                Additional
                         Total liabilities              684,312     679,107      184,709   166,268        92,742       87,883       961,763       933,258
                         Net (liabilities) / assets    (342,586)   (353,911)     386,276   396,969        13,635       13,465        57,325        56,523


                                                                                                                                                               information




                                                                                                                                   2024 Annual Report   223
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 20
                        Fair value of financial instruments

                          Accounting policy
                          Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
                          market participants at the measurement date. Where the classification of a financial asset or liability results in it being
                          measured at fair value, wherever possible, the fair value is determined with reference to the quoted bid or offer price in
                          the most advantageous active market to which the Group has immediate access. An adjustment for credit risk (CVA) is also
                          incorporated into the fair value as appropriate as well as an adjustment for funding costs (FVA) related to uncollateralised
                          over-the-counter derivatives. The fair value measurement technique of each class of instrument is described below.

                              Instrument                Fair value measurement technique
                              Loans and advances        The fair value of loans and advances that are priced based on a variable rate with no
                                                        contractual repricing tenor is assumed to equate to the carrying value. The fair value of
                                                        all other loans and advances is calculated using discounted cash flow models based on the
                                                        maturity of the loans and advances. The discount rates applied are based on interest rates
                                                        at the reporting date for similar types of loans and advances, if the loans and advances were
                                                        performing at the reporting date.
                              Deposits and              The fair value of deposits and other borrowings that are non-interest bearing or at call,
                              other borrowings          is assumed to equate to the carrying value. The fair value of other deposits and other
                                                        borrowings is calculated using discounted cash flow models based on the deposit type
                                                        and maturity.




For personal use only
                              Bonds, notes and          The fair values of bonds, notes and subordinated debt and debt issues are calculated based
                              subordinated debt         on a discounted cash flow model using a yield curve appropriate to the remaining maturity of
                              and debt issues           the instruments and appropriate credit spreads, or in some instances are calculated based
                                                        on market quoted prices when there is sufficient liquidity in the market.
                              Derivatives               The fair values of trading and hedging derivative assets and liabilities are obtained from
                                                        quoted closing market prices at the reporting date, discounted cash flow models or option
                                                        pricing models as appropriate.
                              Trading assets and        The fair values of trading assets and debt instruments are based on quoted closing market
                              debt instruments          prices at the reporting date. Where securities are unlisted and quoted market prices are
                                                        not available, the Group obtains the fair value by means of discounted cash flows and other
                                                        valuation techniques that are commonly used by market participants. These techniques
                                                        address factors such as interest rates, credit risk and liquidity.
                              Equity instruments        The fair value of equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income is
                                                        estimated on the basis of the actual and forecasted financial position and results of the
                                                        underlying assets or net assets taking into consideration their risk profile.
                              Other financial           The fair values of other financial assets and liabilities are based on quoted closing market
                              assets and liabilities    prices and data or valuation techniques, appropriate to the nature and type of the
                                                        underlying instrument.
                              Due to controlled         Includes reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements that are classified as
                              entities and              held for trading and measured at fair value through profit and loss. The fair values are based
                              due from                  on a discounted cash flow model using an appropriate yield curve.
                              controlled entities

                          The carrying amounts of cash and liquid assets, due from and to other banks, other assets, other liabilities and amounts
                          due from and to controlled entities, approximate their fair value as they are short-term in nature or are receivable or
                          payable on demand.
                          Guarantees, letters of credit, performance related contingencies and credit related commitments are generally not sold
                          or traded and estimated fair values are not readily ascertainable. The fair value of these items are not calculated, as very
                          few of the commitments extending beyond six months would commit the Group to a predetermined rate of interest, and
                          the fees attaching to these commitments are the same as those currently charged for similar arrangements.
                          Fair value for a net open position is the offer price for a financial liability and the bid price for a financial asset, multiplied by
                          the number of units of the instrument issued or held.
                          Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are deemed to have occurred at the beginning of the reporting period
                          in which the transfer occurs.

                          Critical accounting judgements and estimates
                          A significant portion of financial instruments are carried on the balance sheet at fair value.
                          Where no active market exists for a particular asset or liability, the Group uses a valuation technique to arrive at the fair
                          value, including the use of transaction prices obtained in recent arm’s length transactions, discounted cash flow analysis,
                          option pricing models and other valuation techniques, based on market conditions and risks existing at the reporting date.
                          In doing so, fair value is estimated using a valuation technique that makes maximum use of observable market inputs and
                          places minimal reliance upon entity-specific inputs.
                          The best evidence of the fair value of a financial instrument at initial recognition is the transaction price (i.e. the fair value
                          of the consideration given or received) unless the fair value of that instrument is evidenced by comparison with other
                          observable current market transactions in the same instrument (i.e. without modification or repackaging) or based on a
                          valuation technique whose variables include only data from observable markets. When such evidence exists, the Group
                          recognises the difference between the transaction price and the fair value in profit or loss on initial recognition (i.e. on
                          day one).



                        224   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 20 Fair value of financial instruments (cont.)

                        Fair value hierarchy
                        The level in the fair value hierarchy within which a fair value measurement is categorised is determined on the basis of the lowest

                                                                                                                                                                             About
                        level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The fair value hierarchy is as follows:
                        •    Level 1 – Financial instruments that have been valued by reference to unadjusted quoted prices for identical financial assets

                                                                                                                                                                          this report
                             or financial liabilities in active markets. Financial instruments included in this category are Commonwealth of Australia and New
                             Zealand government bonds, and spot and exchange traded derivatives.
                        •    Level 2 – Financial instruments that have been valued through valuation techniques incorporating inputs other than quoted
                             prices within Level 1 that are observable for the financial asset or financial liability, either directly (as prices) or indirectly
                             (derived from prices). Financial instruments included in this category are over-the-counter trading and hedging derivatives,
                             semi-government bonds, financial institution and corporate bonds, mortgage-backed securities, loans measured at fair

                                                                                                                                                                          Our business
                             value, and issued bonds, notes and subordinated debt measured at fair value.
                        •    Level 3 – Financial instruments that have been valued through valuation techniques incorporating inputs that are not based

                                                                                                                                                                             in 2024
                             on observable market data. Unobservable inputs are those not readily available in an active market due to market illiquidity or
                             complexity of the product. Financial instruments included in this category are bespoke trading derivatives, trading derivatives
                             where the credit valuation adjustment is considered unobservable and significant to the valuation, and certain asset-backed
                             securities valued using unobservable inputs, and equity instruments.
                        Transfers into and out of Level 3 take place when there are changes to the inputs in the valuation technique. Where inputs are no
                        longer observable the fair value measurement is transferred into Level 3. Conversely, a measurement is transferred out of Level 3




                                                                                                                                                                            Creating value




For personal use only
                        when inputs become observable.
                        The Group’s exposure to fair value measurements based in full or in part on unobservable inputs is restricted to a small number
                        of financial instruments, which comprise an insignificant component of the portfolios in which they belong. As such, a change in
                        the assumption used to value the instruments as at 30 September 2024 attributable to reasonably possible alternatives would
                        not have a material effect.

                        Fair value of financial instruments, carried at amortised cost
                        The financial assets and financial liabilities listed in the table below are carried at amortised cost. While this is the value at which
                        the Group expects the assets to be realised and the liabilities to be settled, the table below includes their fair values as at
                                                                                                                                                                          Corporate
                        30 September:
                                                                                                                                                                         Governance
                                                                                                                                                                          Statement
                                                                                         2024                                            2023
                                                                    Carrying    Level    Level    Level      Fair   Carrying    Level     Level     Level       Fair
                                                                       value        1       2        3     value       value        1        2         3      value
                                                                          $m       $m      $m       $m       $m           $m       $m       $m        $m        $m
                            Group


                                                                                                                                                                             Risk
                            Financial assets
                            Loans and advances                       732,692         -   5,970 726,039 732,009        702,702        -     5,530   693,672   699,202


                                                                                                                                                                          management
                            Total financial assets                   732,692         -   5,970 726,039 732,009        702,702        -     5,530   693,672   699,202
                            Financial liabilities
                            Deposits and other borrowings            712,566         - 715,221        - 715,221       682,120        -   683,857         -   683,857
                            Bonds, notes and subordinated debt       156,294         - 156,913      368 157,281       135,645        -   135,405        7    135,412
                            Debt issues                                9,560    8,914    1,059        -    9,973        8,561    7,802     1,040         -     8,842


                                                                                                                                                                            Report of
                            Total financial liabilities              878,420    8,914 873,193       368 882,475       826,326    7,802   820,302        7    828,111




                                                                                                                                                                          the Directors
                            Company
                            Financial assets
                            Loans and advances                       634,346         -   3,865 630,054 633,919        607,684        -     3,414   602,221   605,635
                            Total financial assets                   634,346         -   3,865 630,054 633,919        607,684        -     3,414   602,221   605,635
                            Financial liabilities




                                                                                                                                                                            Financial report
                            Deposits and other borrowings            636,565         - 639,142        - 639,142       608,641        -   610,438         -   610,438
                            Bonds, notes and subordinated debt       140,556         - 141,296        - 141,296       124,329        -   122,888         -   122,888
                            Debt issues                                9,560    8,914    1,059        -    9,973        8,561    7,802     1,040         -     8,842
                            Total financial liabilities              786,681    8,914 781,497         - 790,411       741,531    7,802   734,366         -   742,168




                                                                                                                                                                           Additional

                                                                                                                                                                          information




                                                                                                                                             2024 Annual Report    225
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 20 Fair value of financial instruments (cont.)

                        Fair value measurements recognised on the balance sheet

                                                                                                               2024                                                      2023
                                                                                          Level 1       Level 2       Level 3       Total        Level 1       Level 2          Level 3    Total
                                                                                               $m            $m            $m          $m             $m            $m             $m        $m
                         Group
                         Financial assets
                         Trading assets                                                    27,550      106,056               -   133,606          30,482        70,686                -   101,168
                         Debt instruments                                                   1,553        40,198           248      41,999           2,691       43,377             289     46,357
                         Other financial assets                                                   -         576           193         769               -        1,243             187      1,430
                         Derivative assets                                                        -      28,350           416      28,766               -       33,946             323     34,269
                         Equity instruments(1)                                                    -             -         290         290               -                -         257       257
                         Total financial assets measured at fair value                     29,103      175,180          1,147    205,430          33,173       149,252            1,056   183,481
                         Financial liabilities
                         Other financial liabilities                                        1,043        69,229              -     70,272           5,453       60,899                -    66,352
                         Derivative liabilities                                                   -      32,311           265      32,576               -       35,362             271     35,633




For personal use only
                         Total financial liabilities measured at fair value                 1,043      101,540            265    102,848            5,453       96,261             271    101,985


                         Company
                         Financial assets
                         Trading assets                                                    23,744        96,773              -   120,517          27,935        62,482                -    90,417
                         Debt instruments                                                   1,545        40,190           248      41,983           2,691       43,356             289     46,336
                         Other financial assets                                                   -         576           193         769               -        1,521             187      1,708
                         Derivative assets                                                        -      28,042           416      28,458               -       33,461             323     33,784
                         Equity instruments(1)                                                    -             -         139         139               -                -         122       122
                         Due from controlled entities                                             -       7,154              -      7,154               -        1,238                -     1,238
                         Total financial assets measured at fair value                     25,289      172,735            996    199,020          30,626       142,058             921    173,605
                         Financial liabilities
                         Other financial liabilities                                          955        61,881              -     62,836           5,254       46,491                -    51,745
                         Derivative liabilities                                                   -      32,748           265      33,013               -       35,839             271     36,110
                         Due to controlled entities                                               -       2,650              -      2,650               -        1,159                -     1,159
                         Total financial liabilities measured at fair value                   955        97,279           265      98,499           5,254       83,489             271     89,014
                         (1) Includes equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income and equity instruments at fair value through profit or loss.


                        There were no material transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during either the 2023 or 2024 financial year for the Group or
                        the Company.




                        226   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 20 Fair value of financial instruments (cont.)

                        The table below summarises changes in fair value classified as Level 3:

                                                                                                                Assets                                      Liabilities
                                                                                       Derivatives          Debt instruments       Other(1)                Derivatives                 About

                                                                                                                                                                                    this report
                                                                                       2024     2023          2024       2023    2024         2023        2024        2023
                                                                                        $m           $m        $m         $m      $m           $m           $m            $m
                         Group
                         Balance at the beginning of year                              323           449       289        723    444           508         271            369
                         Gains / (losses) on assets and (gains) /
                         losses on liabilities recognised:

                                                                                                                                                                                    Our business
                          In profit or loss                                             (21)         (20)        -          -       8            7          (11)           (18)
                          In other comprehensive income                                   -            -        (1)         5       4           17            -              -

                                                                                                                                                                                       in 2024
                         Purchases and issues                                             1           25         6         77      35           59            -              -
                         Sales and settlements                                          (12)           -      (225)      (237)     (7)        (112)           -              -
                         Transfers into Level 3                                         131           20       245         72       -            -            5              -
                         Transfers out of Level 3                                        (7)     (153)         (65)      (351)      -          (49)           -            (81)




                                                                                                                                                                                      Creating value
                         Foreign currency translation adjustments                         1            2        (1)         -      (1)          14            -             1




For personal use only
                         Balance at end of year                                        416           323       248        289    483           444         265            271
                         Gains / (losses) on assets and (gains) /
                         losses on liabilities for the reporting period
                         related to financial instruments held at the
                         end of the reporting period recognised:
                          In profit or loss                                             (21)         (20)        -          -       8            7          (11)           (18)
                          In other comprehensive income                                   -            -        (1)         5       4           17            -              -


                         Company                                                                                                                                                    Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                   Governance
                         Balance at the beginning of year                              323           449       289        723    309           407         271            369
                         Gains / (losses) on assets and (gains) /
                         losses on liabilities recognised:                                                                                                                          Statement
                          In profit or loss                                             (21)         (20)        -          -       8            7          (11)           (18)
                          In other comprehensive income                                   -            -        (1)         5       5           16            -              -
                         Purchases and issues                                             1           25         6         77       9           20            -              -


                                                                                                                                                                                       Risk
                         Sales and settlements                                          (12)           -      (225)      (237)      -         (105)           -              -
                         Transfers into Level 3                                         131           20       245         72       -            -            5              -


                                                                                                                                                                                    management
                         Transfers out of Level 3                                        (7)     (153)         (65)      (351)      -          (49)           -            (81)
                         Foreign currency translation adjustments                         1            2        (1)         -       1           13            -             1
                         Balance at end of year                                        416           323       248        289    332           309         265            271
                         Gains / (losses) on assets and (gains) /
                         losses on liabilities for the reporting period
                         related to financial instruments held at the


                                                                                                                                                                                      Report of
                         end of the reporting period recognised:
                          In profit or loss                                             (21)         (20)        -          -       8            7          (11)           (18)



                                                                                                                                                                                    the Directors
                          In other comprehensive income                                   -            -        (1)         5      5            16            -              -
                         (1) Includes other financial assets and equity instruments.




                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                     Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                    information




                                                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report     227
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 21
                        Financial asset transfers
                        The Group and the Company enter into transactions by which they transfer financial assets to counterparties or to structured entities. Financial assets that do not qualify for derecognition
                        are typically associated with repurchase agreements, covered bonds and securitisation program arrangements. The following table sets out the carrying amount of financial assets that
                        did not qualify for derecognition and their associated liabilities. Where relevant, the table also sets out the net position of the fair value of financial assets where the counterparty to the
                        associated liabilities has recourse only to the transferred assets.

                                                                                                                                Group                                                                                 Company
                                                                                          Repurchase                                                                                           Repurchase




For personal use only
                                                                                         agreements(1)                    Covered bonds                     Securitisation                    agreements(1)        Covered bonds       Securitisation(2)
                                                                                         2024            2023              2024            2023              2024            2023              2024      2023       2024        2023    2024         2023
                                                                                           $m              $m                $m              $m                $m              $m                $m           $m      $m         $m       $m           $m
                         Carrying amount of transferred assets                         45,705          61,185            45,713          40,508             3,484           2,545            41,188     55,299     40,009    33,439    3,590         2,738
                         Carrying amount of associated liabilities                     44,668          52,684            34,287          33,617             3,484           2,545            41,103     47,891     29,395    27,701    3,590         2,738
                         For those liabilities that have recourse
                         only to the transferred assets
                         Fair value of transferred assets                                  n/a            n/a                n/a            n/a             3,481           2,532                n/a      n/a        n/a         n/a   3,588         2,729
                         Fair value of associated liabilities                              n/a            n/a                n/a            n/a             3,506           2,541                n/a      n/a        n/a         n/a   3,609         2,706
                         Net position                                                      n/a            n/a                n/a            n/a                (25)             (9)              n/a      n/a        n/a         n/a     (21)              23
                         (1) Comparative information has been restated to align to the presentation in the current period.
                         (2) Securitisation assets exclude $122,214 million of assets (2023 $124,807 million) where the Company holds all of the issued instruments of the securitisation vehicle.




                        228   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Other assets and liabilities

                        Note 22
                        Goodwill and other intangible assets
                                                                                                                                                                     About

                          Accounting policy                                                                                                                       this report

                          Goodwill
                          Goodwill arises on the acquisition of an entity and represents the excess of the consideration paid over the fair value of
                          the identifiable net assets acquired.


                                                                                                                                                                  Our business
                          Software costs
                          External and internal costs that are incurred to acquire or develop software are capitalised and recognised as an

                                                                                                                                                                     in 2024
                          intangible asset. Capitalised software costs and other intangible assets are amortised on a systematic basis once
                          deployed, using the straight-line method over their expected useful lives which are between three and ten years.

                          Impairment of intangible assets
                          Assets with an indefinite useful life, including goodwill, are not subject to amortisation and are tested on an annual basis
                          for impairment, and additionally whenever an indication of impairment exists. Assets that are subject to amortisation are




                                                                                                                                                                    Creating value




For personal use only
                          reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
                          recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its
                          recoverable amount.
                          The recoverable amount of an asset is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal or its value in use. For assets
                          that do not generate largely independent cash inflows, the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit
                          (CGU) to which that asset belongs.
                          Goodwill impairment is assessed for each CGU or group of CGUs that represents the lowest level within the Group at which
                          goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes.
                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate
                          Recoverable amounts of CGUs
                          The recoverable amount of a CGU is determined using either value in use or fair value less costs of disposal. Assumptions
                                                                                                                                                                 Governance
                          for determining the recoverable amount of each CGU are based on past experience and expectations for the future. Cash                   Statement
                          flow projections for value in use are based on the latest management approved forecasts and are then extrapolated using
                          a constant growth rate for up to a further five years. These forecasts use management estimates to determine income,
                          expenses, capital expenditure and cash flows for each CGU.
                          The discount rate used reflects the market determined post-tax discount rate which is adjusted for specific risks relating

                                                                                                                                                                     Risk
                          to the CGUs and the countries in which they operate. The growth rate applied to extrapolate cash flows beyond the
                          forecast period are based on forecast assumptions of the CGUs’ long-term performance in their respective markets.


                                                                                                                                                                  management
                          Critical accounting judgements and estimates
                          The measurement of goodwill is subject to a number of key judgements and estimates. These include:
                          •   The allocation of goodwill to CGUs on initial recognition.
                          •   The re-allocation of goodwill in the event of disposal or reorganisation.
                          •   The appropriate cash flow forecasts, growth rates and discount rates.
                          Further details about these items are provided below.                                                                                     Report of

                                                                                                                                                                  the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                   Additional

                                                                                                                                                                  information




                                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report   229
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 22 Goodwill and other intangible assets (cont.)

                                                                                                                                    Group                                 Company
                                                                                                                                2024               2023                2024               2023
                                                                                                                                  $m                 $m                  $m                    $m
                         Goodwill and other intangible assets
                         Goodwill                                                                                              2,070              2,070                   80                    80
                         Internally generated software                                                                         2,774              2,484                2,308              2,052
                         Acquired software                                                                                       239                238                  147                   115
                         Customer relationships, core deposits and other acquired
                         intangible assets                                                                                       141                160                  126                   145
                         Total goodwill and other intangible assets                                                            5,224              4,952                2,661              2,392
                         At cost                                                                                             12,235              11,560                8,798              7,949
                         Deduct: Accumulated amortisation / impairment losses                                                 (7,011)            (6,608)             (6,137)             (5,557)
                         Total goodwill and other intangible assets                                                            5,224              4,952                2,661              2,392


                        Reconciliation of movements in goodwill and internally generated software

                                                                                                                                    Group                                 Company




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                2024               2023                2024               2023
                                                                                                                                  $m                 $m                  $m                    $m
                         Goodwill
                         Balance at beginning of year                                                                          2,070              2,089                   80                    99
                         Acquisition of controlled entities and business combinations(1)                                            -                (19)                   -                  (19)
                         Balance at end of year                                                                                2,070              2,070                   80                    80


                         Internally generated software
                         Balance at beginning of year                                                                          2,484              2,174                2,052              1,837
                         Additions from internal development                                                                   1,000                863                  821                   702
                         Disposals, impairments and write-offs                                                                   (51)                 (9)                  (9)                  (2)
                         Amortisation                                                                                           (655)              (558)                (555)              (485)
                         Foreign currency translation adjustments                                                                  (4)                14                   (1)                   -
                         Balance at end of year                                                                                2,774              2,484                2,308              2,052
                         (1) Acquisition of controlled entities and business combinations in 2023 relate to post-completion adjustments to the fair value of customer relationships and core
                             deposit intangibles, arising from the Group's acquisition of the Citi consumer business during the year ended 30 September 2022.




                        230   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 22 Goodwill and other intangible assets (cont.)

                        Goodwill allocation to CGUs
                        The key assumptions used in determining the recoverable amount of CGUs, to which goodwill has been allocated, are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                     Terminal             About
                                                                                                                                                     Discount         growth
                                                                                                                                                                                       this report
                                                                                                                                                      rate per       rate per
                                                                                                                                  Goodwill             annum           annum
                                                                                                                                2024         2023        2024            2024
                                                                                                                                  $m          $m            %                  %
                         CGUs


                                                                                                                                                                                       Our business
                         Business and Private Banking                                                                             94           94        10.1                 3.4
                         New Zealand Banking                                                                                     258          258        10.6                 3.1


                                                                                                                                                                                          in 2024
                         Personal Banking                                                                                       1,592        1,592       10.1                 3.4
                         ubank                                                                                                   126          126        10.6                 3.4
                         Total goodwill                                                                                         2,070        2,070        n/a             n/a


                        Note 23


                                                                                                                                                                                         Creating value




For personal use only
                        Other assets
                                                                                                                                   Group                   Company
                                                                                                                                2024         2023        2024            2023
                                                                                                                                  $m          $m           $m             $m
                         Other assets
                         Accrued interest receivable                                                                            2,274        2,527      2,026            2,285
                         Prepayments                                                                                             359          328         286             264          Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                      Governance
                         Receivables                                                                                             362          349         154             102
                         Other debt instruments at amortised cost                                                                   -          97         505             608
                         Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income                                     275          245         125             111          Statement
                         Investments in associates and joint ventures(1)                                                         538          515         477             477
                         Securities sold not delivered                                                                          3,941        3,742      2,944            3,447
                         Other                                                                                                   802          576         367             423


                                                                                                                                                                                          Risk
                         Total other assets                                                                                     8,551        8,379      6,884            7,717
                         (1) Refer to section (b) in Note 32 Interest in subsidiaries and other entities for further details.



                                                                                                                                                                                       management




                                                                                                                                                                                         Report of

                                                                                                                                                                                       the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                         Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                        Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                       information




                                                                                                                                                         2024 Annual Report     231
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 24
                        Provisions

                          Accounting policy

                          Provisions
                          Provisions are recognised when the Group has a legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable
                          that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and the amount of the obligation can be
                          reliably estimated. Provisions are not discounted to the present value of their expected net future cash flows except
                          where the time value of money is material.

                          Operational risk event losses
                          Provisions are recognised for non-lending losses which include losses arising from specific legal actions not directly
                          related to amounts of principal outstanding for loans and advances, and losses arising from forgeries, fraud and the
                          correction of operational issues.

                          Customer-related remediation
                          Provisions for customer-related remediation include provisions for potential refunds and other compensation to
                          customers as well as associated program costs.

                          Critical accounting judgements and estimates




For personal use only
                          Provisions are held in respect of a range of future obligations such as employee entitlements, restructuring costs,
                          customer-related remediation and litigation and regulatory investigations. The recognition and measurement of some of
                          these provisions involves significant judgement about the existence of a present obligation, the likely outcome of various
                          future events and the related estimated future cash flows. If the future events are uncertain or where the outflows cannot
                          be reliably measured a contingent liability is disclosed, refer to Note 31 Commitments and contingent liabilities.
                          Payments that are expected to be incurred after more than one year from the reporting date are discounted at a rate
                          which reflects both current interest rates and the risks specific to that provision.
                          In relation to customer-related remediation, determining the amount of the provision requires the exercise of significant
                          judgement. This includes forming a view on a number of different estimates, including the number of impacted
                          customers, average refund per customer and the associated costs required to complete the remediation activities. The
                          appropriateness of underlying assumptions is reviewed on a regular basis against actual experience and other available
                          evidence, and adjustments are made to the provision where required.



                                                                                                          Group                        Company
                                                                                                       2024          2023            2024           2023
                                                                                                        $m             $m              $m               $m
                         Provisions
                         Employee entitlements                                                          958          1,021            816               872
                         Operational risk event losses                                                   63             43             61               25
                         Customer-related remediation                                                   276            305            122               305
                         Other                                                                          507            483            467               449
                         Total provisions                                                             1,804          1,852           1,466          1,651


                        Reconciliation of movements in provisions

                                                                                                          Group                        Company
                                                                                                       2024          2023            2024           2023
                                                                                                        $m             $m              $m               $m
                         Operational risk event losses
                         Balance at beginning of year                                                    43             47             25               29
                         Provisions made                                                                118             90            112                68
                         Payments out of provisions                                                     (94)           (94)            (76)             (72)
                         Provisions no longer required and net foreign currency movements                (4)             -               -                -
                         Balance at end of year                                                          63             43             61                25


                         Customer-related remediation
                         Balance at beginning of year                                                   305            557            305               554
                         Provisions made                                                                188             87            120                86
                         Payments out of provisions                                                    (217)          (339)          (170)          (335)
                         Transfers to Due to controlled entities                                          -              -           (133)                -
                         Balance at end of year                                                         276            305            122               305


                        232   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements




                        Note 25
                        Other liabilities
                                                                                                                   About

                                                                                                                this report
                                                                  Group               Company
                                                               2024        2023     2024            2023
                                                                 $m         $m        $m             $m
                         Other liabilities
                         Accrued interest payable              5,561       4,599    4,821           4,011


                                                                                                                Our business
                         Payables and accrued expenses         1,074       1,094     810             684
                         Securities purchased not delivered    4,256       5,341    3,484           5,048


                                                                                                                   in 2024
                         Lease liabilities                     2,072       2,259    1,609           1,816
                         Trail commission payable              2,018       1,795    1,512           1,330
                         Other                                 1,461       1,129     748            1,049
                         Total other liabilities              16,442      16,217   12,984         13,938




                                                                                                                  Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                                                Corporate
                                                                                                               Governance
                                                                                                                Statement




                                                                                                                   Risk

                                                                                                                management




                                                                                                                  Report of

                                                                                                                the Directors




                                                                                                                  Financial report




                                                                                                                 Additional

                                                                                                                information




                                                                                    2024 Annual Report   233
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 26
                        Leases

                          Accounting policy
                          At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains,
                          a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
                          consideration. At inception or on reassessment of a contract that contains a lease component, the Group allocates the
                          consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone selling prices. For leases
                          of land and buildings where the Group is the lessee, the Group has elected not to separate non-lease components, and
                          accounts for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component.
                          The Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use asset
                          is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made
                          at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and
                          remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset, less any lease incentives received.
                          The right-of-use asset is subsequently measured under the cost model and depreciated using the straight-line method
                          from the commencement date to the end of the lease term. In addition, the right-of-use asset is reviewed for impairment
                          and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability.
                          The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that have not been paid at the
                          commencement date, discounted using the Group’s incremental borrowing rate which is based on the Group’s funds




For personal use only
                          transfer pricing curve. The lease liability is subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
                          It is remeasured when there is a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, there is a change
                          in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the
                          amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if the Group changes its assessment of whether it will
                          exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. The Group does not include extension options in the measurement
                          of the lease liability until such time that it is reasonably certain that the options will be exercised.
                          The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases and leases of
                          low-value assets. The Group recognises the lease payments associated with these leases as an expense on a straight-line
                          basis over the lease term.
                          When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating
                          lease. To classify each lease, the Group makes an overall assessment of whether the lease transfers substantially all the
                          risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset. Where this is the case, the lease is a finance lease. All
                          other leases are classified as operating leases.



                        Effect of leases on the balance sheets

                                                                                                           Group                        Company
                                                                                                       2024           2023            2024          2023
                                                                                                         $m             $m             $m                $m
                         Right-of-use assets
                         Property, plant and equipment
                          Buildings                                                                    1,709          1,912          1,291          1,481
                          Technology                                                                      42            47              37               45
                         Total right-of-use assets                                                     1,751          1,959          1,328          1,526


                         Additions to right-of-use assets during the period                             143            334              76               121


                         Lease liabilities
                         Other liabilities                                                             2,072          2,259          1,609          1,816
                         Total lease liabilities                                                       2,072          2,259          1,609          1,816




                        234   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 26 Leases (cont.)

                        Effect of leases on the income statements

                                                                                                         Group                       Company
                                                                                                      2024          2023            2024           2023            About

                                                                                                                                                                this report
                                                                                                        $m            $m             $m             $m
                         Depreciation
                         Buildings                                                                     309            318            257            264
                         Technology                                                                     20             20             18                18
                         Total depreciation on right-of-use assets                                     329            338            275            282


                         Interest                                                                                                                               Our business

                                                                                                                                                                   in 2024
                         Interest expense on lease liabilities                                          61             49             37                39
                         Total interest expense on lease liabilities                                    61             49             37                39


                         Short-term lease expense
                         Short-term lease expense                                                        5              7                 3              4




                                                                                                                                                                  Creating value




For personal use only
                         Total short-term lease expense                                                  5              7                 3              4


                        Future cash flow effect of leases
                        The table below is a maturity analysis of future lease payments in respect of existing lease arrangements on an
                        undiscounted basis.

                                                                                                         Group                       Company
                                                                                                      2024          2023            2024           2023
                                                                                                        $m            $m             $m             $m          Corporate
                                                                                                                                                               Governance
                         Due within one year                                                           360            361            307            306
                         Due after one year but no later than five years                              1,039         1,151            871            974
                         Due after five years                                                         1,018         1,176            554            686         Statement
                         Total future lease payments                                                  2,417         2,688          1,732           1,966




                                                                                                                                                                   Risk

                                                                                                                                                                management




                                                                                                                                                                  Report of

                                                                                                                                                                the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                  Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                 Additional

                                                                                                                                                                information




                                                                                                                                   2024 Annual Report    235
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Capital management

                        Note 27
                        Contributed equity
                        In accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), the Company does not have authorised capital and all ordinary shares have
                        no par value. Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or
                        options are included within equity. Holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as determined from time to time
                        and are entitled to one vote, on a show of hands or on a poll, for each fully paid ordinary share held at shareholders’ meetings.
                        In the event of a winding-up of the Company, ordinary shareholders rank after all other shareholders and creditors and are fully
                        entitled to any residual proceeds of liquidation.

                                                                                                           Group                       Company
                                                                                                       2024           2023            2024          2023
                                                                                                         $m            $m              $m             $m
                         Issued and paid-up ordinary share capital
                         Ordinary shares, fully paid                                                  36,581         38,546         35,795         37,760
                         Total contributed equity                                                     36,581         38,546         35,795         37,760


                        Reconciliation of movement in ordinary shares




For personal use only
                                                                                                           Group                       Company
                                                                                                       2024           2023            2024          2023
                                                                                                         $m            $m              $m             $m
                         Balance at beginning of year                                                 38,546         39,399         37,760         38,613
                         Shares issued:
                          Transfer from equity-based compensation reserve                               137             74             137            74
                         Purchase of treasury shares for employee share offer                            (25)           (23)           (25)           (23)
                         Share buy-back                                                               (2,077)         (904)         (2,077)          (904)
                         Balance at end of year                                                       36,581         38,546         35,795         37,760




                        236   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 27 Contributed equity (cont.)

                        The number of ordinary shares on issue for the last two years as at 30 September was as follows:

                                                                                                                                           Company
                                                                                                                                          2024           2023            About

                                                                                                                                                                      this report
                                                                                                                                      No. ’000       No. ’000
                         Ordinary shares, fully paid
                         Balance at beginning of year                                                                                3,128,949       3,153,813
                         Shares issued:
                           Bonus share plan                                                                                              1,314           1,338


                                                                                                                                                                      Our business
                           Share-based payments                                                                                          4,456           3,628
                         Paying up of partly paid shares                                                                                     9                 3


                                                                                                                                                                         in 2024
                         Share buy-back                                                                                                (60,690)        (29,833)
                         Total ordinary shares, fully paid                                                                           3,074,038       3,128,949
                         Ordinary shares, partly paid to 25 cents
                         Balance at beginning of year                                                                                        9                12
                         Paying up of partly paid shares                                                                                    (9)               (3)




                                                                                                                                                                        Creating value




For personal use only
                         Total ordinary shares, partly paid to 25 cents                                                                      -                 9
                         Total ordinary shares (including treasury shares)                                                           3,074,038       3,128,958
                         Less: Treasury shares                                                                                          (8,642)         (8,137)
                         Total ordinary shares (excluding treasury shares)                                                           3,065,396       3,120,821


                        Note 28
                        Non-controlling interests
                        Non-controlling interests represent the share in the net assets of controlled entities attributable to equity interests which the             Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                     Governance
                        Company does not own directly or indirectly.

                                                                                                              Group                        Company                    Statement
                                                                                                          2024           2023             2024           2023
                                                                                                            $m             $m              $m             $m
                         Non-controlling interests


                                                                                                                                                                         Risk
                         BNZ perpetual preference shares                                                    758            349               -                 -
                         Total                                                                              758            349               -                 -


                        Bank of New Zealand preference shares
                                                                                                                                                                      management
                        BNZ perpetual preference shares (PPS) are issued by Bank of New Zealand (BNZ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group. These
                        PPS are classified as non-controlling interests to the Group. On 21 August 2024, BNZ issued an additional NZD $450 million of PPS.
                        The balance as at 30 September 2024 represents an AUD equivalent of $750 million of PPS issued and $8 million foreign currency
                        translation differences between AUD and NZD.

                                                                                                                                                                        Report of
                        The key terms of the PPS are summarised below:

                        PPS distributions
                        Distributions on the PPS are discretionary and non-cumulative. If a PPS distribution is not paid, there are certain restrictions on           the Directors
                        the ability of BNZ to pay a dividend on its ordinary shares. Holders of the PPS have no other rights to participate in the profits or
                        property of BNZ.
                        Any distributions will comprise a cash amount and imputation credits.




                                                                                                                                                                        Financial report
                        Redemption
                        The PPS have no fixed maturity date and will remain on issue indefinitely if not redeemed by BNZ.
                        BNZ may redeem the PPS on the first optional redemption date or on each quarterly scheduled distribution payment date
                        thereafter, or at any time if a tax event or regulatory event occurs. Redemption is subject to certain conditions being met,
                        including obtaining the RBNZ’s approval. Holders of PPS have no right to require that the PPS be redeemed.




                                                                                                                                                                       Additional

                                                                                                                                                                      information




                                                                                                                                         2024 Annual Report    237
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 29
                        Reserves

                          Accounting policy

                          Foreign currency translation reserve
                          Exchange differences arising on translation of the Group’s foreign operations, any offsetting gains or losses on net
                          investment hedges and any associated tax effect are reflected in the foreign currency translation reserve.
                          The results and financial position of the Group entities that have a functional currency different from Australian dollars are
                          translated into Australian dollars as follows:
                          •    Assets and liabilities are translated at the closing exchange rate at the balance sheet date.
                          •    Income and expenses are translated at average exchange rates for the period.
                          •    All resulting exchange differences are recognised in the foreign currency translation reserve.
                          A cumulative credit balance in this reserve would not normally be regarded as available for payment of dividends until such
                          gains are realised and recognised in the income statement on sale or disposal of the foreign operation.

                          Asset revaluation reserve
                          The asset revaluation reserve is used to record revaluation adjustments on land and buildings. When an asset is sold or
                          disposed of the related balance in the reserve is transferred directly to retained profits.




For personal use only
                          Cash flow hedge reserve and cost of hedging reserve
                          The cash flow hedge reserve includes fair value gains and losses associated with the effective portion of designated
                          cash flow hedging instruments, net of tax. For hedging instruments in designated hedge accounting relationships, the cost
                          of hedging reserve records fair value gains and losses on forward contracts due to changes in market forward points
                          and fair value gains and losses on cross currency swaps due to changes in market cross-currency basis spreads. These
                          cumulative movements generally reduce to nil by maturity of these hedging instruments.

                          Equity-based compensation reserve
                          The equity-based compensation reserve comprises the fair value of shares and rights provided to employees.

                          Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income reserve
                          The reserve includes all changes in the fair value of investments in debt instruments that are measured at fair value
                          through other comprehensive income, other than impairment losses, foreign exchange gains and losses, interest income
                          and net of any related hedge accounting adjustments. The cumulative amount recognised in the reserve is transferred to
                          profit or loss when the related asset is derecognised.

                          Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income reserve
                          The Group has made an irrevocable election to measure certain investments in equity instruments that are not held for
                          trading purposes at fair value through other comprehensive income. Changes in the fair value of these investments are
                          recognised in this reserve, while dividends are recognised in profit or loss. The cumulative amount recognised in the
                          reserve is transferred directly to retained profits when the related asset is derecognised.




                        238   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 29 Reserves (cont.)

                        Reserves

                                                                                                                                             Group                               Company
                                                                                                                                         2024              2023               2024              2023            About

                                                                                                                                                                                                             this report
                                                                                                                                           $m                $m                 $m                $m
                         Foreign currency translation reserve                                                                              (66)             156                (175)             (134)
                         Asset revaluation reserve                                                                                          19                21                   -                 -
                         Cash flow hedge reserve                                                                                         (145)           (1,611)               (184)           (1,688)
                         Cost of hedging reserve                                                                                         (173)               (34)               (66)                (5)


                                                                                                                                                                                                             Our business
                         Equity-based compensation reserve                                                                                249               237                 249               237
                         Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income reserve                                       (283)                 5               (283)                 5


                                                                                                                                                                                                                in 2024
                         Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income reserve                                        37                34                 25                20
                         Total reserves                                                                                                  (362)           (1,192)               (434)           (1,565)


                        Foreign currency translation reserve

                                                                                                                                             Group                               Company




                                                                                                                                                                                                               Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                         2024              2023               2024              2023
                                                                                                                                           $m                $m                 $m                $m
                         Balance at beginning of year                                                                                     156              (516)               (134)             (222)
                         Transfer from retained profits                                                                                       -                -                   -                 -
                         Currency adjustments on translation of foreign operations, net of hedging                                       (222)              701                 (41)              117
                         Transfer to the income statement on disposal or partial disposal of
                         foreign operations                                                                                                   -              (29)                  -              (29)

                                                                                                                                                                                                             Corporate
                         Balance at end of year                                                                                            (66)             156                (175)             (134)


                        Note 30                                                                                                                                                                             Governance
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Statement
                        Dividends
                                                                                                                                                                        Amount                Total
                                                                                                                                                                       per share            amount


                                                                                                                                                                                                                Risk
                                                                                                                                                                             cents                $m
                         Dividends paid



                                                                                                                                                                                                             management
                         For the year ended 30 September 2024
                         Final dividend determined in respect of the year ended 30 September 2023(1)                                                                             84            2,626
                         Interim dividend determined in respect of the year ended 30 September 2024                       (2)
                                                                                                                                                                                 84            2,606
                         Deduct: Bonus shares in lieu of dividend                                                                                                               n/a               (41)
                         Dividends paid by the Company during the year ended 30 September 2024                                                                                  n/a            5,191



                                                                                                                                                                                                               Report of
                         Add: Dividends paid to non-controlling interests in controlled entities                                                                                n/a                18
                         Total dividends paid by the Group (before dividend reinvestment plan)                                                                                  n/a            5,209


                         For the year ended 30 September 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                                             the Directors
                         Final dividend determined in respect of the year ended 30 September 2022(3)                                                                             78             2,460
                         Interim dividend determined in respect of the year ended 30 September 2023(4)                                                                           83             2,605
                         Deduct: Bonus shares in lieu of dividend                                                                                                               n/a               (38)




                                                                                                                                                                                                               Financial report
                         Dividends paid by the Company during the year ended 30 September 2023                                                                                  n/a             5,027
                         Add: Dividends paid to non-controlling interest in controlled entities                                                                                 n/a                  5
                         Total dividends paid by the Group (before dividend reinvestment plan)                                                                                  n/a             5,032
                         (1) The DRP in respect of the final 2023 dividend was satisfied in full through the on market purchase and transfer of 6,807,692 shares at $28.32 to
                             participating shareholders.
                         (2) The DRP in respect of the interim 2024 dividend was satisfied in full through the on market purchase and transfer of 9,239,285 shares at $34.20 to
                             participating shareholders.
                         (3) The DRP in respect of the final 2022 dividend was satisfied in full through the on market purchase and transfer of 8,461,188 shares at $31.41 to participating shareholders.
                         (4) The DRP in respect of the interim 2023 dividend was satisfied in full through the on market purchase and transfer of 16,214,333 shares at $26.31 to
                             participating shareholders.


                        Dividends paid during 2024 were fully franked at a tax rate of 30% (2023: 30%).                                                                                                       Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                             information




                                                                                                                                                                            2024 Annual Report       239
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 30 Dividends (cont.)

                        Final dividend
                        On 7 November 2024, the directors determined the following dividend:

                                                                                                                                                  Franked
                                                                                                                      Amount          Total        amount
                                                                                                                     per share      amount       per share
                                                                                                                         cents           $m              %
                         Final dividend determined in respect of the year ended 30 September 2024                           85        2,613            100


                        The 2024 final dividend is payable on 16 December 2024. There is no DRP discount for the 2024 final dividend. Eligible shareholders
                        have the ability to participate in the DRP for the 2024 final dividend for up to 5 million NAB ordinary shares per participant. The
                        financial effect of this dividend has not been brought to account in the financial statements for the year ended 30 September
                        2024 and will be recognised in subsequent financial reports.

                        Australian franking credits
                        The franking credits available to the Company as at 30 September 2024 are estimated to be $500 million (2023: $768 million) after
                        allowing for Australian tax payable in respect of the current reporting period profit and the receipt of dividends recognised as a
                        receivable at reporting date.
                        The final 2024 dividend will utilise the balance of franking credits available as at 30 September 2024. The Company's franking




For personal use only
                        account will fluctuate during the year depending on the timing of tax and dividend payments. A surplus franking account balance
                        is only required as at 30 June each year for the purpose of complying with Australian income tax legislation. Instalment tax
                        payments made after 30 September 2024 will generate sufficient franking credits to enable the final 2024 dividend to be fully
                        franked and comply with the income tax legislation.
                        Franking is not guaranteed. The extent to which future dividends on ordinary shares and distributions on frankable hybrids will be
                        franked will depend on a number of factors, including capital management activities and the level of profits that will be subject to
                        tax in Australia.

                        New Zealand imputation credits
                        The New Zealand imputation credits available to the Company as at 30 September 2024 are estimated to be NZD $1,858 million
                        (2023: NZD $2,273 million).
                        The Company is able to attach available New Zealand imputation credits to dividends paid. As a result, New Zealand imputation
                        credits of NZD $0.15 per share will be attached to the final 2024 dividend payable by the Company. New Zealand imputation credits
                        are only relevant for shareholders who are required to file New Zealand income tax returns.




                        240   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Unrecognised items

                        Note 31
                        Commitments and contingent liabilities
                                                                                                                                                                       About

                             Accounting policy                                                                                                                      this report
                             The Group discloses certain items as contingent liabilities, as they are either possible obligations whose existence will be
                             confirmed only by uncertain future events, or they are present obligations where a transfer of economic resources is not
                             probable or cannot be reliably measured. Contingent liabilities are not recognised on the balance sheet but are disclosed
                             unless an outflow of economic resources is remote.

                                                                                                                                                                    Our business
                        Commitments
                        Financial assets are pledged as collateral predominantly under repurchase agreements with other banks. The financial assets                    in 2024
                        pledged by the Group are strictly for the purpose of providing collateral for the counterparty. These transactions are conducted
                        under terms that are usual and customary to standard lending and securities borrowing and lending activities, as well as
                        requirements determined by exchanges where the Group acts as an intermediary. Repurchase agreements that do not qualify
                        for derecognition are reported in Note 21 Financial asset transfers.




                                                                                                                                                                      Creating value




For personal use only
                        Bank guarantees and letters of credit
                        The Group provides guarantees in its normal course of business on behalf of its customers. Guarantees written are conditional
                        commitments issued by the Group to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Guarantees are primarily issued
                        to support direct financial obligations such as commercial bills or other debt instruments issued by a counterparty. The Group
                        has four principal types of guarantees:
                        •    Bank guarantees.
                        •    Standby letters of credit.
                        •    Documentary letters of credit.
                                                                                                                                                                    Corporate
                        •    Performance-related contingencies.
                                                                                                                                                                   Governance
                        The Group considers all bank guarantees and letters of credit as “at call” for liquidity management purposes because it has no
                        control over when the holder might call upon the instrument.                                                                                Statement

                                                                                                             Group                        Company
                                                                                                          2024          2023            2024            2023


                                                                                                                                                                       Risk
                                                                                                           $m             $m              $m             $m
                            Bank guarantees and letters of credit



                                                                                                                                                                    management
                            Bank guarantees                                                              5,568          5,249          5,679            5,421
                            Standby letters of credit                                                    7,250          7,380          7,246            7,380
                            Documentary letters of credit                                                1,863          2,767          1,810            2,434
                            Performance-related contingencies                                           11,916         10,925         10,125            9,402
                            Total bank guarantees and letters of credit                                 26,597         26,321         24,860          24,637



                                                                                                                                                                      Report of
                        Clearing and settlement obligations
                        The Group is subject to a commitment in accordance with the rules governing clearing and settlement arrangements contained

                                                                                                                                                                    the Directors
                        in the Australian Payments Network Regulations for the Australian Paper Clearing System, the Bulk Electronic Clearing System, the
                        Consumer Electronic Clearing System and the High Value Clearing System which could result in a credit risk exposure and loss in
                        the event of a failure to settle by a member institution. The Group also has a commitment in accordance with the Austraclear
                        System Regulations and the Continuous Linked Settlement Bank Rules to participate in loss-sharing arrangements in the event
                        that another financial institution fails to settle.




                                                                                                                                                                      Financial report
                        The Group is a member of various central clearing houses, most notably the London Clearing House (LCH) SwapClear and
                        RepoClear platforms and the ASX Over-The-Counter Central Counterparty, which enables the Group to centrally clear derivative
                        and repurchase agreement instruments respectively. As a member of these central clearing houses, the Group is required
                        to make a default fund contribution. The exposure to risk associated with this commitment is reflected for capital adequacy
                        purposes in the Group’s Pillar 3 reporting. In the event of a default of another clearing member, the Group could be required to
                        commit additional funds to the default fund contribution.

                        Credit-related commitments
                        Binding credit-related commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer provided that there is no violation

                                                                                                                                                                     Additional
                        of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses
                        and may require payment of a fee by the customer. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn
                        down, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Nevertheless, credit-related
                        commitments are considered “at call” for liquidity management purposes.
                                                                                                                                                                    information




                                                                                                                                        2024 Annual Report   241
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 31 Commitments and contingent liabilities (cont.)

                                                                                                             Group                         Company
                                                                                                          2024          2023             2024          2023
                                                                                                           $m             $m               $m           $m
                            Credit-related commitments
                            Binding credit commitments                                                 210,124        208,853          190,297       188,268
                            Total credit-related commitments                                           210,124        208,853          190,297       188,268


                            Credit-related commitments by geographical location
                            Australia                                                                  167,797        165,594          166,798       164,994
                            New Zealand                                                                 18,636         19,985                -              -
                            Other International                                                         23,691         23,274           23,499        23,274
                            Total credit-related commitments                                           210,124        208,853          190,297       188,268


                        Parent entity guarantees and undertakings
                        The Company has provided the following guarantees and undertakings relating to entities in the Group. These guarantees and
                        undertakings are not included in the previous tables in this note:




For personal use only
                        •    The Company will guarantee up to $14,431 million (2023: $15,440 million) of commercial paper issuances by National Australia
                             Funding (Delaware) Inc. Commercial paper of $398 million (2023: $419 million) has been issued.
                        •    The Company is responsible to its customers for any direct loss suffered as a result of National Nominees Limited failing to
                             perform its obligations to the Company.
                        •    The Company has issued letters of support and given guarantees and indemnities in respect of certain subsidiaries and
                             associates in the normal course of business or arising from contractual or legislative commitments . The letters of support
                             and provision of guarantees and indemnities recognises that the Company has a responsibility to ensure that those
                             subsidiaries and associates continue to meet their obligations.

                        Contingent liabilities
                        The Group is exposed to contingent risks and liabilities arising from the conduct of its business including:
                        •    Actual and potential disputes, claims and legal proceedings.
                        •    Investigations into past conduct, including actual and potential regulatory breaches carried out by regulatory authorities on
                             either an industry-wide or Group-specific basis.
                        •    Internal investigations and reviews into past conduct, including actual and potential regulatory breaches, carried out by or on
                             behalf of the Group.
                        •    Contracts that involve giving contingent commitments such as warranties, indemnities or guarantees.
                        There are contingent liabilities in respect of all such matters. Such matters are often highly complex and uncertain. Where
                        appropriate, provisions have been made. The aggregate potential liability of the Group in relation to these matters cannot be
                        accurately assessed.
                        Further details on some specific contingent liabilities that may impact the Group are set out below.

                        Legal proceedings

                        United Kingdom matters
                        Nine separate claims (comprising 904 individual claimants) focused on Tailored Business Loans (TBLs) have been commenced
                        against the Company and Clydesdale Bank Plc, now owned by Virgin Money UK Plc and trading as Virgin Money (Virgin Money) by
                        former customers of Virgin Money, represented by RGL Management Limited (a claims management company) (RGL) and law firm
                        Fladgate LLP, in the English Courts. The cases involving four individual claimants (being the first and fourth claims) proceeded to a
                        12 week trial which commenced on 2 October 2023, effectively as test cases. The cases of the remaining individual claimants are
                        currently stayed pending the outcome of the first and fourth claims.
                        The claims concern TBLs which customers entered into with Virgin Money and in respect of which NAB employees performed
                        various functions. The claimants allege they were misled about: (1) the cost of repaying (or restructuring) their TBLs early; and (2)
                        the composition of fixed interest rates/other rates offered under the TBLs. The alleged misconduct is said to give rise to several
                        causes of action, including negligent misstatement, misrepresentation and deceit.
                        On 19 March 2024 the English High Court delivered its judgment in the first and fourth claims dismissing all claims made against the
                        Company and Virgin Money. In July 2024 NAB received an interim costs award payment of £9.125 million ($18 million). The claimants
                        have received permission to appeal. A date has not yet been fixed for the appeal hearing.

                        Walton Construction Group class action
                        In January 2022, a class action complaint was filed in the Federal Court by subcontractors of Walton Construction Group (WCG)
                        regarding the Company's alleged conduct in the period prior to the collapse of WCG. It is alleged that the Company's conduct
                        contributed to losses incurred by subcontractors following the liquidation of WCG. The Company filed and served its defence to
                        the claims on 16 December 2022, however, the Applicants filed an Amended Statement of Claim in March 2024. The Company filed
                        its defence in July 2024 denying all allegations. The potential outcome and total costs associated with the claims under this class
                        action remain uncertain.


                        242    National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 31 Commitments and contingent liabilities (cont.)

                        Regulatory activity, compliance investigations and associated proceedings

                        Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing program uplift and compliance issues
                        The Group continues to enhance its systems and processes to comply with Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and Counter-Terrorism                                                          About
                        Financing (CTF) requirements. The Group continues to keep AUSTRAC informed of its progress. In addition to an ongoing general
                        uplift in capability, the Group is remediating specific known compliance issues and weaknesses. The Group has reported                                                          this report
                        a number of compliance issues to relevant regulators, including in relation to ‘Know Your Customer’ (KYC) requirements
                        (particularly with enhanced customer due diligence for non-individual customers), systems and process issues that impacted
                        some aspects of transaction monitoring and reporting, and other financial crime risks. As this work progresses, further
                        compliance issues may be identified and reported to AUSTRAC or equivalent foreign regulators, and additional uplifting and
                        strengthening may be required.

                                                                                                                                                                                                        Our business
                        On 29 April 2022, the Company entered into an enforceable undertaking (EU) with AUSTRAC to address AUSTRAC’s concerns with
                        the Group’s compliance with certain AML and CTF requirements. In accepting the EU, AUSTRAC stated that the regulator had

                                                                                                                                                                                                           in 2024
                        “formed the view at the start of the investigation that a civil penalty proceeding was not appropriate at that time” and that it had
                        “not identified any information during the investigation to change that view”. Under the terms of the EU, the Company and certain
                        subsidiaries are required to:
                        •    Complete a Remedial Action Plan (RAP) approved by AUSTRAC.
                        •    Address to AUSTRAC’s satisfaction any deficiencies or concerns with activities in the RAP identified by AUSTRAC.




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Creating value




For personal use only
                        While the Company has completed the delivery of its required activities under the RAP, some activities are yet to be reviewed by
                        the external auditor of the RAP. The conclusion or otherwise of the EU will be determined by AUSTRAC.
                        The total costs associated with the above remain uncertain.

                        Banking matters
                        A number of reviews into banking-related matters are being carried on across the Group, both internally and in some cases by
                        regulatory authorities, including matters regarding:
                        •    Incorrect fees being applied in connection with certain products.
                        •    Incorrect interest rates being applied in relation to certain products.                                                                                                    Corporate
                        •    Capturing customer consent to receive electronic statements and inconsistencies with recording statement preferences.                                                     Governance
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Statement
                        •    Compliance with financial hardship obligations.
                        •    Issues with treatment of deregistered companies identified in the customer base.
                        The potential outcome and total costs associated with these matters remains uncertain.

                        Employment matters

                                                                                                                                                                                                           Risk
                        The Group continues to review its processes for compliance with obligations under Australian employment laws and its
                        enterprise agreements. The Group is engaging with the Fair Work Ombudsman (FWO) on its progress in respect of these matters.


                                                                                                                                                                                                        management
                        The Group has reported a number of compliance issues to the FWO and the associated remediation work is ongoing. As this work
                        progresses, further compliance issues may be identified and reported to the FWO and additional remediation may be required.
                        There remains potential for further developments regarding these issues, including enforcement action by the FWO or other
                        legal actions and penalties, so the final outcome and total costs associated with these issues remain uncertain.
                        In March 2023, the Finance Sector Union (FSU) filed proceedings against NAB and MLC Wealth Limited in the Federal Court alleging
                        that those parties had breached provisions of the Fair Work Act which prohibit an employer from requesting or requiring an

                                                                                                                                                                                                          Report of
                        employee to work unreasonable additional hours. The claim relates to four current and former employees. The FSU is seeking
                        declarations that NAB and MLC Wealth Limited breached the Fair Work Act, the imposition of penalties in respect of the alleged
                        breaches, as well as compensation for loss and damage to the four named current and former employees and the payment of

                                                                                                                                                                                                        the Directors
                        legal costs. The final outcome and total costs associated with this matter remain uncertain.

                        Wealth - Advice review
                        In October 2015, the Group began contacting certain groups of customers where there was a concern that they may have
                        received non-compliant financial advice since 2009 to: (a) assess the appropriateness of that advice; and (b) identify whether




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Financial report
                        customers had suffered loss as a result of non-compliant advice that would warrant compensation. These cases have
                        progressed, or are now progressing, through the Customer Response Initiative review program, the scope of which includes
                        the advice businesses of MLC Advice (formerly known as NAB Financial Planning), NAB Advice Partnerships and JBWere, with
                        compensation offered and paid in a number of cases(1). Where customer compensation is able to be reliably estimated,
                        provisions have been recognised. The final outcome and total costs associated with this work remain uncertain.

                        Wealth - Adviser service fees
                        The Group is undertaking a remediation program in relation to financial advice fees paid by customers pursuant to ongoing
                        service arrangements. This matter relates to JBWere and the various advice businesses, which were operated by the Group prior
                        to completion of the MLC Wealth Transaction discussed below, including MLC Advice and NAB Advice Partnerships.(1) Payments
                        with respect to MLC Advice are now complete. Payments with respect to NAB Advice Partnerships are largely complete.                                                              Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                        information
                            (1) While the businesses of MLC Advice and NAB Advice Partnerships have been sold to Insignia Financial Ltd pursuant to the MLC Wealth Transaction (defined below), the
                                Group has retained the companies that operated the advice business, such that the Group has retained all liabilities associated with the conduct of these businesses
                                pre-completion of the MLC Wealth Transaction. JBWere is not within the scope of the MLC Wealth Transaction.


                                                                                                                                                                         2024 Annual Report      243
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 31 Commitments and contingent liabilities (cont.)

                        JBWere is identifying potentially impacted customers, assessing impacts to those customers and has made remediation
                        payments in some cases.
                        While the Group has taken provisions in relation to these matters based on current information, there remains the potential for
                        further developments and the potential outcomes and total costs associated with these matters remains uncertain.

                        Contingent tax risk
                        The tax affairs of the Group are subject to regular reviews by the Australian Taxation Office as well as the Revenue Offices of
                        the various Australian States and Territories. These reviews cover various aspects of NAB’s tax affairs including prior tax returns
                        lodged and compliance with various customer data reporting regimes. The reviews described above may result in additional
                        tax-related liabilities (including interest and penalties). Where appropriate, provisions have been made. The potential outcome
                        and total costs associated with these activities remain uncertain.

                        Contractual commitments

                        FirstCape transaction
                        On 30 April 2024, National Australia Group (NZ) Limited (NAGNZ) and BNZ completed the sale of the entities comprising the
                        Group’s New Zealand wealth businesses to FirstCape Limited (FirstCape). The transaction resulted in the combination of those
                        businesses with Jarden Wealth and Asset Management Holdings Limited’s (Jarden Wealth) wealth advice and asset management
                        businesses in New Zealand. The ultimate holding company of FirstCape is FirstCape Group Limited (FirstCape Group). FirstCape




For personal use only
                        Group is jointly owned by NAGNZ, Jarden Wealth and Pacific Equity Partners. Under the sale agreements, NAGNZ and BNZ have
                        provided certain warranties and indemnities in favour of FirstCape under which NAGNZ or BNZ may be liable to FirstCape. The
                        potential outcome and total costs associated with these warranties and indemnities remain uncertain.

                        MLC Wealth Transaction
                        On 31 May 2021, the Group completed the sale of MLC Wealth, comprising its advice, platforms, superannuation and investments,
                        and asset management businesses to Insignia Financial Ltd (MLC Wealth Transaction). As part of the MLC Wealth Transaction, the
                        Company has provided Insignia Financial Ltd with indemnities relating to certain pre-completion matters, including:
                        •   A remediation program relating to workplace superannuation (including matters where some employer superannuation plans
                            and member entitlements were not correctly set up in the administration systems, and matters relating to disclosure and
                            administration of certain features of the super product such as insurance and fees).
                        •   Breaches of anti-money laundering laws and regulations.
                        •   Regulatory fines and penalties.
                        •   Certain litigation and regulatory investigations (including the NULIS and MLCN class actions described below).
                        The Company also provided covenants and warranties in favour of Insignia Financial Ltd. A breach or triggering of these
                        contractual protections may result in the Company being liable to Insignia Financial Ltd. The claims periods for some of these
                        covenants, warranties and indemnities have expired.
                        As part of the MLC Wealth Transaction, the Group retained the companies that operated the advice business, such that the
                        Group has retained all liabilities associated with the conduct of that business pre-completion.
                        The Company has also agreed to provide Insignia Financial Ltd with certain transitional services and continuing access to
                        records, as well as support for data migration activities. The Company may be liable to Insignia Financial if it fails to perform its
                        obligations under these agreements.
                        The final financial impact associated with the MLC Wealth Transaction remains uncertain and subject to other contingencies as
                        outlined above.

                        NULIS and MLCN - class actions
                        In October 2019, litigation funder Omni Bridgeway (formerly IMF Bentham) and William Roberts Lawyers commenced a class action
                        against NULIS Nominees (Australia) Limited (NULIS) alleging breaches of NULIS’s trustee obligations to act in the best interests
                        of the former members of The Universal Super Scheme in deciding to maintain grandfathered commissions on their transfer
                        into the MLC Super Fund on 1 July 2016. NULIS filed its first defence in the proceeding in February 2020. An initial trial to make
                        determinations on the individual claims of the applicant and one sample group member was held on 9 October 2023. Judgment
                        has been reserved.
                        In January 2020, Maurice Blackburn commenced a class action in the Supreme Court of Victoria against NULIS and MLC Nominees
                        Pty Ltd (MLCN) alleging breaches of NULIS's trustee obligations in connection with the speed with which NULIS and MLCN
                        effected transfers of members’ accrued default amounts to the MySuper product. The matter is listed for trial commencing
                        on 18 November 2024.
                        The potential outcomes and total costs associated with these matters remains uncertain. While NULIS and MLCN are no longer
                        part of the Group following completion of the MLC Wealth Transaction, the Company remains liable for the costs associated with,
                        and retains conduct of, these matters pursuant to the terms of the MLC Wealth Transaction.




                        244   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Other disclosures

                        Note 32
                        Interest in subsidiaries and other entities
                                                                                                                                                                        About

                          Accounting policy                                                                                                                          this report

                          Investments in controlled entities
                          Controlled entities are all those entities (including structured entities) to which the Company is exposed, or has rights,
                          to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power


                                                                                                                                                                     Our business
                          over the entity. An assessment of control is performed on an ongoing basis. Entities are consolidated from the date on
                          which control is obtained by the Group. Entities are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases. The effects of
                          transactions between entities within the Group are eliminated in full upon consolidation.

                          Investments in associates and joint ventures                                                                                                  in 2024
                          Associates and joint ventures are entities over which the Group has significant influence or joint control, but no control.
                          The Group's investments in associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method, with the carrying
                          amount of the investment increased or decreased to recognise the Group's share of the profit or loss of the investee.




                                                                                                                                                                       Creating value




For personal use only
                          Structured entities
                          A structured entity is an entity that has been designed so that voting or similar rights are not the dominant factor in
                          deciding who controls the entity. Structured entities generally have restricted activities and a narrow and well-defined
                          objective which is created through contractual arrangement. Depending on the Group's power over the relevant activities
                          of the structured entity and its exposure to and ability to influence its own returns, it may or may not consolidate
                          the entity.
                          Unconsolidated structured entities refer to all structured entities that are not controlled by the Group. The Group
                          enters into transactions with unconsolidated structured entities in the normal course of business to facilitate customer
                          transactions or for specific investment opportunities.
                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate
                          Interests in unconsolidated structured entities include, but are not limited to, debt and equity investments, guarantees,
                          liquidity arrangements, commitments, fees from investment structures, and derivative instruments that expose the Group                    Governance
                          to the risks of the unconsolidated structured entities. Interests do not include plain vanilla derivatives (e.g. interest rate             Statement
                          swaps and cross currency swaps) and positions where the Group:
                          •    Creates rather than absorbs variability of the unconsolidated structured entity.
                          •    Provides administrative, trustee or other services as agent to third party managed structured entities.


                                                                                                                                                                        Risk
                          Involvement is considered on a case by case basis, taking into account the nature of the structured entity’s activities. This
                          excludes involvement that exists only because of typical customer-supplier relationships.



                        (a) Investments in controlled entities                                                                                                       management
                        The following table presents the material controlled entities as at 30 September 2024:

                                                                                                                                              Incorporated /
                         Entity name                                                                                        Ownership %            formed in

                                                                                                                                                                       Report of
                         National Equities Limited                                                                                   100             Australia
                          National Australia Group (NZ) Limited                                                                      100         New Zealand

                                                                                                                                                                     the Directors
                              Bank of New Zealand                                                                                    100         New Zealand


                        Significant restrictions
                        Subsidiary companies that are subject to prudential regulation are required to maintain minimum capital and other regulatory
                        requirements that may restrict the ability of these entities to make distributions of cash or other assets to the parent company.




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial report
                        These restrictions are managed in accordance with the Group’s normal risk management policies set out in Note 19 Financial risk
                        management and capital adequacy requirements in Note 36 Capital adequacy.




                                                                                                                                                                      Additional

                                                                                                                                                                     information




                                                                                                                                         2024 Annual Report   245
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 32 Interest in subsidiaries and other entities (cont.)

                        (b) Investments in associates and joint ventures

                                                                                                                                          Group
                                                                                              2024              2023       Ownership as
                                                                                                                            at 30 Sep               Country of
                                                                                                 $m               $m          2024                incorporation            Principal activity
                         Entity name
                         MLC Life(1)                                                            237               515                    20%             Australia              Life insurance
                         FirstCape     (2)
                                                                                                301                  -                   45%        New Zealand           Wealth management
                         Total                                                                  538               515
                         (1) Includes a reduction of $271 million due to the restatement for adoption of AASB 17 Insurance Contracts. Refer to Note 1 Basis for preparation.
                         (2) The Group acquired a 45% interest in FirstCape on 30 April 2024.


                        Significant restrictions
                        Assets in a statutory fund of MLC Life can only be used to meet the liabilities and expenses of that fund, to acquire investments
                        to further the business of that fund, or to make profit distributions when solvency and capital adequacy requirements of the
                        Life Insurance Act 1995 (Cth) are met. This may impact MLC Life's ability to transfer funds to the Group in the form of dividends. In
                        addition, in certain circumstances the payment of dividends may require approval by APRA.




For personal use only
                        Transactions
                        Under a financial services agreement and certain linked arrangements, the Group provides MLC Life with certain financial
                        services on an arm’s length basis, including custody, transactional banking facilities, fixed income and currency services.
                        There are commercial agreements between BNZ and FirstCape, under which fees are charged by FirstCape to BNZ for managing
                        specific BNZ branded wealth products, and fees are also charged by BNZ to FirstCape for distributing specific BNZ branded wealth
                        products. Separately, BNZ provides banking services to FirstCape, interest and fees are charged on these services. All services
                        are provided on an arm’s length basis.
                        In addition, FirstCape has committed cash advance facilities with BNZ, with limits totalling $129 million, currently $44 million has
                        been drawn down.




                        246   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 32 Interest in subsidiaries and other entities (cont.)

                        (c) Consolidated structured entities
                        The Group has interests in the following types of consolidated structured entities:

                         Type                      Details                                                                                                                   About

                                                                                                                                                                          this report
                         Securitisation            The Group engages in securitisation activities for funding, liquidity and capital management purposes.
                                                   The Group principally packages and sells residential mortgage loans as securities to investors through a
                                                   series of bankruptcy remote securitisation vehicles. The Group is entitled to any residual income after
                                                   all payments to investors and costs related to the program have been met. The note holders only have
                                                   recourse to the pool of assets. The Group is considered to hold the majority of the residual risks and
                                                   benefits of the vehicles. All relevant financial assets continue to be held on the Group balance sheet, and a
                                                   liability is recognised for the proceeds of the funding transaction.


                                                                                                                                                                          Our business
                                                   The Group provides liquidity facilities to the securitisation vehicles. These facilities can only be drawn to
                                                   manage the timing mismatch of cash inflows from securitised loans and cash outflows due to investors.
                                                   The Group also provides redraw facilities to certain securitisation vehicles to manage the timing mismatch


                                                                                                                                                                             in 2024
                                                   of principal collections from securitised loans and cash outflows in respect of customer redraws. The
                                                   aggregate limit of these liquidity and redraw facilities as at 30 September 2024 is $1,351 million.
                         Covered bonds             The Group is entitled to any residual income after all payments due to covered bonds investors and costs
                                                   related to the program have been met. Residential mortgage loans are assigned to a bankruptcy remote
                                                   structured entity, which provides guarantees on the payments to covered bondholders. The covered
                                                   bondholders have recourse to the Group and, following certain trigger events including payment default,
                                                   the covered pool of assets.




                                                                                                                                                                            Creating value




For personal use only
                        (d) Unconsolidated structured entities
                        The Group has interests in the following types of unconsolidated structured entities:

                         Type                      Details
                         Securitisation            The Group engages with third party (client) securitisation vehicles by providing warehouse facilities, liquidity
                                                   support and derivatives. The Group invests in residential mortgage and asset-backed securities.
                         Other financing           The Group provides tailored lending to limited recourse single purpose vehicles which are established to
                                                   facilitate asset financing for clients. The assets are pledged as collateral to the Group. The Group engages
                                                   in raising finance for leasing assets such as aircraft, trains, shipping vessels and other infrastructure              Corporate
                                                   assets. The Group may act as a lender, arranger or derivative counterparty to these vehicles.
                                                   Other financing transactions are generally senior, secured self-liquidating facilities in compliance with             Governance
                                                                                                                                                                          Statement
                                                   Group credit lending policies. Regular credit and financial reviews of the borrowers are conducted to ensure
                                                   collateral is sufficient to support the Group’s maximum exposures.
                         Investment funds          The Group has direct interests in unconsolidated investment funds. The Group’s interests include holding
                                                   units and receiving fees for services. The Group’s interest in unconsolidated investment funds is immaterial.




                                                                                                                                                                             Risk

                                                                                                                                                                          management




                                                                                                                                                                            Report of

                                                                                                                                                                          the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                            Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                           Additional

                                                                                                                                                                          information




                                                                                                                                              2024 Annual Report   247
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 32 Interest in subsidiaries and other entities (cont.)

                        The table below shows the carrying value and maximum exposure to loss of the Group’s interests in unconsolidated
                        structured entities:

                                                                                                                                           Group
                                                                                           Securitisations                          Other financing                                   Total
                                                                                            2024                2023                  2024                2023                  2024               2023
                                                                                              $m                  $m                    $m                   $m                    $m               $m
                         Loans and advances                                               24,108               19,833                2,497                2,564               26,605              22,397
                         Debt instruments                                                  2,767                6,536                      -                   -                2,767              6,536
                         Total carrying value of assets in
                         unconsolidated structured entities                               26,875               26,369                2,497                2,564               29,372              28,933
                         Commitment / contingencies                                        8,133                7,486                   202                   62                8,335              7,548
                         Total maximum exposure to loss in
                         unconsolidated structured entities                               35,008               33,855                2,699                2,626               37,707              36,481


                        Exposure to loss is managed as part of the Group's risk management framework. The Group’s maximum exposure to loss
                        is the total of its on-balance sheet positions and its off-balance sheet arrangements, being loan commitments, financial
                        guarantees, and liquidity support. Consequently, the Group has presented these measures rather than the total assets of




For personal use only
                        the unconsolidated structured entities. Refer to Note 19 Financial risk management for further details. Income earned from
                        interests in unconsolidated structured entities primarily results from interest income, mark-to-market movements and fees
                        and commissions.
                        The majority of the Group’s exposures are senior investment grade, but in some limited cases, the Group may be required to
                        absorb losses from unconsolidated structured entities before other parties because the Group’s interests are subordinated
                        to others in the ownership structure. The table below shows the credit quality of the Group’s exposures in unconsolidated
                        structured entities:

                                                                                                                                           Group
                                                                                           Securitisations                          Other financing                                   Total
                                                                                            2024                2023                  2024                2023                  2024               2023
                                                                                              $m                  $m                    $m                   $m                    $m               $m
                         Senior investment grade                                          26,866               26,358                   606                 708               27,472              27,066
                         Investment grade                                                        6                   9               1,618                1,352                 1,624              1,361
                         Sub-investment grade                                                    3                   2                  273                 504                   276               506
                         Total(1)                                                         26,875               26,369                2,497                2,564               29,372              28,933
                         (1) Of the total, $29,230 million (2023: $28,798 million) represents the Group's interest in senior notes and $142 million in subordinated notes (2023: $135 million).




                        248   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 33
                        Related party disclosures
                        The Group provides a range of services to related parties including the provision of banking facilities and standby financing
                        arrangements. Other dealings include granting loans and accepting deposits, and the provision of finance. These transactions

                                                                                                                                                                               About
                        are normally entered into on terms equivalent to those that prevail on an arm’s length basis in the ordinary course of business.
                        Other transactions with controlled entities may involve provision of data processing services or access to intellectual or other
                        intangible property rights. Charges for these transactions are normally on an arm’s length basis or are otherwise on the basis of                   this report
                        equitable rates agreed between the parties. The Company also provides various administrative services to the Group, which may
                        include accounting, secretarial and legal. Fees may be charged for these services.
                        Loans made to subsidiaries are generally entered into on terms equivalent to those that prevail on an arm’s length basis, except
                        that there are often no fixed repayment terms for the settlement of loans between parties. Outstanding balances are unsecured
                        and are repayable in cash.
                        The Company may incur costs on behalf of controlled entities in respect of customer-related remediation, regulatory activity,                       Our business
                        compliance investigations and associated proceedings. Refer to Note 31 Commitments and contingent liabilities for further

                                                                                                                                                                               in 2024
                        details in respect of these matters.

                        Subsidiaries
                        The table below shows the net amounts payable to subsidiaries for the years ended 30 September:




                                                                                                                                                                              Creating value
                                                                                                                                                  Company




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                2024            2023
                                                                                                                                                  $m             $m
                         Balance at beginning of year                                                                                           (482)          (3,413)
                         Net cash outflows / (inflows)                                                                                           770            3,320
                         Net foreign currency translation movements and other amounts receivable                                               (1,079)          (389)
                         Balance at end of year                                                                                                 (791)           (482)


                        The table below shows material transactions with subsidiaries for the years ended 30 September:                                                     Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                           Governance
                                                                                                                                                  Company
                                                                                                                                                2024            2023        Statement
                                                                                                                                                  $m             $m
                         Net interest expense                                                                                                  (1,222)          (929)
                         Net management fees (expense)(1)                                                                                       (476)           (483)


                                                                                                                                                                               Risk
                         Dividend revenue                                                                                                      3,105            7,421
                         (1) Comparative information has been restated to align to the presentation in the current period.



                                                                                                                                                                            management
                        Superannuation plans
                        The following payments were made to superannuation plans sponsored by the Group:

                                                                                                                                Group             Company
                                                                                                                             2024       2023    2024            2023

                                                                                                                                                                              Report of
                         Payment to:                                                                                          $m         $m       $m             $m
                         National Australia Bank Group Superannuation Fund A                                                  297        298     297             298

                                                                                                                                                                            the Directors
                         Other                                                                                                 11          9      11                 9


                        Transactions between the Group and superannuation plans sponsored by the Group were made on commercial terms
                        and conditions.




                                                                                                                                                                              Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                             Additional

                                                                                                                                                                            information




                                                                                                                                                2024 Annual Report   249
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 33 Related party disclosures (cont.)

                        Key Management Personnel (KMP)
                        The list of the Company's KMP is assessed each year and comprises the non-executive directors of the Company, the Group CEO
                        (an executive director of the Company) and those employees of the Group who have authority and responsibility for planning,
                        directing and controlling the activities of both the Company and the Group. Details of KMP are set out in Section 6.1 and Section
                        7.3 of the Remuneration Report included in the Report of the Directors.

                        Remuneration
                        Total remuneration of KMP is included within total personnel expenses in Note 5 Operating expenses. The total remuneration is
                        as follows:

                                                                                                                                        Group
                                                                                                                                     2024            2023
                                                                                                                                        $               $
                         Short-term benefits
                          Cash salary                                                                                          17,132,887       18,860,539
                          Variable reward cash                                                                                  5,881,820        8,312,680
                          Non-monetary                                                                                            128,670         172,600




For personal use only
                         Post-employment benefits
                          Superannuation                                                                                          604,197         578,764
                         Other long-term benefits
                          Other long-term benefits                                                                                211,734         200,462
                         Equity-based benefits
                          Shares                                                                                                  746,980         489,226
                          Performance rights                                                                                   26,953,189       14,955,354
                         Other
                          Other remuneration                                                                                      881,463        1,742,506
                         Total                                                                                                 52,540,940       45,312,131


                        Performance rights and shareholdings of KMP are set out in the Remuneration Report included in the Report of the Directors.

                        Loans to KMP and their related parties
                        During the 2024 financial year, loans made to KMP and other related parties of the Group and Company were $9 million (2023:
                        $21 million). Loans to non-executive directors of the Company are made in the ordinary course of business on terms equivalent
                        to those that prevail in arm's length transactions. Loans to the Group CEO and Group Executives may be made on similar terms
                        and conditions generally available to other employees of the Group. Loans may be secured or unsecured depending on the
                        nature of the lending product advanced. As at 30 September 2024, the total loan balances outstanding were $66 million (2023:
                        $59 million).
                        No amounts were written off in respect of any loans made to directors or other KMP of the Group and Company during the
                        current or prior reporting period.
                        Further details regarding loans advanced to KMP of the Group and Company are included in the Remuneration Report within the
                        Report of the Directors.




                        250   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 34
                        Remuneration of external auditor
                                                                                                                                              Group                          Company
                                                                                                                                          2024           2023(1)           2024           2023(1)
                                                                                                                                         $'000           $'000            $'000           $'000            About

                                                                                                                                                                                                        this report
                         EY Australia - consolidated entities
                         Audit services                                                                                                 13,323          12,862          10,992           10,527
                         Total audit services                                                                                           13,323          12,862          10,992           10,527
                         Audit-related services
                           Other statutory assurance services(2)                                                                         4,857           4,910            4,549           4,610


                                                                                                                                                                                                        Our business
                           Other assurance services(3)                                                                                   1,270             750            1,234             693
                         Total audit-related services                                                                                    6,127           5,660            5,783           5,303


                                                                                                                                                                                                           in 2024
                         Other services
                           Taxation-related services                                                                                         41              50               41             50
                           Non-audit services(4)                                                                                              6            500                 6            500
                         Total other services                                                                                                47            550                47            550




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Creating value




For personal use only
                         Total Australia                                                                                                19,497          19,072          16,822           16,380


                         EY Overseas - consolidated entities
                         Audit services                                                                                                  4,103           4,152            1,874           1,991
                         Total audit services                                                                                            4,103           4,152            1,874           1,991
                         Audit-related services
                           Other statutory assurance services(2)                                                                           439             648              428             355
                           Other assurance services(3)                                                                                     387             379                 -                 -
                         Total audit-related services
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Corporate
                                                                                                                                           826           1,027              428             355
                         Other services                                                                                                                                                                Governance
                           Taxation-related services                                                                                          8               5                -                 -      Statement
                           Non-audit services(4)                                                                                             13              56                -                 -
                         Total other services                                                                                                21              61                -                 -




                                                                                                                                                                                                           Risk
                         Total Overseas                                                                                                  4,950           5,240            2,302           2,346


                         Total Australia and Overseas

                                                                                                                                                                                                        management
                                                                                                                                        24,447          24,312          19,124           18,726
                         Fees paid to the external auditor for services to non-consolidated entities of
                         the Group                                                                                                         215             673                 -                 -
                         Total remuneration paid to the external auditor                                                                24,662          24,985          19,124           18,726
                         (1) Comparative information has been restated to align to the presentation in the current period.
                         (2) Other statutory assurance services relate to engagements required under prudential standards and other legislative or regulatory requirements.



                                                                                                                                                                                                          Report of
                         (3) Other assurance services include assurance and attestation relating to climate and sustainability reporting, comfort letters over financing programmes as well as
                             agreed upon procedures.
                         (4) The Board Audit Committee considered all non-audit services and were satisfied that these are compatible with maintaining audit independence.



                                                                                                                                                                                                        the Directors
                        Total remuneration paid to another audit firm where EY is in a joint audit arrangement for the audit of a Group subsidiary is
                        $108,000 (2023: $104,000).
                        A description of the Board Audit Committee’s pre-approval policies and procedures are set out in Assurance and Control in the
                        Corporate Governance Statement and included in the Report of the Directors.




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                        information




                                                                                                                                                                       2024 Annual Report        251
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 35
                        Equity-based plans

                           Accounting policy
                           The value of shares and rights provided to employees are measured by reference to their grant date fair value. The grant date fair value of each share is determined by the market
                           value of NAB shares and is generally a five-day weighted average share price. The grant date fair value of shares and rights with market performance hurdles is determined using a
                           simulated version of the Black-Scholes model.
                           With the exception of general employee shares in Australia, the expense for each tranche of shares or rights granted is recognised in the income statement on a straight-line basis,




For personal use only
                           adjusted for forfeitures, over the vesting period for the shares or rights. The expense for general employee shares in Australia is recognised in the income statement in the year the
                           shares are granted as they are not subject to forfeiture. A corresponding increase is recorded in the equity-based compensation reserve.

                           Critical accounting judgements and estimates
                           The key estimates and inputs used in the Black-Scholes model vary depending on the award and type of security granted. They include the NAB share price at the time of the grant,
                           exercise price of the rights (which is nil), the expected volatility of NAB’s share price, the risk-free interest rate and the expected dividend yield on NAB shares for the life of the rights.
                           When estimating expected volatility, historic daily share prices are analysed to arrive at annual and cumulative historic volatility estimates (which may be adjusted for any abnormal
                           periods or non-recurring significant events). Trends in the data are analysed to estimate volatility movements in the future for use in the numeric pricing model. The simulated version
                           of the Black-Scholes model takes into account both the probability of achieving market performance conditions and the potential for early exercise of vested rights.
                           While market performance conditions are incorporated into the grant date fair values, non-market conditions are not taken into account when determining the fair value and expected
                           time to vesting of shares and rights. Instead, non-market conditions are taken into account by adjusting the number of shares and rights included in the measurement of the expense
                           so that the amount recognised in the income statement reflects the number of shares or rights that actually vest.



                        Under the Group’s employee equity plans, employees of the Group are awarded shares and rights. An employee’s right to participate in a plan is often dependent on their performance or the
                        performance of the Group, and shares and rights awarded under the plans are often subject to service and/or performance conditions.
                        Generally, a right entitles its holder to be allocated one share when the right vests and is exercised. However, under certain bespoke plans, a right entitles its holder to be allocated a number
                        of shares equal to a predetermined value on vesting and exercise of the right.
                        The Board determines the maximum total value of shares or rights offered under each plan having regard to the rules of the relevant plan and, where required, the method used in calculating
                        the fair value per security. Under ASX Listing Rules, shares and rights may not be issued to the Company's directors under an employee equity plan without specific shareholder approval.
                        Under the terms of most offers, there is a period during which shares are held on trust for the employee they are allocated to and cannot be dealt with, or rights granted to an employee
                        cannot be exercised, by that employee. There may be forfeiture or lapse conditions which apply to shares or rights allocated to an employee (as described below), including as a result of
                        the employee ceasing employment with the Group during those periods or conduct standards not being met. Shares allocated to employees are eligible for any cash dividends paid by the
                        Company on those shares from the time those shares are allocated to the trustee on their behalf. Rights granted to employees are not eligible for any cash dividends paid by the Company.
                        In some limited circumstances, there may be a cash dividend equivalent payment made in the event that rights vest.
                        The table below sets out details of the Group’s employee equity plans that are offered on a regular basis. As noted above, the Group also offers bespoke plans in certain circumstances,
                        including in connection with material transactions, as a retention mechanism and to encourage the achievement of certain specific business growth targets.




                        252   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 35 Equity-based plans (cont.)

                                                                 Long-term Variable       Long-term Incentive
                                                                Reward (LTVR) (Up to      (LTI) - LTEA and LTVR        Annual Equity           Commencement               Recognition/              General
                                       Variable Reward (VR)     30 September 2023)       (From 1 October 2023)          Award (AEA)               awards                Retention awards         employee shares
                         Description   A proportion of an       LTVRs (including         LTI consists of two       Annual awards of          Provided to enable       Offered to key           Shares up to a
                                       employee’s annual VR     prior year Long-         equally weighted          deferred shares           the buy-out of equity    individuals in roles     target value of
                                       is provided in equity    term Incentive (LTI)     components:               under the AEA to          or other incentives      where retention          $1,000 are offered to
                                       and is deferred for a    grants) are awarded      Long-term Equity          create shareholder        from an employee’s       is critical over         eligible employees.
                                       specified period. The    to encourage long-       Award (LTEA) -            alignment, drive          previous employment.     the medium-term
                                       deferred amount and      term decision-making     Represents the non-       continued sustainable                              (generally between




For personal use only
                                       the deferral period      critical to creating     financial measure         performance and                                    two and three years).
                                       is different based       long-term value          component of LTI,         emphasise focus on
                                       on the incentive         for shareholders         focused on risk. It       risk management and
                                       plan participated in,    through the use of       is awarded to ensure      good conduct and
                                       and the level of         challenging long-term    risk management is        behaviour outcomes.
                                       risk, responsibility     performance hurdles.     front of mind in making   Deferred shares are
                                       and seniority of                                  long-term decisions       subject to restrictions
                                       the employees.                                    and encourage the         and certain forfeiture
                                       VR was referred to as                             creation of safe,         or lapsing conditions,
                                       ‘short-term incentive’                            sustainable growth in     including forfeiture or
                                       before the 2019                                   shareholder value.        lapsing on resignation
                                       financial year.                                                             from the Group, or
                                                                                         Long-term Variable        if conduct standards
                                                                                         Reward (LTVR) -           are not met.
                                                                                         Represents the
                                                                                         financial measure
                                                                                         component of LTI.
                                                                                         It is awarded
                                                                                         to encourage long-
                                                                                         term decision-making
                                                                                         critical to creating
                                                                                         long-term value
                                                                                         for shareholders.
                         Eligibility   Certain employees        The ELT up to and        The ELT from              Certain employees         Provided on a case       Provided on a case       Permanent employees
                                       based in Australia       including the 2023       the 2024 financial        appointed to Group 5      by case basis, with      by case basis, with      in Australia.
                                       and certain              financial year (except   year onwards,             and 6 roles based in      the recommendation       the recommendation
                                       overseas jurisdictions   for the 2018 financial   subject to pre-           Australia and certain     of the People            of the People
                                       having regard to         year when no LTVRs       grant assessments         overseas jurisdictions.   & Remuneration           & Remuneration
                                       their individual         were awarded).           undertaken by                                       Committee and the        Committee and the
                                       performance and                                   the Board.                                          approval of the Board.   approval of the Board.
                                       the performance of
                                       the Group.




                                                                                                                                                                                                 2024 Annual Report    253
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 35 Equity-based plans (cont.)

                                                                         Long-term Variable       Long-term Incentive
                                                                        Reward (LTVR) (Up to      (LTI) - LTEA and LTVR       Annual Equity           Commencement                Recognition/               General
                                                Variable Reward (VR)    30 September 2023)       (From 1 October 2023)         Award (AEA)               awards                 Retention awards          employee shares
                         Type of            Generally shares.           Performance rights.      Performance rights.      Generally shares.         Generally shares.         Generally shares.         Shares.
                         equity-            However, rights are                                                                                     However, rights are       However, rights are
                         based              also granted for                                                                                        also granted in           also granted in
                         payment            jurisdictional reasons.                                                                                 some circumstances.       some circumstances.
                         Service            Deferred shares or          During the vesting       During the               Deferred shares are       Shares or rights are      Shares or rights are      Shares are subject
                         conditions         rights are forfeited        period, all of           performance period       subject to restrictions   subject to restrictions   subject to restrictions   to restrictions on




For personal use only
                         and                or lapsed during the        an executive’s           and post-vesting         and certain forfeiture    and certain forfeiture    and certain forfeiture    dealing for three years
                         performance        vesting period if:          performance rights       deferral period, all     or lapsing conditions,    or lapsing conditions,    or lapsing conditions,    and are not subject
                         hurdles            •     The                   will lapse on            of an executive’s        including forfeiture or   including forfeiture or   including forfeiture or   to forfeiture.
                                                  employee resigns.     the executive’s          performance rights       lapsing on resignation    lapsing on resignation    lapsing on resignation
                                                                        resignation from the     will lapse on            from the Group, or        from the Group or         from the Group or
                                            •     The employee          Group. Performance       the executive’s          if conduct standards      if conduct standards      if conduct standards
                                                  does not meet         rights will also lapse   resignation from         are not met.              are not met.              are not met.
                                                  conduct standards.    if conduct standards     the Group.
                                            •     The employee's        or performance           Performance rights
                                                  employment with       hurdles are not          will also lapse if
                                                  the Group             met. The Board has       risk management,
                                                  is terminated,        absolute discretion      conduct standards
                                                  subject to            to determine             or performance
                                                  certain exclusions.   vesting or lapsing       hurdles are not
                                                                        outcomes for the         met. The Board has
                                                                        performance rights.      absolute discretion
                                                                                                 to determine
                                                                                                 vesting or lapsing
                                                                                                 outcomes for the
                                                                                                 performance rights.




                        254   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 35 Equity-based plans (cont.)

                                                                          Long-term Variable       Long-term Incentive
                                                                         Reward (LTVR) (Up to      (LTI) - LTEA and LTVR           Annual Equity           Commencement                Recognition/             General
                                              Variable Reward (VR)       30 September 2023)       (From 1 October 2023)             Award (AEA)               awards                 Retention awards        employee shares
                         Vesting,         Defined period which          Defined period set        Defined performance        Defined period set         Defined period set         Defined period set at   Three years.
                         performance      differs based on the          at time of grant,         period of four years,      at time of grant.          at time of grant,          time of grant.
                         or deferral      VR plan participated          generally between         followed by a further      Deferred Shares vest       based on satisfactory
                         period           in and the employee's         four and five years.      two years (for CEO) or     in equal tranches over     evidence of foregone
                                          seniority. The period                                   one year (all other ELT)   three years.               awards from
                                          aligns with the level                                   restriction period.                                   previous employment.




For personal use only
                                          of risk, impact of                                      A risk and conduct
                                          the role on business                                    assessment will be
                                          performance and                                         undertaken by the
                                          results and regulatory                                  Board prior to vesting.
                                          requirements. The
                                          vesting period will
                                          generally be between
                                          one and seven years.
                         Exercise         If the applicable             Performance rights        Performance rights         n/a                        If the applicable          If the applicable       n/a
                         period (only     conditions are met,           will be automatically     will be automatically                                 conditions are met,        conditions are met,
                         applicable for   deferred rights will          exercised if they vest.   exercised if they vest.                               rights will vest and       rights will vest and
                         rights)          vest and each right will                                                                                      each right will be         each right will be
                                          be automatically                                                                                              automatically              automatically
                                          exercised.                                                                                                    exercised.                 exercised.
                                          n/a for share grants.                                                                                         n/a for share grants.      n/a for share grants.
                         Board            The Board regularly reviews Group performance for risk, reputation, conduct and performance considerations and has the ability to:                               n/a
                         discretion       •     Extend the vesting, performance or deferral period beyond the original period for the ELT, other Accountable Persons and, in certain circumstances,
                                                other employees.
                                          •     Forfeit or lapse the deferred shares or rights.
                                          •     Clawback the deferred shares or rights from the ELT, other Accountable Persons and in certain circumstances, other employees.
                                          In addition, the Board generally has discretion to determine the treatment of unvested shares and rights at the time a change of control event occurs.
                                          Vesting of shares and rights will not be automatic or accelerated and the Board will retain discretion in relation to the vesting outcome including absolute
                                          discretion to forfeit all shares and rights.




                                                                                                                                                                                                             2024 Annual Report   255
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 35 Equity-based plans (cont.)

                        Employee share plan

                                                                                                                                                                                             2024                                                   2023
                                                                                                                                                                               Fully paid                                              Fully paid
                                                                                                                                                                         ordinary shares          Weighted average               ordinary shares          Weighted average
                                                                                                                                                                          granted during                grant date                granted during                grant date
                                                                                                                                                                                the year                 fair value                     the year                 fair value
                                                                                                                                                                                         No.                           $                         No.                           $




For personal use only
                         Employee share plans
                         Variable reward deferred shares                                                                                                                         2,791,448                         27.88                  2,666,264                        30.60
                         Commencement and recognition shares                                                                                                                        302,673                        33.10                    235,641                        30.23
                         General employee shares                                                                                                                                    827,475                        29.71                    747,328                        30.71
                         Annual Equity Award shares                                                                                                                                 908,428                        29.01                    771,935                        29.11


                        The closing market price of NAB shares as at 30 September 2024 was $37.35 (2023: $29.07). The volume weighted average share price during the year ended 30 September 2024 was $33.26
                        (2023: $28.86).

                        Rights movements

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               2024                        2023
                         Number of rights
                         Opening balance as at 1 October                                                                                                                                                                                 3,846,620                    2,935,432
                         Granted(1)                                                                                                                                                                                                      1,253,851                    1,194,372
                         Forfeited(1)                                                                                                                                                                                                     (204,536)                    (116,286)
                         Exercised                                                                                                                                                                                                        (583,089)                    (166,898)
                         Closing balance as at 30 September                                                                                                                                                                              4,312,846                    3,846,620
                         Exercisable as at 30 September                                                                                                                                                                                             -                          -
                         (1) Where rights have been allocated or forfeited to a predetermined value, the total number granted or forfeited has been estimated using a share price of $33.26, being the volume weighted average share price of NAB shares during the financial year
                             ended 30 September 2024 (2023: $28.86).


                                                                                                                                                                                             2024                                                   2023
                                                                                                                                                                          Outstanding at          Weighted average                Outstanding at          Weighted average
                                                                                                                                                                                 30 Sep               remaining life                     30 Sep               remaining life
                                                                                                                                                                                         No.                   months                            No.                   months
                         Terms and conditions
                         Market hurdle                                                                                                                                           2,886,199                            18                  2,867,981                           23
                         Non-market hurdle      (1)
                                                                                                                                                                                    427,505                           46                    211,210                            8
                         Individual hurdle(1)                                                                                                                                       999,142                           18                    767,429                           17
                         (1) Where rights have been allocated or forfeited to a predetermined value, the total number granted or forfeited has been estimated using a share price of $33.26, being the volume weighted average share price of NAB shares during the financial year
                             ended 30 September 2024 (2023: $28.86).




                        256   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 35 Equity-based plans (cont.)

                        Information on fair value calculation
                        The table below shows the significant assumptions used as inputs into the grant date fair value calculation of rights granted during each of the last two years. In the following table, values
                        have been presented as weighted averages, but the specific values for each grant are used for the fair value calculation. The table also shows a ‘no hurdle’ value for rights that do not have
                        any market-based performance hurdles attached. The 'no hurdle' value is calculated as the grant date fair value of the rights, and in most instances is adjusted for expected dividends over
                        the vesting period.

                                                                                                                                                                                            2024                    2023




For personal use only
                         Weighted average values
                         Contractual life (years)                                                                                                                                             3.4                        3.3
                         Risk-free interest rate (per annum) (%)                                                                                                                             3.87                    3.45
                         Expected volatility of share price (%)                                                                                                                                15                        31
                         Closing share price on grant date ($)                                                                                                                              31.30                   30.12
                         Dividend yield (per annum) (%)                                                                                                                                      5.31                    5.00
                         Fair value of rights with a market hurdle ($)                                                                                                                      18.40                   11.62
                         Fair value of rights without a market hurdle ($)                                                                                                                   25.72                   27.35
                         Expected time to vesting (years)                                                                                                                                    3.39                    3.18




                                                                                                                                                                                                    2024 Annual Report     257
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 36
                        Capital adequacy
                        As an ADI, the Company is subject to regulation by APRA under the authority of the Banking Act 1959 (Cth). APRA has set minimum
                        Prudential Capital Requirements (PCR) for ADIs consistent with the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision capital adequacy
                        framework. PCR are expressed as a percentage of total RWA. APRA requirements are summarised below:

                         CET1 capital                              Tier 1 capital                                 Total capital
                         CET1 capital ranks behind the claims      CET1 capital plus AT1 capital. AT1             Tier 1 capital plus Tier 2 capital. Tier 2
                         of depositors and other creditors in      capital comprises high quality components      capital comprises other components of
                         the event of winding-up of the issuer,    of capital that satisfy the following          capital that, to varying degrees, do not
                         absorbs losses as and when they           essential characteristics:                     meet the requirements of Tier 1 capital
                         occur, has full flexibility of dividend   •   Provide a permanent and unrestricted       but nonetheless contribute to the overall
                         payments and has no maturity date.            commitment of funds,                       strength of an ADI and its capacity to
                         CET1 capital consists of the sum                                                         absorb losses.
                         of paid-up ordinary share capital,        •   are freely available to absorb losses,
                         retained profits plus certain other       •   rank behind the claims of depositors and
                         items as defined in APS 111 Capital           other more senior creditors in the event
                         Adequacy: Measurement of Capital.             of winding up of the issuer,
                                                                   •   provide for fully discretionary
                                                                       capital distributions.


                        Reporting levels




For personal use only
                        Regulatory capital requirements are measured on a Level 1 and Level 2 basis. Level 1 comprises the Company and Extended
                        Licenced Entities approved by APRA. Level 2 comprises the Company and the entities it controls, excluding securitisation special
                        purpose vehicles (SPVs) to which assets have been transferred in accordance with the requirements for regulatory capital relief
                        in APS 120 Securitisation and funds management entities.

                        APRA minimum requirements
                        APRA’s revised capital framework has applied since 1 January 2023. Under this framework, APRA’s minimum PCR as a percentage
                        of the ADI’s total RWA are: 4.5% of RWA for CET1 capital, 6% for Tier 1 capital and 8% for Total Capital. To comply with APRA’s Loss
                        Absorbing Capacity requirements, domestic systemically important banks (which includes the Company) are required to hold an
                        additional 3% of Total Capital from 1 January 2024 and 4.5% of Total Capital from 1 January 2026.
                        An ADI must hold a capital conservation buffer above the PCR for CET1 capital. The capital conservation buffer is 3.75% of the ADI’s
                        total RWA. As a D-SIB in Australia, the Group is also required to hold an additional buffer of 1% in CET1 capital.
                        In addition, APRA requires the Group to hold a countercyclical capital buffer set on a jurisdictional basis, with a default setting of
                        1% for Australia.
                        APRA may determine higher PCRs for an ADI and may change an ADI’s PCRs at any time. A breach of the required ratios under APRA's
                        prudential standards may trigger legally enforceable directions by APRA, which can include a direction to raise additional capital.

                        Capital Management
                        The Group’s capital management strategy is focused on adequacy, efficiency and flexibility. The capital adequacy objective
                        seeks to ensure sufficient capital is held in excess of regulatory requirements, and within the Group’s balance sheet risk
                        appetite. This approach is consistent across the Group’s subsidiaries.
                        Capital ratios are monitored against operating targets that are set by the Board above minimum capital requirements set
                        by APRA.
                        The Group’s capital ratio operating targets are regularly reviewed in the context of the external economic and regulatory outlook
                        with the objective of maintaining balance sheet strength.
                        The Group’s CET1 target range remains at 11.00-11.50%.




                        258   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 37
                        Notes to the statement of cash flows
                        Reconciliation of net profit attributable to owners the Company to net cash provided by / (used in) operating activities


                                                                                                                                                                  About
                                                                                                        Group                      Company
                                                                                                    2024          2023           2024            2023
                                                                                                      $m            $m             $m              $m          this report
                         Net profit attributable to owners of the Company                           6,960         7,414          6,894         12,012
                         Add / (deduct) non-cash items in the income statement:
                          (Increase) in interest receivable                                         (210)        (1,086)         (194)           (995)
                          Increase in interest payable                                               964          2,717           807            2,339

                                                                                                                                                               Our business
                          Increase in unearned income and deferred net fee income                    552           381            594              419
                          Fair value movements on assets, liabilities and derivatives held at

                                                                                                                                                                  in 2024
                          fair value                                                                (872)         3,482          (836)           2,879
                          Increase in provisions                                                    1,080          834           1,005             813
                          Equity-based compensation recognised in equity or reserves                 149           131            149              131
                          Superannuation costs - defined benefit plans                                 (5)           (2)            (7)                (2)
                          Impairment losses on non-financial assets                                   10            13             11                 14




                                                                                                                                                                 Creating value




For personal use only
                          Credit impairment charge                                                   836           895            709              727
                          Gain on disposal of loans and advances                                       (2)            -             (2)                 -
                          Depreciation and amortisation expense                                     1,310         1,214          1,058             927
                          (Increase) / decrease in other assets                                       93           150               1          (5,430)
                          Increase / (decrease) in other liabilities                                (100)          (293)           94                  (8)
                          Increase / (decrease) in income tax payable                                 80            77             (96)            289
                          (Increase) in deferred tax assets                                         (212)          (109)         (180)           (134)

                                                                                                                                                               Corporate
                          Increase in deferred tax liabilities                                        59              8            15                 11
                         Operating cash flow items not included in profit                         (46,176)      (42,474)       (42,339)        (39,141)
                         Investing or financing cash flows included in profit
                                                                                                                                                              Governance
                          (Gain) on sale of controlled entities, before income tax                  (407)           (29)            (2)               (29)     Statement
                          (Gain) / loss on sale of other debt and equity instruments                  97            (32)           97                 (32)
                          (Gain) / loss on sale of property, plant, equipment and other assets        13            10             14                  (1)
                         Net cash provided by / (used in) operating activities                    (35,781)      (26,699)       (32,208)        (25,211)


                                                                                                                                                                  Risk

                                                                                                                                                               management




                                                                                                                                                                 Report of

                                                                                                                                                               the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                Additional

                                                                                                                                                               information




                                                                                                                                 2024 Annual Report     259
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 37 Notes to the statement of cash flows (cont.)

                        Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                 Group                                          Company
                                                              Bonds‚ notes and              Debt     Lease       Bonds‚ notes and           Debt     Lease
                                                             subordinated debt            issues liabilities    subordinated debt         issues liabilities
                                                                             At                                                 At
                                                            At fair   amortised                                At fair   amortised
                                                             value         cost                                 value         cost
                                                               $m             $m             $m         $m        $m            $m           $m         $m
                         Balance as at 1 October 2022       15,061        119,283          7,318      2,238     4,479       109,674        7,318      1,978
                         Cash flows
                           Proceeds from issue               1,466         41,361          1,243          -        78        38,870        1,243          -
                           Repayments                       (3,325)       (27,819)             -       (328)      (93)      (26,844)           -       (284)
                         Non-cash changes
                           Additions to lease liabilities        -               -             -        333         -               -          -        120
                           Fair value changes, including
                           fair value hedge adjustments        (99)          (817)             -          -      (159)         (623)           -          -
                           Foreign currency translation




For personal use only
                           and other adjustments               638          3,637              -         16        66         3,252            -          2
                         Balance as at
                         30 September 2023                  13,741        135,645          8,561      2,259     4,371       124,329        8,561      1,816
                         Cash flows
                           Proceeds from issue                 960        41,823           1,000          -       187       37,468         1,000          -
                           Repayments                       (4,997)      (21,641)              -       (321)    (128)      (20,606)            -       (283)
                         Non-cash changes
                           Additions to lease liabilities        -               -             -        142         -               -          -         78
                           Fair value changes, including
                           fair value hedge adjustments        979         4,614               -          -       723        2,952             -          -
                           Foreign currency translation
                           and other adjustments             (396)        (4,147)             (1)        (8)    (268)       (3,587)           (1)        (2)
                         Balance as at
                         30 September 2024                  10,287       156,294           9,560      2,072     4,885      140,556         9,560      1,609




                        260   National Australia Bank
                        Notes to the financial statements

                        Note 37 Notes to the statement of cash flows (cont.)

                        Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents
                        For the purposes of the cash flow statement, cash and cash equivalents includes cash and liquid assets and amounts due from

                                                                                                                                                                     About
                        other banks (including reverse repurchase agreements and short-term government securities) net of amounts due to other
                        banks that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash within three months.

                                                                                                                                                                  this report
                        Cash and cash equivalents as shown in the cash flow statement is reconciled to the related items on the balance sheet
                        as follows:

                                                                                                                   Group                   Company
                                                                                                                2024         2023        2024         2023
                                                                                                                 $m           $m          $m           $m

                                                                                                                                                                  Our business
                         Assets
                         Cash and liquid assets                                                                2,499       24,699       2,318       23,959

                                                                                                                                                                     in 2024
                         Treasury and other eligible bills                                                       275           53            -             -
                         Due from other banks (excluding mandatory deposits with supervisory
                         central banks)                                                                       22,523       28,114      17,164       17,772
                         Total cash and cash equivalent assets                                                25,297       52,866      19,482       41,731
                         Liabilities




                                                                                                                                                                    Creating value




For personal use only
                         Due to other banks                                                                   (6,461)      (12,277)    (5,337)       (9,950)
                         Total cash and cash equivalents                                                      18,836       40,589      14,145       31,781


                        Non-cash investing activities
                        In the 2023 financial year, the Company received a dividend of $5.4 billion from National Equities Limited (following a dividend
                        payment by BNZ) which was reinvested into additional ordinary shares. These transactions were settled on a net basis and no
                        cash was transferred. As these are transactions between entities within the Group they are eliminated in full upon consolidation.


                        Note 38                                                                                                                                   Corporate
                        Events subsequent to reporting date                                                                                                      Governance
                        There are no items, transactions or events of a material or unusual nature that have arisen in the interval between 30 September          Statement
                        2024 and the date of this report that, in the opinion of the directors, have significantly affected or may significantly affect the
                        operations of the Group, the results of those operations or the state of affairs of the Group in future years.




                                                                                                                                                                     Risk

                                                                                                                                                                  management




                                                                                                                                                                    Report of

                                                                                                                                                                  the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                   Additional

                                                                                                                                                                  information




                                                                                                                                      2024 Annual Report   261
                        Consolidated entity disclosure statement

                        Below is the Group consolidated entity disclosure statement as required by s295(3A) of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).

                                                                                                   Body Corporates                    Tax residency(1)


                                                                                          Place formed        % of share
                                                                                          or                  capital       Australian        Foreign
                         Entity name                                     Entity type      incorporated        held          or foreign        jurisdiction
                         National Australia Bank Limited                 Body corporate   Australia                  N/A    Australian        N/A
                         86 400 Holdings Ltd                             Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         86 400 Pty Ltd                                  Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         86 400 Technology Pty Ltd                       Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         Advantedge Financial Services Holdings
                         Pty Ltd                                         Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         Advantedge Financial Services Pty Ltd           Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         AFSH Nominees Pty Ltd                           Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         Apogee Financial Planning Pty Ltd               Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         Bank of New Zealand                             Body corporate   New Zealand                100%   Foreign           New Zealand
                         BNZ Branch Properties Limited




For personal use only
                                                                         Body Corporate   New Zealand                100%   Foreign           New Zealand
                         BNZ Equity Investment No. 2 Limited             Body Corporate   New Zealand                100%   Foreign           New Zealand
                         BNZ Facilities Management Limited               Body Corporate   New Zealand                100%   Foreign           New Zealand
                         BNZ InterNational Funding Limited               Body Corporate   New Zealand                100%   Foreign           New Zealand
                         BNZ Investments Limited                         Body Corporate   New Zealand                100%   Foreign           New Zealand
                         BNZ Property Investments Limited                Body Corporate   New Zealand                100%   Foreign           New Zealand
                         Diners Club Pty Limited                         Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         Equity Management Unit Holdings Pty Ltd         Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         GPL (VIC) Pty Ltd                               Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         GWM Adviser Services Pty Ltd                    Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         HICAPS Pty Ltd                                  Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         Invia Custodian Pty. Limited                    Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         JBWere (NZ) Holdings Limited                    Body corporate   New Zealand                100%   Foreign           New Zealand
                         JBWere Ltd                                      Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         Lantern Claims Pty. Limited                     Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         Medfin Australia Pty Limited                    Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         Meritum Financial Group Pty Ltd                 Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         NAB Global Innovation Centre India
                         Private Limited                                 Body corporate   India                      100%   Foreign           India
                         NAB Investments Limited                         Body corporate   United Kingdom             100%   Foreign           United Kingdom
                         NAB Japan Securities Limited                    Body corporate   Japan                      100%   Foreign           Japan
                         NAB Properties Australia Pty Ltd                Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         NABSecurities LLC(2)                            Body corporate   United States              100%   Foreign           United States
                         NAB Trust Services Limited(3)                   Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         NAB Ventures Pty Limited                        Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         National Australia Bank Europe S.A.             Body corporate   France                     100%   Foreign           France
                         National Australia Corporate Services
                         Pty Ltd                                         Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         National Australia Finance (Commercial
                         Leasing) Limited                                Body corporate   United Kingdom             100%   Foreign           United Kingdom
                         National Australia Finance (Europe
                         Holdings) Limited                               Body corporate   United Kingdom             100%   Foreign           United Kingdom
                         National Australia Finance (Infrastructure
                         Leasing No 2) Limited                           Body corporate   United Kingdom             100%   Foreign           United Kingdom
                         National Australia Funding (Delaware) Inc.      Body corporate   United States              100%   Foreign           United States
                         National Australia Group (NZ) Limited           Body corporate   New Zealand                100%   Foreign           New Zealand
                         National Australia Investment Capital Pty Ltd   Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         National Australia Managers Limited             Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         National Equities Limited                       Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         National Margin Services Pty Ltd                Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         National Nominees Limited                       Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A
                         Nautilus Insurance Pte Limited                  Body corporate   Singapore                  100%   Foreign           Singapore
                         NBA Properties Pty Ltd                          Body corporate   Australia                  100%   Australian        N/A


                        262   National Australia Bank
                        Consolidated entity disclosure statement

                                                                                                                        Body Corporates                               Tax residency(1)



                                                                                                                                                                                                               About
                                                                                                              Place formed              % of share
                                                                                                              or                        capital             Australian           Foreign
                        Entity name                                                 Entity type               incorporated              held                or foreign           jurisdiction
                        NMS Nominees Pty Ltd                                        Body corporate            Australia                          100%       Australian           N/A                        this report
                        Partown Pty. Limited                                        Body corporate            Australia                          100%       Australian           N/A
                        Sapient Pty Limited                                         Body corporate            Australia                          100%       Australian           N/A
                        Tasovac Pty Limited                                         Body corporate            Australia                          100%       Australian           N/A
                        The Deep in Hull Limited                                    Body corporate            United Kingdom                     100%       Foreign              United Kingdom

                                                                                                                                                                                                            Our business
                        Vietnam Software Development Center
                        Co., Ltd                                                    Body corporate            Vietnam                            100%       Foreign              Vietnam


                                                                                                                                                                                                               in 2024
                        Wealthhub Securities Limited                                Body corporate            Australia                          100%       Australian           N/A
                        Wealthhub Securities Nominees Pty Limited                   Body corporate            Australia                          100%       Australian           N/A
                        BNZ Covered Bond Trust                                      Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Foreign              New Zealand
                        BNZ Term Pie Unit Trust                                     Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Foreign              New Zealand
                        BNZ RMBS Trust Series 2008-1                                Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Foreign              New Zealand




                                                                                                                                                                                                              Creating value




For personal use only
                        CBSS Millennium Series BB Trust                             Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Australian           N/A
                        Foxtel Receivables Trust                                    Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Australian(4)        N/A
                        NAB Covered Bond Trust                                      Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Australian           N/A
                        Securitised Australian Mortgage
                        Trust 2017-1                                                Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Australian           N/A
                        National RMBS Trust 2012-1                                  Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Australian           N/A
                        National RMBS Trust 2015-2                                  Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Australian           N/A
                        National RMBS Trust 2016-1                                  Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Australian           N/A
                        National RMBS Trust 2018-1                                  Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Australian           N/A                        Corporate
                        National RMBS Trust 2018-2                                  Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Australian           N/A                       Governance
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Statement
                        National RMBS Trust 2022-1                                  Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Australian           N/A
                        National RMBS Trust 2023-1                                  Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Australian           N/A
                        National RMBS Trust 2024-1                                  Trust                     N/A                                 N/A       Australian           N/A
                        Entities in liquidation
                        Custom Credit Corporation Ltd                               Body corporate            Australia                          100%       Australian           N/A

                                                                                                                                                                                                               Risk
                        Custom Credit Holdings Ltd                                  Body corporate            Australia                          100%       Australian           N/A
                        NAB Europe Limited                                          Body corporate            United Kingdom                     100%       Foreign              United Kingdom

                                                                                                                                                                                                            management
                        National Australia Finance (Vessel Leasing
                        No 1) Limited                                               Body corporate            United Kingdom                     100%       Foreign              United Kingdom
                        National Australia Finance (Vessel Leasing
                        No 5) Limited                                               Body corporate            United Kingdom                     100%       Foreign              United Kingdom
                        National Australia Finance (Vessel Leasing
                        No 6) Limited                                               Body corporate            United Kingdom                     100%       Foreign              United Kingdom


                                                                                                                                                                                                              Report of
                        National Australia Finance (Vessel
                        Leasing) Limited                                            Body corporate            United Kingdom                     100%       Foreign              United Kingdom


                                                                                                                                                                                                            the Directors
                        National OBU Pty Limited                                    Body corporate            Australia                          100%       Australian           N/A
                        National Wealth Management International
                        Holdings Pty Ltd                                            Body corporate            Australia                          100%       Australian           N/A
                        Nautilus NAB Limited                                        Body corporate            Ireland                            100%       Foreign              Ireland
                        Plan Australia Operations Pty. Ltd.                         Body corporate            Australia                          100%       Australian           N/A




                                                                                                                                                                                                              Financial report
                        The Bank of Victoria                                        Body corporate            Australia                          100%       Australian           N/A
                        Titan Securitisation Limited                                Body corporate            Australia                            0%(5)    Australian(4)        N/A
                        (1) All Australian entities are part of the NAB tax consolidated group unless otherwise stated.
                        (2) The entity is a disregarded entity for U.S. Federal tax purposes and is not a U.S. Person. However income of the entity is incorporated into the tax calculation of NAB’s US
                            branch for the purposes of Federal Income Tax and State and local taxes.
                        (3) This entity also acts as trustee for Foxtel Receivables Trust.
                        (4) This entity is not part of the NAB tax consolidated group.
                        (5) This entity is consolidated as it is controlled by the NAB Group.




                                                                                                                                                                                                             Additional

                                                                                                                                                                                                            information




                                                                                                                                                                           2024 Annual Report       263
                        Directors' declaration

                        The directors of National Australia Bank Limited declare that:
                        (a) in the opinion of the directors, the financial statements and notes for the year ended 30 September 2024, as set out on
                            pages 167 to 261, are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), including:
                            (i) in compliance with Australian Accounting Standards (including Australian Accounting Interpretations), International
                                Financial Reporting Standards as stated in Note 1 Basis of preparation, and any further requirements of the Corporations
                                Regulations 2001; and
                              (ii) give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Company and the Group as at 30 September 2024, and of the
                                   performance of the Company and the Group for the year ended 30 September 2024.
                        (b) in the opinion of the directors, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and
                            when they become due and payable.
                        (c) the directors have been given the declarations required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) for the year
                            ended 30 September 2024.
                        (d) the consolidated entity disclosure statement, as required by Section 295(3A) of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and as set
                            out on pages 262 to 263, is true and correct.
                        Signed in accordance with a resolution of the directors.




For personal use only
                         Philip Chronican                                                    Andrew Irvine
                         Chair                                                               Group Chief Executive Officer
                         7 November 2024                                                     7 November 2024




                        264    National Australia Bank
                                                                       Ernst & Young
                                                                       8 Exhibition Street                Tel: +61 3 9288 8000
                                                                       Melbourne VIC 3000 Australia       Fax: +61 3 8650 7777
                                                                       GPO Box 67, Melbourne VIC 3001     ey.com/au

                                                                                                                                          About

                                                                                                                                       this report




                        Independent auditor’s report to the Members of National
                                                                                                                                       Our business
                        Australia Bank Limited
                                                                                                                                          in 2024
                        Report on the audit of the Financial Report
                        Opinion



                                                                                                                                         Creating value
                        We have audited the Financial Report of National Australia Bank Limited (the Company) and its




For personal use only
                        subsidiaries (collectively the Group), which comprises:

                              The Group consolidated and Company balance sheets as at 30 September 2024;

                              The Group consolidated and Company income statements, statements of comprehensive income,
                              statements of cash flows and statements of changes in equity for the year then ended;

                              Notes to the financial statements, including material accounting policy information;                     Corporate
                                                                                                                                      Governance
                              The consolidated entity disclosure statement; and
                                                                                                                                       Statement
                              The Directors’ declaration.

                        In our opinion, the accompanying Financial Report is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001,

                                                                                                                                          Risk
                        including:

                        a.    Giving a true and fair view of the Company’s and the Group’s balance sheets as at 30 September
                                                                                                                                       management
                              2024 and of their financial performance for the year ended on that date; and

                        b.    Complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                        Basis for opinion
                                                                                                                                         Report of
                        We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
                        those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the Financial
                                                                                                                                       the Directors
                        Report section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor
                        independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the
                        Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
                        Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the
                        Financial Report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with



                                                                                                                                         Financial report
                        the Code.

                        We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
                        our opinion.

                        Key audit matters
                        Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our
                        audit of the Financial Report of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our
                        audit of the Financial Report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide a           Additional

                                                                                                                                       information
                        separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed
                        the matter is provided in that context. The key audit matters identified below, unless otherwise stated,
                        relate to both the Company and the Group.
                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                        We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
                        Financial Report section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit
                        included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material
                        misstatement of the Financial Report. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures
                        performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying
                        Financial Report.

                         Why significant                                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                         Provision for credit impairment




For personal use only
                         As at 30 September 2024 the Group has a provision for                    Our audit procedures included the following:
                         credit impairment of $5,921 million as disclosed in Note
                         17 Provision for credit impairment on loans at amortised                 We assessed the alignment of the Group’s ECL model and its
                         cost. The provision for credit impairment is measured in                 underlying methodology against the requirements of AASB 9.
                         accordance with the requirements of AASB 9 Financial
                         Instruments (AASB 9).                                                    In conjunction with our actuarial and economic specialists, we
                                                                                                  assessed the following for exposures evaluated on a collective
                         Key areas of significant judgment included:                              basis:
                            the application of the impairment requirements of                         significant modelling and macroeconomic assumptions,
                            AASB 9 within the expected credit loss (ECL)                              including the reasonableness of forward-looking
                            methodology;                                                              information and scenarios;
                            the identification of exposures with a significant increase               the determination of significant increase in credit risk;
                            in credit risk;                                                           the appropriateness and sensitivity of collective
                            assumptions used in ECL models (for exposures assessed                    provisions to changes in ECL measurement methodology
                            on an individual or collective basis); and                                and modelling assumptions;
                            forward-looking provisions held to reflect the impact of                  the mathematical accuracy of management’s model; and
                            current and anticipated external factors, including                       the basis for and data used to determine forward-looking
                            multiple economic scenarios and the weightings applied                    adjustments.
                            for each of these scenarios.
                                                                                                  We assessed a sample of exposures on an individual basis by:
                         This was a key audit matter due to the value of the provision,              assessing the reasonableness and timeliness of internal
                         and the degree of judgment and estimation uncertainty                       credit quality assessments based on the borrowers’
                         associated with the provision calculation.                                  particular circumstances; and
                                                                                                     evaluating the associated provisions by assessing the
                                                                                                     reasonableness of key inputs into the credit impairment
                                                                                                     calculation, focusing on high-risk industries, work out
                                                                                                     strategies, collateral values, and the value and timing of
                                                                                                     recoveries.

                                                                                                  In conjunction with our IT and actuarial specialists, we
                                                                                                  assessed the effectiveness of relevant controls relating to:
                                                                                                      capture of data, including loan origination and
                                                                                                      transactional data, ongoing internal credit quality
                                                                                                      assessments, storage of data in data warehouses, and
                                                                                                      interfaces with the provision calculation engine;
                                                                                                      ongoing monitoring and validation of ECL models;
                                                                                                      review and approval of economic scenarios assumptions,
                                                                                                      and weightings.

                                                                                                  We assessed the processes used to identify and evaluate
                                                                                                  climate-related risks associated with the provision for credit
                                                                                                  impairment.

                                                                                                  We assessed the adequacy and appropriateness of the
                                                                                                  disclosures related to credit impairment within the Notes to
                                                                                                  the financial statements.




                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                                                                                                                                                    About

                                                                                                                                                                 this report



                         Why significant                                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter


                                                                                                                                                                 Our business
                         Impairment assessment of goodwill
                         The Group has recognised goodwill of $2,070 million as at                Our audit procedures included the following:


                                                                                                                                                                    in 2024
                         30 September 2024.
                                                                                                  We assessed the appropriateness of the CGUs identified to
                         As disclosed in Note 22 Goodwill and other intangible assets,            which goodwill was allocated.
                         the Group performs an annual impairment assessment, or
                         more frequently if there is an indication that goodwill may be           We assessed whether the VIU calculation methodology used
                         impaired. This involves a comparison of the carrying value of            by the Group for the impairment assessment of goodwill was
                         the cash generating unit (CGU) to which the goodwill has                 in accordance with the requirements of Australian




                                                                                                                                                                   Creating value




For personal use only
                         been attributed with its recoverable amount. Judgement is                Accounting Standards.
                         involved in assessing the CGUs identified by the Group.
                                                                                                  We agreed forecast cash flows to the most recent Board or
                         Recoverable amounts were determined using a value in use                 management approved cash flow forecasts and assessed the
                         (VIU) basis for all CGUs. The determination of recoverable               historical forecasting accuracy by performing a comparison
                         amounts incorporated a range of key assumptions,                         of recent forecasts to actual results.
                         including:
                             future cash flows;                                                   We involved our valuation specialists to assess the key
                             discount rate; and                                                   assumptions used in the impairment assessment, including
                                                                                                  future cash flow forecasts, discount rates and terminal
                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate
                             terminal growth rate.
                                                                                                  growth rates, and to test the mathematical accuracy of the

                                                                                                                                                                Governance
                         The impairment assessment of goodwill was a key audit                    impairment models.
                         matter due to the degree of estimation uncertainty
                         associated with the assumptions applied in the impairment                We assessed the Group’s current market capitalisation
                                                                                                                                                                 Statement
                         assessment.                                                              against the recoverable amount implied by the Group’s VIU
                                                                                                  calculation and benchmarked the implied valuation multiples
                                                                                                  to comparable company valuation multiples.

                                                                                                  We assessed the adequacy and appropriateness of the

                                                                                                                                                                    Risk
                                                                                                  disclosures related to the impairment assessment of
                                                                                                  goodwill within the Notes to the financial statements.


                                                                                                                                                                 management




                                                                                                                                                                   Report of

                                                                                                                                                                 the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                   Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                  Additional

                                                                                                                                                                 information

                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                         Why significant                                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                         Information Technology (IT) systems and controls over financial reporting
                         A significant part of the financial reporting process is                 Our audit procedures included the following:
                         primarily reliant on IT systems with automated processes
                         and controls relating to the capture, storage and extraction             We focused on those IT systems and controls that are
                         of a high volume of information.                                         significant to the financial reporting process.

                         A fundamental component of these IT systems and controls                 We involved our IT specialists, as audit procedures over IT
                         is ensuring that risks relating to inappropriate user access             systems and controls require specific expertise.
                         management, unauthorised program changes and IT




For personal use only
                         operating protocols are addressed.                                       We assessed the design, implementation, and operating
                                                                                                  effectiveness of IT controls, including those related to:
                         This was identified as a key audit matter as our audit                       General security settings and authentication
                         approach is dependent on the effective operation of the IT                   User access management and revalidation
                         controls.                                                                    Change and release management
                                                                                                      IT operations

                                                                                                  Where we identified design and/or operating deficiencies in
                                                                                                  the IT control environment, our audit procedures included
                                                                                                  the following:
                                                                                                      we assessed the integrity and reliability of the systems
                                                                                                      and data related to financial reporting; and
                                                                                                      where automated procedures were supported by
                                                                                                      systems with identified deficiencies, we either 1)
                                                                                                      assessed compensating or mitigating controls that were
                                                                                                      not reliant on the IT control environment, 2) performed
                                                                                                      direct testing of IT application controls and/or IT
                                                                                                      dependent manual controls, or 3) varied the nature,
                                                                                                      timing and extent of substantive procedures performed.




                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                                                                                                                        About

                                                                                                                                     this report



                        Information other than the Financial Report and auditor’s report thereon
                        The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
                        information included in the Company’s 2024 Annual Report, but does not include the Financial Report          Our business
                        and our auditor’s report thereon.
                                                                                                                                        in 2024
                        Our opinion on the Financial Report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not
                        express any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception of the Remuneration Report
                        and our related assurance opinion.




                                                                                                                                       Creating value




For personal use only
                        In connection with our audit of the Financial Report, our responsibility is to read the other information
                        and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the Financial
                        Report or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

                        If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
                        other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

                        Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report
                                                                                                                                     Corporate
                        The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of:
                                                                                                                                    Governance
                              The Financial Report (other than the consolidated entity disclosure statement) that gives a true       Statement
                              and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act
                              2001; and

                              The consolidated entity disclosure statement that is true and correct in accordance with the
                                                                                                                                        Risk
                              Corporations Act 2001; and


                                                                                                                                     management
                        for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of:

                              The Financial Report (other than the consolidated entity disclosure statement) that gives a true
                              and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and


                                                                                                                                       Report of
                              The consolidated entity disclosure statement that is true and correct and is free of misstatement,
                              whether due to fraud or error.

                        In preparing the Financial Report, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Company’s and             the Directors
                        Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters relating to going
                        concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate
                        the Company or Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.




                                                                                                                                       Financial report
                        Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report
                        Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Financial Report as a whole is
                        free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
                        includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
                        audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material
                        misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
                        if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
                                                                                                                                      Additional
                        decisions of users taken on the basis of this Financial Report.

                                                                                                                                     information

                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                        As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional
                        judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

                              Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Financial Report, whether due to
                              fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
                              evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not
                              detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
                              error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
                              override of internal control.




For personal use only
                              Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
                              procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
                              opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s or the Group’s internal control.

                              Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
                              estimates and related disclosures made by the Directors.

                              Conclude on the appropriateness of the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
                              and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to
                              events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s or Group’s ability to
                              continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to
                              draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the Financial Report or, if such
                              disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit
                              evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions
                              may cause the Company or the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

                              Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the Financial Report, including the
                              disclosures, and whether the Financial Report represents the underlying transactions and events
                              in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

                              Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
                              business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the Financial Report. We are
                              responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely
                              responsible for our audit opinion.

                        We communicate with the Directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
                        the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
                        identify during our audit.

                        We also provide the Directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
                        requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
                        matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions
                        taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

                        From the matters communicated to the Directors, we determine those matters that were of most
                        significance in the audit of the Financial Report of the current year and are therefore the key audit
                        matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
                        disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter
                        should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
                        reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                                                                                                                  About

                                                                                                                               this report



                        Report on the audit of the Remuneration Report
                        Opinion on the Remuneration Report                                                                     Our business

                                                                                                                                  in 2024
                        We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages 119 to 161 of the Directors’ report for
                        the year ended 30 September 2024.

                        In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of National Australia Bank Limited for the year ended 30
                        September 2024, complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.




                                                                                                                                 Creating value




For personal use only
                        Responsibilities
                        The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the
                        Remuneration Report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our
                        responsibility is to express an opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in
                        accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.


                                                                                                                               Corporate
                                                                                                                              Governance
                                                                                                                               Statement
                        Ernst & Young



                                                                                                                                  Risk

                        T M Dring                                                                                              management
                        Partner
                        Melbourne
                        7 November 2024


                                                                                                                                 Report of

                                                                                                                               the Directors




                                                                                                                                 Financial report




                                                                                                                                Additional

                                                                                                                               information

                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                This page has been intentionally left blank.




For personal use only
                                               Corporate
   About      Our business                                    Risk        Report of                         Additional
                             Creating value   Governance                                Financial report
this report      in 2024                                   management   the Directors                      information
                                               Statement
                         Additional
                         information
                              For personal use only
                        Shareholder information
                        Ordinary shares

                        Twenty largest registered fully paid ordinary shareholders of the Company as at 11 October 2024

                                                                                                                                                    Number of        % of total
                                                                                                                                                       shares          shares
                         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                                  832,826,931          27.09
                         J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                                                  535,573,063          17.42
                         CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                                              260,625,142            8.48
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING A/C>                                                                           63,997,756            2.08
                         NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                                                   34,909,064            1.13
                         CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <COLONIAL FIRST STATE INV A/C>                                                                31,876,872            1.04
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD                                                                                                    27,849,770            0.91
                         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <NT-COMNWLTH SUPER CORP A/C>                                                      22,401,195            0.73
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD DEUTSCHE BANK TCA                                                                                  17,166,794            0.55
                         NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                                                           14,997,044            0.49
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD>                                                                     14,491,249            0.47




For personal use only
                         AUSTRALIAN FOUNDATION INVESTMENT COMPANY LIMITED                                                                            12,335,000            0.40
                         IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IPS SUPERFUND A/C>                                                                         6,064,668            0.20
                         ARGO INVESTMENTS LIMITED                                                                                                     5,834,685            0.19
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMS (NZ) LTD                                                                                                    5,182,635            0.17
                         IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IOOF IDPS A/C>                                                                             4,817,556            0.16
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <CLEARSTREAM>                                                                                   3,728,568            0.12
                         NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED <AUSTRALIAN ETHICAL INV LTD>                                                                       3,603,938            0.12
                         MUTUAL TRUST PTY LTD                                                                                                         2,759,781            0.09
                         NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <SUPER SERVICES A/C>                                                                           2,734,074            0.09
                         Total                                                                                                                    1,903,775,785          61.93


                        Substantial shareholders
                        The following organisations have disclosed a substantial shareholding notice to ASX. As at 11 October 2024, the Company has
                        received no further update in relation to these substantial shareholdings.

                         Name                                                                                                                        Number of       % of
                                                                                                                                                     shares          voting
                                                                                                                                                                     power
                         State Street Corporation(1)                                                                                                 193,328,701     6.23%
                         BlackRock Group(2)                                                                                                          177,651,034     6.02%
                         The Vanguard Group, Inc(3)                                                                                                  162,322,845     5.00%
                         (1) Substantial shareholding as at 6 June 2024, as per notice lodged on 11 June 2024.
                         (2) Substantial shareholding as at 18 March 2020, as per notice lodged on 20 March 2020.
                         (3) Substantial shareholding as at 1 February 2022, as per notice lodged on 4 February 2022.


                        Distribution of fully paid ordinary shareholdings

                                                                                                                          Number of        % of        Number of         % of
                                                                                                                        shareholders   holders            shares       shares
                         Range (number)
                         1 - 1,000                                                                                           330,178      60.28        112,593,398         3.66
                         1,001 - 5,000                                                                                       168,605      30.78        383,982,809       12.49
                         5,001 - 10,000                                                                                       30,546       5.58        213,211,218         6.94
                         10,001 - 100,000                                                                                     18,028       3.29        362,428,522       11.79
                         100,001 and over                                                                                        382       0.07      2,001,821,952       65.12
                         Total                                                                                               547,739       100      3,074,037,899            100
                         Less than marketable parcel of $500                                                                  13,931                       75,919


                        Voting rights
                        Each ordinary shareholder present at a general meeting (whether in person or by proxy or representative) is entitled to one vote
                        on a show of hands or, on a poll, one vote for each fully paid ordinary share held.




                        274   National Australia Bank
                        Shareholder information (cont.)




                        NAB Capital Notes 3 (NCN 3)

                        Twenty largest holders of NCN 3 as at 11 October 2024
                                                                                                                                                                      About
                                                                                                                                  Number of       % of total

                                                                                                                                                                   this report
                                                                                                                                  securities     securities
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING A/C>                                                          3,283,631          17.52
                         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                  1,124,390           6.00
                         CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                               881,048            4.70
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD>                                                     441,034            2.35


                                                                                                                                                                   Our business
                         NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                                           337,454            1.80
                         MUTUAL TRUST PTY LTD                                                                                        209,873            1.12


                                                                                                                                                                      in 2024
                         IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IPS SUPERFUND A/C>                                                        192,536            1.03
                         J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                                   146,686            0.78
                         NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <SUPER SERVICES A/C>                                                          130,798            0.70
                         IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IOOF IDPS A/C>                                                            122,405            0.65
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD                                                                                    110,087            0.59




                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value




For personal use only
                         DIMBULU PTY LTD                                                                                             108,500            0.58
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <PITCHER PARTNERS>                                                              87,480            0.47
                         INVIA CUSTODIAN PTY LIMITED <WEHI - INVESTMENT POOL A/C>                                                     75,325            0.40
                         WILLIMBURY PTY LTD                                                                                           65,609            0.35
                         NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                                    62,557            0.33
                         JDB SERVICES PTY LTD <RAC & JD BRICE INVEST A/C>                                                             53,429            0.29
                         BALMORAL FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS PTY LTD                                                                       50,277            0.27

                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate
                         MARROSAN INVESTMENTS PTY LTD                                                                                 45,000            0.24
                         SEYMOUR GROUP PTY LTD                                                                                        38,660            0.21
                         Total                                                                                                     7,566,779          40.38       Governance
                                                                                                                                                                   Statement
                        Distribution of NCN 3 holdings

                                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                                        security          % of     Number of           % of
                                                                                                         holders      holders      securities    securities

                                                                                                                                                                      Risk
                         Range (number)
                         1 - 1,000                                                                        14,752         87.86       5,311,640         28.34

                                                                                                                                                                   management
                         1,001 - 5,000                                                                     1,815         10.81       3,833,737         20.46
                         5,001 - 10,000                                                                      146          0.87       1,093,795          5.84
                         10,001 - 100,000                                                                     64          0.38       1,413,068          7.54
                         100,001 and over                                                                     13          0.08       7,088,342         37.82
                         Total                                                                            16,790          100      18,740,582           100

                                                                                                                                                                     Report of
                         Less than marketable parcel of $500                                                   6                            13



                                                                                                                                                                   the Directors
                        Voting rights
                        In accordance with their terms of issue, holders of NCN 3 have no right to vote at any general meeting of the Company prior to
                        conversion into NAB ordinary shares.
                        If NCN 3 is converted into NAB ordinary shares in accordance with their terms of issue, then voting rights will be as outlined on
                        page 274 of this Additional information section for NAB ordinary shares.




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                    Additional

                                                                                                                                                                   information



                                                                                                                                       2024 Annual Report   275
                        Shareholder information (cont.)




                        NAB Capital Notes 5 (NCN 5)

                        Twenty largest holders of NCN 5 as at 11 October 2024

                                                                                                                                  Number of       % of total
                                                                                                                                  securities     securities
                         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                  2,149,837           9.01
                         CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                              1,594,205           6.68
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD>                                                     888,468            3.72
                         NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                                           475,981            2.00
                         CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <143212 NMMT LTD A/C>                                                         451,987            1.89
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING A/C>                                                           378,025            1.58
                         MUTUAL TRUST PTY LTD                                                                                        261,647            1.10
                         IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IPS SUPERFUND A/C>                                                        207,654            0.87
                         IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IOOF IDPS A/C>                                                            178,236            0.75
                         NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <SUPER SERVICES A/C>                                                          177,647            0.75
                         J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                                   159,589            0.67




For personal use only
                         LEDA HOLDINGS PTY LTD                                                                                       154,000            0.65
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <PITCHER PARTNERS>                                                             118,727            0.50
                         JOHN E GILL TRADING PTY LTD                                                                                 107,866            0.45
                         AM & EM NEXT GEN PTY LTD <AM & EM NEXT GEN A/C>                                                             105,000            0.44
                         DIMBULU PTY LTD                                                                                             100,000            0.42
                         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED-GSI EDA                                                            70,000            0.29
                         NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                                    69,673            0.29
                         PAMDALE INVESTMENTS PTY LTD                                                                                  60,290            0.25
                         EASTCOTE PTY LTD <THE VAN-LIESHOUT FAMILY A/C>                                                               57,329            0.24
                         Total                                                                                                     7,766,161          32.55


                        Distribution of NCN 5 holdings

                                                                                                   Number of
                                                                                                     security          % of     Number of              % of
                                                                                                      holders      holders      securities       securities
                         Range (number)
                         1 - 1,000                                                                      20,157        87.27       7,659,182           32.10
                         1,001 - 5,000                                                                   2,656        11.50       5,493,849           23.03
                         5,001 - 10,000                                                                   174          0.75       1,236,093             5.18
                         10,001 - 100,000                                                                  94          0.41       2,062,177             8.64
                         100,001 and over                                                                  16          0.07       7,408,379           31.05
                         Total                                                                         23,097          100      23,859,680              100
                         Less than marketable parcel of $500                                                7                            15


                        Voting rights
                        In accordance with their terms of issue, holders of NCN 5 have no right to vote at any general meeting of the Company prior to
                        conversion into NAB ordinary shares.
                        If NCN 5 is converted into NAB ordinary shares in accordance with their terms of issue, then voting rights will be as outlined on
                        page 274 of this Additional information section for NAB ordinary shares.




                        276   National Australia Bank
                        Shareholder information (cont.)




                        NAB Capital Notes 6 (NCN 6)

                        Twenty largest holders of NCN 6 as at 11 October 2024
                                                                                                                                                                        About
                                                                                                                                  Number of          % of total

                                                                                                                                                                     this report
                                                                                                                                  securities        securities
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING A/C>                                                          5,219,123            26.10
                         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                  1,360,453              6.80
                         CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                              1,135,220              5.68
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD>                                                     604,589               3.02


                                                                                                                                                                     Our business
                         NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                                           325,219               1.63
                         MUTUAL TRUST PTY LTD                                                                                        154,450               0.77


                                                                                                                                                                        in 2024
                         NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <SUPER SERVICES A/C>                                                          151,232               0.76
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <PITCHER PARTNERS>                                                             104,082               0.52
                         TANDOM PTY LTD                                                                                              100,192               0.50
                         IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IPS SUPERFUND A/C>                                                         83,833               0.42
                         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED-GSI EDA                                                            75,000               0.38




                                                                                                                                                                       Creating value




For personal use only
                         NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                                    72,966               0.35
                         IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IOOF IDPS A/C>                                                             61,338               0.31
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD                                                                                     52,000               0.26
                         DIMBULU PTY LTD                                                                                              50,000               0.25
                         ELMORE HOLDINGS PTY LIMITED <PEABODY FAMILY A/C>                                                             50,000               0.25
                         FAMILY ENDEAVOURS PTY LTD <BEST ENDEAVOURS A/C>                                                              48,500               0.24
                         PESUTU PTY LTD <KAREDIS SUPER A/C>                                                                           43,729               0.22

                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate
                         JOHN E GILL TRADING PTY LTD                                                                                  41,517               0.21
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <IB AU NOMS RETAILCLIENT>                                                       36,671               0.18
                         Total                                                                                                     9,770,114             48.85      Governance
                                                                                                                                                                     Statement
                        Distribution of NCN 6 holdings

                                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                                        security          % of     Number of              % of
                                                                                                         holders      holders      securities       securities

                                                                                                                                                                        Risk
                         Range (number)
                         1 - 1,000                                                                        13,009         86.97       4,683,386           23.42

                                                                                                                                                                     management
                         1,001 - 5,000                                                                     1,757         11.74       3,652,665           18.26
                         5,001 - 10,000                                                                      109          0.73         807,457             4.04
                         10,001 - 100,000                                                                     73          0.49       1,701,932             8.51
                         100,001 and over                                                                     10          0.07       9,154,560           45.77
                         Total                                                                            14,958          100      20,000,000              100

                                                                                                                                                                       Report of
                         Less than marketable parcel of $500                                                   4                                9



                                                                                                                                                                     the Directors
                        Voting rights
                        In accordance with their terms of issue, holders of NCN 6 have no right to vote at any general meeting of the Company prior to
                        conversion into NAB ordinary shares.
                        If NCN 6 is converted into NAB ordinary shares in accordance with their terms of issue, then voting rights will be as outlined on
                        page 274 of this Additional information section for NAB ordinary shares.




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                      Additional

                                                                                                                                                                     information



                                                                                                                                       2024 Annual Report     277
                        Shareholder information (cont.)




                        NAB Capital Notes 7 (NCN 7)

                        Twenty largest holders of NCN 7 as at 11 October 2024

                                                                                                                                  Number of          % of total
                                                                                                                                  securities        securities
                         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                  1,635,498            13.08
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD>                                                     525,630               4.21
                         CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                               439,954               3.52
                         NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                                           236,886               1.90
                         HIGHAM HILL PTY LTD                                                                                         106,802               0.85
                         DIMBULU PTY LTD                                                                                             100,000               0.80
                         MUTUAL TRUST PTY LTD                                                                                         94,388               0.76
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <PITCHER PARTNERS>                                                              92,935               0.74
                         MR JOHN WILLIAM CUNNINGHAM                                                                                   90,680               0.73
                         NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <SUPER SERVICES A/C>                                                           65,223               0.52
                         IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IPS SUPERFUND A/C>                                                         54,362               0.43




For personal use only
                         2 KINANE STREET PTY LTD                                                                                      36,280               0.29
                         GILLIES FAMILY HOLDINGS PTY LTD                                                                              34,190               0.27
                         IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IOOF IDPS A/C>                                                             31,831               0.26
                         POPEYE TREASURES PTY LTD                                                                                     30,220               0.24
                         CORP OF THE TSTEES OF THE ROMAN CATH ARC                                                                     30,000               0.24
                         MR TETSUO KAWAI                                                                                              29,000               0.23
                         J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                                    28,845               0.23
                         CAPRI TRADING PTY LIMITED <THE CAPRI FAMILY A/C>                                                             28,245               0.23
                         NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                                    25,285               0.20
                         Total                                                                                                     3,716,254             29.73


                        Distribution of NCN 7 holdings

                                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                                        security          % of     Number of              % of
                                                                                                         holders      holders      securities       securities
                         Range (number)
                         1 - 1,000                                                                         9,509         84.47       3,800,833           30.41
                         1,001 - 5,000                                                                     1,564         13.89       3,350,089           26.80
                         5,001 - 10,000                                                                      107          0.95         758,550             6.07
                         10,001 - 100,000                                                                     72          0.64       1,645,758           13.16
                         100,001 and over                                                                      6          0.05       2,944,770           23.56
                         Total                                                                            11,258          100      12,500,000              100
                         Less than marketable parcel of $500                                                   -                                -


                        Voting rights
                        In accordance with their terms of issue, holders of NCN 7 have no right to vote at any general meeting of the Company prior to
                        conversion into NAB ordinary shares.
                        If NCN 7 is converted into NAB ordinary shares in accordance with their terms of issue, then voting rights will be as outlined on
                        page 274 of this Additional information section for NAB ordinary shares.




                        278   National Australia Bank
                        Shareholder information (cont.)




                        NAB Capital Notes 8 (NCN 8)

                        Twenty largest holders of NCN 8 as at 11 October 2024
                                                                                                                                                                       About
                                                                                                                                 Number of          % of total

                                                                                                                                                                    this report
                                                                                                                                 securities        securities
                         HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                   903,350              9.03
                         CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                               420,211              4.20
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD>                                                     338,984              3.39
                         NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                                           182,998              1.83


                                                                                                                                                                    Our business
                         J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                                   149,559              1.50
                         DIMBULU PTY LTD                                                                                             100,000              1.00


                                                                                                                                                                       in 2024
                         MUTUAL TRUST PTY LTD                                                                                         75,217              0.75
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <PITCHER PARTNERS>                                                              71,174              0.71
                         SEYMOUR GROUP PTY LTD                                                                                        64,010              0.64
                         NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <SUPER SERVICES A/C>                                                           57,578              0.58
                         BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD                                                                                     50,000              0.50




                                                                                                                                                                      Creating value




For personal use only
                         HIGHAM HILL PTY LTD                                                                                          50,000              0.50
                         MR JOHN WILLIAM CUNNINGHAM                                                                                   49,500              0.50
                         KADOO PTY LIMITED <B & D FAMILY A/C>                                                                         48,445              0.48
                         REALEE PTY LTD <REALEE A/C>                                                                                  31,500              0.32
                         BARRETT SUPERFUND PTY LTD <BARRETT SUPERFUND A/C>                                                            30,000              0.30
                         PACIFIC INDUSTRIAL COMPANY(WA) PTY LTD <STEELFAB UNIT A/C>                                                   30,000              0.30
                         PACIFIC INTERNATIONAL INSURANCE PTY LIMITED                                                                  30,000              0.30

                                                                                                                                                                    Corporate
                         MARROSAN INVESTMENTS PTY LTD                                                                                 29,750              0.29
                         BOWEN FAMILY SUPER CO PTY LTD <BOWEN FAMILY SUPER FUND A/C>                                                  28,850              0.29
                         Total                                                                                                     2,741,126            27.41      Governance
                                                                                                                                                                    Statement
                        Distribution of NCN 8 holdings

                                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                                        security          % of     Number of             % of
                                                                                                         holders      holders      securities      securities

                                                                                                                                                                       Risk
                         Range (number)
                         1 - 1,000                                                                         7,350         83.33       2,957,155          29.57

                                                                                                                                                                    management
                         1,001 - 5,000                                                                     1,305         14.79       2,860,169          28.60
                         5,001 - 10,000                                                                      102          1.16        793,547             7.94
                         10,001 - 100,000                                                                     58          0.66       1,443,698          14.44
                         100,001 and over                                                                      5          0.06       1,945,431          19.45
                         Total                                                                             8,820          100      10,000,000             100

                                                                                                                                                                      Report of
                         Less than marketable parcel of $500                                                   2                               4



                                                                                                                                                                    the Directors
                        Voting rights
                        In accordance with their terms of issue, holders of NCN 8 have no right to vote at any general meeting of the Company prior to
                        conversion into NAB ordinary shares.
                        If NCN 8 is converted into NAB ordinary shares in accordance with their terms of issue, then voting rights will be as outlined on
                        page 274 of this Additional information section for NAB ordinary shares.




                                                                                                                                                                      Financial report




                                                                                                                                                                     Additional

                                                                                                                                                                    information



                                                                                                                                       2024 Annual Report    279
                        Shareholder information (cont.)




                        Official quotation
                        Fully paid ordinary shares of the Company are quoted on the ASX.
                        The Group has also issued:
                        •   NAB Capital Notes 3, NAB Capital Notes 5, NAB Capital Notes 6, NAB Capital Notes 7, NAB Capital Notes 8 and residential
                            mortgage backed securities which are quoted on the ASX.
                        •   Medium-term notes, subordinated notes and covered bonds which are quoted on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
                        •   Medium-term notes and perpetual preference shares which are quoted on the NZX Debt Market.
                        •   Medium-term notes and covered bonds which are quoted on the SIX Swiss Exchange.
                        •   Medium-term notes which are quoted on the Taipei Exchange.

                        Unquoted securities
                        As at 31 October 2024, the Company has 4,312,846 rights on issue, of which there are 63 holders (refer to page 118 of this report for
                        further details).




For personal use only




                        280   National Australia Bank
                        Chair                                                             Principal Share Register
                        Mr Philip Chronican                                               Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited

                                                                                                                                                                      About
                        BCom (Hons), MBA (Dist), GAICD, SF Fin                            Yarra Falls
                                                                                          452 Johnston Street
                        Group Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director               ABBOTSFORD VIC 3067
                        Mr Andrew Irvine                                                  Australia                                                                this report
                        BSc Business Management (Hons), MBA                               Postal address:
                                                                                          GPO Box 2333
                        Group Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                          MELBOURNE VIC 3001
                        Mr Nathan Goonan                                                  Australia

                                                                                                                                                                   Our business
                        BCom, BAgrSc (Hons)
                                                                                          Local call: 1300 367 647
                        Registered office                                                 Fax: +61 3 9473 2500


                                                                                                                                                                      in 2024
                                                                                          Telephone and fax (outside Australia):
                        Level 28
                                                                                          Tel: +61 3 9415 4299; Fax: +61 3 9473 2500
                        395 Bourke Street
                        MELBOURNE VIC 3000                                                Email: nabservices@computershare.com.au
                        Australia                                                         Website: www.investorcentre.com/au
                        Tel: 1300 889 398
                                                                                          United Kingdom Share Register
                        Tel: +61 3 8615 3064




                                                                                                                                                                     Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                          Computershare Investor Services plc
                        International locations                                           The Pavilions
                        nab.com.au/corporate/global-relationships                         Bridgwater Road BRISTOL BS99 6ZZ
                                                                                          United Kingdom
                        Auditor                                                           Tel: +44 370 703 0197
                        Ernst & Young                                                     Fax: +44 370 703 6101
                        8 Exhibition Street                                               Email: nabservices@computershare.com.au
                        MELBOURNE VIC 3000                                                Website: www.investorcentre.com/au
                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate
                        Australia
                        Tel: +61 3 9288 8000                                              United States ADR Depositary, Transfer Agent and Registrar
                                                                                          contact details for NAB ADR holders:                                    Governance
                        Company Secretary
                                                                                                                                                                   Statement
                                                                                          Deutsche Bank Shareholder Services
                        Mrs Louise Thomson BBus (Dist), FGIA                              Equiniti Trust Company, LLC
                                                                                          48 Wall Street, Floor 23
                        Group Investor Relations
                                                                                          New York, NY 10005
                        National Australia Bank Limited                                   USA
                        Level 2

                                                                                                                                                                      Risk
                                                                                          Direct Dial: +1 866 249 2593
                        2 Carrington Street                                               Email: adr@equiniti.com
                        SYDNEY NSW 2000

                                                                                                                                                                   management
                        Australia                                                         Contact details for NAB ADR brokers &
                        Email: investorrelations@nab.com.au                               institutional investors:
                                                                                          US Tel: +1 212 250 9100
                        Sustainability
                                                                                          UK Tel: +44 207 547 6500
                        National Australia Bank Limited                                   Email: adr@db.com
                        Level 21

                                                                                                                                                                     Report of
                        395 Bourke Street
                        MELBOURNE VIC 3000
                        Australia

                                                                                                                                                                   the Directors
                        Email: sustainability@nab.com.au

                        Shareholder Centre website
                        The Group’s website at nab.com.au/shareholder has a
                        dedicated separate section where shareholders can gain




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial report
                        access to a wide range of information, including copies of
                        recent announcements, annual reports as well as extensive
                        historical information.

                        Shareholder information line
                        There is a convenient 24 hours a day, 7 days a week automated
                        service. To obtain the current balance of your securities and
                        relevant payment details, telephone 1300 367 647 (Australia) or
                        +61 3 9415 4299 (outside Australia).

                                                                                                                                                                    Additional
                        These services are secured to protect your interests. In all
                        communications with the Share Registry, please ensure you

                                                                                                                                                                   information
                        quote your Securityholder Reference Number (SRN), or in case
                        of broker sponsored shareholders, your Holder Identification
                        Number (HIN).



                                                                                                                                       2024 Annual Report   281
                        Glossary
                        12-month expected credit losses (ECL)               BEAR                                                Compensation Scheme of Last Resort (CSLR)
                        The portion of lifetime expected credit losses      Banking Executive Accountability Regime.            The CSLR is a scheme designed to make
                        that represent the expected losses arising          BNZ                                                 payments on a last-resort basis to eligible
                        from default events that could occur within 12                                                          consumers where determinations by the
                                                                            Bank of New Zealand, a subsidiary of National
                        months of the reporting date.                                                                           Australian Financial Complaints Authority
                                                                            Australia Bank Group.
                        86 400                                                                                                  (AFCA) for compensation remain unpaid, as
                                                                            Business lending                                    approved by the Australian Parliament in
                        86 400 refers to 86 400 Holdings Limited,
                                                                            Lending to non-retail customers including           June 2023.
                        86 400 Pty Ltd and 86 400 Technology Pty Ltd,
                                                                            overdrafts, asset and lease financing, term         Continuing operations
                        the entities acquired by the Group in May 2021.
                                                                            lending, bill acceptances, foreign currency
                        AA1000 Stakeholder Engagement Standard                                                                  Continuing operations are the components
                                                                            loans, international and trade finance,
                                                                                                                                of the Group which are not
                        The standard is designed to enable                  securitisation and specialised finance.
                                                                                                                                discontinued operations.
                        organisations to respond to stakeholders in a       Carbon neutral in operations
                        comprehensive and balanced way. These are                                                               Core assets
                                                                            Refers to the process the Group follows
                        based on the principles Inclusivity, Materiality,                                                       Represents gross loans and advances
                                                                            to first avoid and reduce greenhouse gas
                        Responsiveness, and Impact.                                                                             including acceptances, financial assets at
                                                                            emissions associated with NAB's operational
                        AASB                                                                                                    fair value, and other debt instruments at
                                                                            Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions (excluding
                                                                                                                                amortised cost.
                        Australian Accounting Standards Board.              financed emissions) and then to retire carbon
                                                                            offsets for residual emissions. NAB's Australian    CO2-e (carbon dioxide equivalent)
                        Accountable Person
                                                                            operations are certified carbon neutral under       The common unit of measure for the
                        An accountable person for the purposes of
                                                                            the Climate Active Standard for Organisations.      expression of Greenhouse Gas (GHG)
                        the Banking Act 1959 (Cth).
                                                                            BNZ and JBWere NZ are Toitū net carbonzero          emissions. Each unit of GHG has a different
                        Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital                     organisation certified.                             global warming potential. Therefore, all
                        AT1 capital comprises high quality                  Cash earnings                                       greenhouse gases are converted back
                        components of capital that satisfy the criteria                                                         to tonnes (tCO2-e) of carbon dioxide
                                                                            Cash earnings is a non-IFRS key performance




For personal use only
                        for inclusion as Additional Tier 1 capital                                                              equivalent to enable consistent comparison
                                                                            measure used by the Group and the
                        as defined in APS 111 Capital Adequacy:                                                                 and measurement.
                                                                            investment community. Cash earnings is
                        Measurement of Capital.                                                                                 CQiB
                                                                            defined as net profit attributable to owners
                        ADI                                                 of the Company from continuing operations           Career Qualified in Banking program.
                        Authorised Deposit-taking Institution.              adjusted for non-cash items, including items        CTF
                        Advanced Internal ratings-based (IRB)               such as hedging and fair value volatility, the
                                                                                                                                Counter-Terrorism Financing.
                                                                            amortisation of acquired intangible assets
                        The approach used by the Group, under               and gains or losses and certain other items         Customer deposits
                        approval from APRA, to calculate the capital        associated with the acquisition, integration,       The sum of interest bearing, non-interest
                        requirement for credit risk, which utilises the     disposal and closure of Group businesses.           bearing and term deposits (including retail
                        outputs of internally developed models for
                                                                            Cash net interest income (Cash NII)                 and corporate deposits).
                        probability of default, loss given default and
                        exposure at default.                                Cash NII is derived from statutory net interest     Customer Funding Index (CFI)
                        AGM                                                 income, including management adjustments            Customer deposits (excluding certain short
                                                                            for fair value hedge ineffectiveness and            dated institutional deposits used to fund liquid
                        Annual General Meeting of National Australia        a reclassification of income from the NAB           assets) divided by core assets.
                        Bank Limited.                                       Wealth Business that management considers           D-SIB
                        AML                                                 better reflected in net interest income for
                                                                            their purposes. In these financial statements,      Domestic Systemically Important Banks.
                        Anti-Money Laundering.
                                                                            there is no material difference between Cash        Default
                        Annual Variable Reward (VR)
                                                                            NII and statutory net interest income.              Default occurs when a loan obligation is
                        An 'at risk' opportunity for individuals
                                                                            Cash return on equity (cash ROE)                    contractually 90 days or more past due, or
                        to receive an annual performance-based
                                                                            Cash earnings after tax expressed as                when it is considered unlikely that the credit
                        reward. The actual VR that an individual will
                                                                            a percentage of total average equity                obligation to the Group will be paid in full
                        receive in any particular year will reflect both
                                                                            (attributable to owners of the Company).            without remedial action, such as realisation
                        business and individual performance.
                                                                                                                                of security.
                        APRA                                                CGU
                                                                                                                                Default but not impaired assets
                        Australian Prudential Regulation Authority.         Cash-generating unit.
                                                                                                                                Calculated as 'Non-performing exposures' less
                        APS                                                 Citi consumer business                              'Gross impaired assets'.
                        Prudential Standards issued by APRA                 Citi consumer business refers to Citigroup's        Dilutive potential ordinary share
                        applicable to ADIs.                                 Australian consumer business, acquired by
                                                                            the Group in June 2022.                             A financial instrument or other contract that
                        ASIC                                                                                                    may entitle its holder to ordinary shares and
                        Australian Securities and                           Citigroup                                           which would have the effect of decreasing
                        Investments Commission.                             Citigroup Pty Limited and Citigroup Overseas        earnings per share.
                                                                            Investment Corporation.                             Discontinued operations
                        ASX
                        Australian Securities Exchange Limited (or the      Committed Liquidity Facility (CLF)                  Discontinued operations are a component
                        market operated by it).                             A facility provided by the RBA to certain ADIs      of the Group that either has been disposed
                                                                            to assist them in meeting the Basel III liquidity   of, or is classified as held for sale, and
                        AUSTRAC
                                                                            requirements. The CLF was reduced to zero on        represents a separate major line of business
                        Australian Transaction Reports and                  1 January 2023.                                     or geographical area of operations, which is
                        Analysis Centre.                                                                                        part of a single coordinated plan for disposal.
                                                                            Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital
                        Available stable funding (ASF)                                                                          Distributions
                                                                            CET1 capital ranks behind the claims of
                        The portion of an ADI's capital and liabilities     depositors and other creditors in the event         Payments to holders of equity instruments
                        expected to be reliably provided over a one-        of winding-up of the issuer, absorbs losses         other than ordinary shares, including National
                        year time horizon.                                  as and when they occur, has full flexibility of     Income Securities.
                        Average interest earning assets                     dividend payments and has no maturity date.         Dividend payout ratio
                        The average balance of assets held by               CET1 capital consists of the sum of paid-up
                                                                            ordinary share capital, retained profits plus       Dividends paid on ordinary shares divided by
                        the Group over the period that generate                                                                 cash earnings per share.
                        interest income.                                    certain other items as defined in APS 111
                                                                            Capital Adequacy: Measurement of Capital.           EaR
                        Bank levy
                                                                            Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio                  Earnings at risk.
                        A levy imposed under the Major Bank Levy Act
                        2017 (Cth) on ADIs with total liabilities of more   CET1 capital divided by risk-weighted assets.       Earnings per share - basic
                        than $100 billion.                                  Company                                             Calculated as net profit attributable to
                        Basel III                                           National Australia Bank Limited ABN 12 004          ordinary equity holders of the parent
                                                                            044 937.                                            (statutory basis) or cash earnings (cash
                        Basel III is a global regulatory framework                                                              earnings basis), divided by the weighted
                        designed to increase the resilience of banks                                                            average number of ordinary shares.
                        and banking systems and was effective for
                        ADIs from 1 January 2013.
                        BBSW
                        Bank Bill Swap Rate.




                        282   National Australia Bank
                        Earnings per share - diluted                          Fixed Remuneration (FR)                            Impaired assets
                        Calculated as net profit attributable to              Base salary and superannuation paid regularly      Consists of: Retail loans (excluding unsecured
                        ordinary equity holders of the parent                 during the year.                                   portfolio managed facilities) which are

                                                                                                                                                                                        About
                        (statutory basis) or cash earnings (cash              FLP                                                contractually 90 days or more past due with
                        earnings basis), divided by the weighted                                                                 security insufficient to cover principal and
                                                                              Funding for Lending Program.
                        average number of ordinary shares, after                                                                 interest or where sufficient doubt exists

                                                                                                                                                                                     this report
                        adjusting both earnings and the weighted              Forward looking adjustment (FLA)                   about the ability to collect principal and
                        average number of ordinary shares for the             Forward looking adjustments reflect part           interest in a timely manner. Non-retail loans
                        impact of dilutive potential ordinary shares.         of the provision for credit impairment             which are contractually past due and / or
                        Economic adjustments                                  derived from reasonable and supportable            where there is sufficient doubt the ability
                                                                              forecasts of potential future conditions           to collect principal and interest. Off-balance
                        The economic adjustment forms part of the
                                                                              (forward looking information) that are not         sheet credit exposures where current
                        provision for credit impairment derived from
                                                                              otherwise captured within the underlying           circumstances indicate that losses may
                        reasonable and supportable forecasts of
                                                                              credit provision or the economic adjustments.      be incurred. Unsecured portfolio managed
                        potential future conditions (forward looking

                                                                                                                                                                                     Our business
                                                                              They incorporate more targeted sector-             facilities that are 180 days or more past due
                        information) that is not captured within the
                                                                              specific forward looking information.              (if not written off).
                        underlying credit provision. It incorporates
                        general macro-economic forward looking                Full-time equivalent employees (FTEs)              Imputation credit


                                                                                                                                                                                        in 2024
                        information (for example, GDP, unemployment           Includes all full-time, part-time, temporary,      Tax credit passed on to shareholders
                        and interest rates).                                  fixed term and casual employee equivalents,        who receive partially or fully franked
                        Employee NPS                                          as well as agency temporary employees and          dividend / distribution.
                                                                              external contractors either self-employed          Just transition
                        Measurement of the likelihood of our
                                                                              or employed by a third party agency. Note:
                        colleagues to recommend NAB as a bank                                                                    Global effort to transition to a low carbon
                                                                              this excludes consultants, IT professional
                        based on their experience as a NAB customer.                                                             economy in a way that is as fair and inclusive
                                                                              services, outsourced service providers and
                        Enforceable Undertaking (EU)                                                                             as possible to all people, creating decent
                                                                              non-executive directors.




                                                                                                                                                                                       Creating value
                                                                                                                                 work opportunities and leaving no one behind.




For personal use only
                        An enforceable undertaking under subsection           Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions
                        197(1) of the Anti-Money Laundering and                                                                  Key Management Personnel (KMP)
                                                                              Gaseous pollutants released into the
                        Counter-Terrorism Financing Act 2006 (Cth)                                                               NAB's Key Management Personnel (KMP) is
                                                                              atmosphere that amplify the greenhouse
                        entered into between NAB and the CEO of                                                                  assessed each year and comprises the non-
                                                                              effect. Gases responsible include
                        AUSTRAC on 29 April 2022, in relation to                                                                 executive directors of NAB, the Group CEO
                                                                              carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide,
                        concerns identified by AUSTRAC with the                                                                  (an executive director of NAB) and those
                                                                              hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons and
                        Group’s compliance with certain AML and CTF                                                              employees of the Group who have authority
                                                                              sulphur hexafluoride.
                        requirements which were the subject of a                                                                 and responsibility for planning, directing and
                        formal investigation by AUSTRAC.                      Gross Domestic Product (GDP)                       controlling the activities of both NAB and
                        Environmental reporting year                          GDP is the market value of finished goods and      the Group.
                                                                              services produced within a country in a given      Leverage ratio
                        Environmental reporting period from 1 July to
                                                                              period of time.
                                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate
                        30 June. Aligned with the National Greenhouse                                                            Tier 1 capital divided by exposures as
                        and Energy Reporting Act 2007 (Cth).                  Gross impaired assets                              defined by APS 110 Capital Adequacy. It
                                                                              Calculated as the sum of ‘Impaired assets’ and     is a simple, non-risk based measure to
                                                                                                                                                                                    Governance
                        Executive Leadership Team (ELT)
                                                                              ‘Restructured loans’.                              supplement the risk-weighted assets based
                        Executive Leadership Team means the Group
                                                                                                                                 capital requirements. Exposures include
                                                                                                                                                                                     Statement
                        CEO and the Group Executives.                         Gross loans and acceptances (GLAs)
                                                                                                                                 on-balance sheet exposures, derivative
                        Fair value                                            Total loans, advances and acceptances,             exposures, securities financing transaction
                                                                              including unearned and deferred fee income,        exposures and non-market related off-
                        The price that would be received to sell an
                                                                              excluding associated provisions for expected       balance sheet exposures.
                        asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
                                                                              credit losses. Calculated as the sum of
                        transaction between market participants at                                                               Lifetime expected credit losses (ECL)
                                                                              'Acceptances', 'Loans and advances at
                        measurement date.
                                                                              fair value’ and ‘Loans and advances at             The ECL that result from all possible


                                                                                                                                                                                        Risk
                        Fair value (for the purposes of equity                amortised cost’.                                   default events over the expected life of a
                        awards set out in the Remuneration Report)                                                               financial instrument.
                                                                              Group
                        The value of the awards provided are                                                                     Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR)
                                                                              NAB and its controlled entities.


                                                                                                                                                                                     management
                        measured by reference to the grant date fair                                                             A metric that measures the adequacy of
                        value of the shares and performance rights            Group Executives
                                                                                                                                 HQLA available to meet net cash outflows
                        provided to employees. The grant date fair            The ELT, excluding the Group CEO.                  over a 30-day period during a severe liquidity
                        value of each share is determined by the              Group Performance Indicators (GPI)                 stress scenario.
                        market value of NAB shares, and is generally
                        a five-day weighted average share price. The          A scorecard of financial and non-financial         Location-based accounting
                        fair value of the shares and performance              performance measures linked to the Group’s         An emissions accounting approach that
                        rights with market performance hurdles is             key strategic priorities, overlaid by a            calculates electricity emissions based on
                        determined using a simulated version of the           qualitative assessment. The GPI is used to         the average emissions intensity of the

                                                                                                                                                                                       Report of
                        Black-Scholes model.                                  assess the Group’s performance for the             electricity grid in the location (state) in
                                                                              purpose of the Annual VR Plan.                     which the electricity consumption occurs.
                        FAR
                                                                              Hedging and fair value volatility                  Location-based accounting therefore does


                                                                                                                                                                                     the Directors
                        Financial Accountability Regime.                                                                         not recognise the surrender of LGCs as
                                                                              This volatility represents timing differences
                        FAR accountable person                                between the unrealised gains or losses             evidence of renewable electricity use.
                        For the purposes of the FAR, NAB has                  recognised over the term of the transactions       Long Term Variable Reward (LTVR)
                        registered certain individuals (the directors,        and the ultimate economic outcome which            An 'at risk' opportunity for the ELT to receive
                        Group Executives, Executive Internal Audit and        will only be realised in future. This volatility   a long-term performance-based reward,
                        Executive Group Money Laundering Reporting            arises primarily from fair value movements         vesting after a four-year performance period
                        Officer) as ‘Accountable Persons’ with APRA           relating to trading derivatives held for risk      subject to the applicable performance hurdle.




                                                                                                                                                                                       Financial report
                        and ASIC.                                             management purposes; fair value movements          The actual LTVR that an individual will receive
                        Financed emissions                                    relating to assets, liabilities and derivatives    on vesting will reflect achievement of the
                                                                              designated in hedge relationships; and fair        performance hurdle.
                        Indirect GHG emissions attributable to
                                                                              value movements relating to assets and
                        financial institutions due to their involvement                                                          Market-based accounting
                                                                              liabilities designated at fair value.
                        in providing capital or financing to the                                                                 An emissions accounting approach that
                        original emitter. Financed emissions are              High-quality liquid assets (HQLA)
                                                                                                                                 allows total electricity consumption to
                        included within Category 15 'Investments' of          Consists primarily of cash, deposits with          be reduced by the megawatt hours of
                        the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Standard.                 central banks, Australian government and           renewable electricity consumed by the
                        FINSIA                                                semi-government securities and securities          company before applying an emissions
                                                                              issued by foreign sovereigns as defined in APS     factor to grid-imported electricity. Market-
                        Financial Services Institute of Australasia.
                                                                              210 Liquidity.                                     based accounting therefore recognises the
                        FirstCape
                                                                              Housing lending                                    surrender of LGCs as evidence of renewable

                                                                                                                                                                                      Additional
                        FirstCape Group Limited was established to                                                               electricity use.
                                                                              Mortgages secured by residential properties
                        combine the Group’s New Zealand wealth
                                                                              as collateral.                                     MLC Life
                        businesses and Jarden Wealth and Asset
                                                                              IFRS                                               MLC Limited.

                                                                                                                                                                                     information
                        Management Holdings Limited’s wealth and
                        asset management business. References to              International Financial Reporting Standards
                        FirstCape in this document refer to FirstCape         as issued by the International Accounting
                        Group Limited and/or its subsidiaries.                Standards Board (IASB).




                                                                                                                                                        2024 Annual Report    283
                        MLC Wealth                                          Royal Commission                                    Statutory net profit
                        MLC Wealth was the Group’s Wealth division          The Royal Commission into Misconduct                Net profit attributable to owners of
                        which provided superannuation, investments,         in the Banking, Superannuation and                  the Company.
                        asset management and financial advice to            Financial Services Industry established on          Statutory return on equity
                        retail, corporate and institutional customers,      14 December 2017 by the Governor-General
                                                                                                                                Statutory earnings after tax expressed
                        supported by several brands including MLC,          of the Commonwealth of Australia to
                                                                                                                                as a percentage of total average equity
                        Plum and investment brands under MLC                conduct a formal public inquiry into Australian
                                                                                                                                (attributable to owners of the Company),
                        Asset Management. The sale of MLC Wealth            financial institutions.
                                                                                                                                calculated on a statutory basis.
                        to Insignia Financial Ltd completed on              Scope 1
                        31 May 2021.                                                                                            Structured entity
                                                                            This includes direct emissions from within an
                        NAB                                                                                                     An entity created to accomplish a narrow
                                                                            organisation’s boundary. These emissions are
                                                                                                                                well-defined objective (e.g., securitisation of
                        'NAB' or the 'Company' means National Australia     from sources that the organisation owns or
                                                                                                                                financial assets). A structured entity may take
                        Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937.                    controls such as:
                                                                                                                                the form of a corporation, trust, partnership
                        NAB Foundation                                      • Combustion of fuel in boilers, furnace or         or unincorporated entity. Structured entities
                        A registered charity which does not form part          generators that are owned or controlled          are often created with legal arrangements
                        of the Group.                                          by the reporting company.                        that impose strict limits on the activities of
                                                                            • Generation of electricity, steam or heat in       the structured entity.
                        NAB risk management
                                                                               equipment that is owned or controlled by
                        Management of interest rate risk in the                                                                 TCFD
                                                                               the reporting company.
                        banking book, wholesale funding and liquidity                                                           The Financial Stability Board Task Force on
                                                                            • Business travel in vehicles such as
                        requirements and trading market risk to                                                                 Climate-related Financial Disclosures.
                                                                               company cars or corporate jets that
                        support the Group’s franchises.                                                                         Term Funding Index (TFI)
                                                                               are owned or controlled by the
                        Net interest margin (NIM)                              reporting company, colleague commuting           Term wholesale funding with remaining
                        Net interest income derived on a cash                  in company-owned or controlled vehicles,         maturity to first call date greater than 12
                        earnings basis expressed as a percentage of            such as company cars.                            months, including Term Funding Facility (TFF)




For personal use only
                        average interest earning assets.                    • Hydrofluorocarbon emissions                       drawdowns divided by core assets.
                        Net Promoter Score (NPS)                               from company-owned or                            Tier 1 capital
                        Net Promoter® and NPS® are registered                  controlled refrigeration or air-                 Tier 1 capital comprises CET1 capital and
                        trademarks, and Net Promoter Score and                 conditioning equipment.                          instruments that meet the criteria for
                        Net Promoter System are trademarks of Bain          Scope 2                                             inclusion as Additional Tier 1 capital set out
                        & Company, Satmetrix Systems and Fred               Indirect emissions from electricity that is used    in APS 111 Capital Adequacy: Measurement
                        Reichheld. Net Promoter Score measures the          by the organisation but is generated outside        of Capital.
                        likelihood of a customer's recommendation           the organisation’s boundary by another              Tier 1 capital ratio
                        to others.                                          company, such as an electricity provider.           Tier 1 capital divided by risk-weighted assets.
                        Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)                     This is called ‘purchased electricity’. This
                                                                            includes indirect emissions from purchased or       Tier 2 capital
                        A ratio of the amount of available stable
                                                                            acquired electricity, steam, heat or cooling.       Tier 2 capital comprises other components
                        funding (ASF) to the amount of required stable
                                                                            Scope 3                                             of capital that, to varying degrees, do not
                        funding (RSF).
                                                                                                                                meet the requirements as Tier 1 capital
                        Non-performing exposures                            All other indirect emissions that occur outside     but nonetheless contribute to the overall
                        Exposures which are in default aligned to the       the boundary of the organisation as a result        strength of an ADI and its capacity to
                        definition in APS 220 Credit Risk Management.       of the activities of the organisation, including    absorb losses.
                                                                            indirect emissions from:
                        NZBA                                                • Business travel in non-company owned              Top quartile
                        Net Zero Banking Alliance.                               or controlled vehicles, such as                Top quartile comparison is based upon Glint’s
                        Official Cash Rate                                       rental cars, colleague cars, rail and          client group (domestic and global, from
                                                                                 commercial planes.                             all industries).
                        Official Cash Rate is an interest rate set by the
                        Reserve Bank of New Zealand.                        • Combustion of fuel in boilers or                  Total average assets
                                                                                 furnaces not owned or controlled by the        The average balance of assets held by
                        PPS
                                                                                 reporting company.                             the Group over the period, adjusted for
                        Perpetual preference shares.
                                                                            • Energy used by colleagues working                 discontinued operations.
                        PRB                                                      from home.                                     Total capital
                        Principles for Responsible Banking.                 • Third-party production or manufacture             Tier 1 capital plus Tier 2 capital.
                        RBA                                                      of materials and resources used by the
                                                                                 reporting company, such as furniture,          Total capital ratio
                        Reserve Bank of Australia.
                                                                                 paper and equipment.                           Total capital divided by risk-weighted assets.
                        RBNZ
                                                                            • Indirect losses resulting from the                Total Shareholder Return (TSR)
                        Reserve Bank of New Zealand.                             transmission of electricity and other fuels.   The return that a shareholder receives
                        Required stable funding (RSF)                       • Emissions generated through the                   through dividends (and any other
                        The amount of stable funding an ADI is                   investments a company makes, refer to          distributions) together with capital gains over
                        required to hold measured as a function                  definition for 'Financed emissions'.           a specific period.
                        of the liquidity characteristics and residual       Sector decarbonisation targets                      Treasury shares
                        maturities of the various assets held by an ADI,
                                                                            Refers to interim 2030 sector-specific              Shares issued to meet the requirements of
                        including off-balance sheet exposures.
                                                                            decarbonisation targets set towards                 employee incentive schemes which have not
                        Restructured loans                                  achieving over-arching net zero emissions           yet been distributed.
                        Consists of facilities where a borrower is          by 2050 targets. Also referred to as                UN PRB
                        experiencing financial difficulty or hardship in    'sector targets'.
                                                                                                                                United Nations Principles for
                        meeting their credit obligation or is in default,   Securitisation                                      Responsible Banking.
                        and a non-commercial concession is granted
                                                                            Structured finance technique which involves         Underlying profit / loss
                        to the borrower that would not otherwise be
                                                                            pooling, packaging cash flows and converting
                        considered and the concession is outside of                                                             Underlying profit / loss is a non-IFRS
                                                                            financial assets into securities that can be
                        that which would be provided under normal                                                               performance measure used by the Group.
                                                                            sold to investors.
                        market conditions, and the concession is                                                                It represents cash earnings before credit
                        provided as a path out of default.                  SME                                                 impairment charges and income tax expense.
                        Risk-weighted assets (RWA)                          Small and medium-sized enterprises.                 UNEP FI Guidelines
                        A quantitative measure of risk required by the      Stable Funding Index (SFI)                          United Nations Environment Programme
                        APRA risk-based capital adequacy framework,         Term Funding Index (TFI) plus Customer              Finance Initiative Guidelines for Climate Target
                        covering credit risk for on and off-balance         Funding Index (CFI).                                Setting for Banks.
                        sheet exposures, market risk, operational risk      Standardised approach                               Value at Risk (VaR)
                        and interest rate risk in the banking book.
                                                                            An alternative approach used to calculate           A mathematical technique that uses
                        RMBS                                                the capital requirement for credit risk, which      statistical analysis of historical data to
                        Residential Mortgage Backed Securities.             utilises regulatory prescribed risk-weights         estimate the likelihood that a given portfolio’s
                                                                            based on external ratings and / or the              losses will exceed a certain amount.
                                                                            application of specific regulator defined
                                                                            metrics to determine risk-weighted assets.




                        284   National Australia Bank
                        Weighted average number of
                        ordinary shares
                        The number of ordinary shares outstanding

                                                                                                      About
                        at the beginning of the period, adjusted by
                        the number of ordinary shares bought back
                        or issued during the period multiplied by

                                                                                                   this report
                        a time-weighting factor. The time-weighting
                        factor is the number of days that the shares
                        are outstanding as a proportion of the total
                        number of days in the period.




                                                                                                   Our business

                                                                                                      in 2024




                                                                                                     Creating value




For personal use only
                                                                                                   Corporate
                                                                                                  Governance
                                                                                                   Statement




                                                                                                      Risk

                                                                                                   management




                                                                                                     Report of

                                                                                                   the Directors




                                                                                                     Financial report




                                                                                                    Additional

                                                                                                   information




                                                                       2024 Annual Report   285
                This page has been intentionally left blank.




For personal use only
                This page has been intentionally left blank.




For personal use only
For personal use only




                www.nab.com.au/shareholder
                The cover of this publication is printed on Revive Laser paper stock. Revive Laser is 100% Recycled, manufactured from Forest Stewardship Council®
                (FSC®) Recycled certified fibre and manufactured carbon neutral. It is produced by an ISO14001 (environmental management system) certified mill.
                No chlorine bleaching occurs in the recycling process. The text of this publication is printed on Sumo Laser paper stock. Sumo Laser is an
                environmentally responsible paper manufactured under the ISO14001 Environmental Management System, using elemental chlorine free pulp.
                Sumo Laser is FSC® Certified Mix pulp. The printer’s operation is accredited to ISO 14001 and ISO 9001 (quality management system) standards and
                holds FSC® (chain of Custody) certification.
                This publication is fully recyclable, please dispose of wisely. Emissions generated from the production of this Annual Report have been offset.
                Offsets corresponding to 8,407kg of CO2-e have been retired.


                © 2024 National Australia Bank Limited 12 004 044 937 AFSL and Australian Credit Licence 230686 A178490-1024
