Manulife Financial Corporation
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended December 31, 2019
Responsibility for Financial Reporting
The accompanying consolidated financial statements of Manulife Financial Corporation are the responsibility of management and
have been approved by the Board of Directors. It is also the responsibility of management to ensure that all information in the annual
report to shareholders is consistent with these consolidated financial statements.
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared by management in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards and the accounting requirements of the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions, Canada. When alternative
accounting methods exist, or when estimates and judgment are required, management has selected those amounts that present the
Company’s financial position and results of operations in a manner most appropriate to the circumstances.
Appropriate systems of internal control, policies and procedures have been maintained to ensure that financial information is both
relevant and reliable. The systems of internal control are assessed on an ongoing basis by management and the Company’s internal
audit department.
The actuary appointed by the Board of Directors (the “Appointed Actuary”) is responsible for ensuring that assumptions and methods
used in the determination of policy liabilities are appropriate to the circumstances and that reserves will be adequate to meet the
Company’s future obligations under insurance and annuity contracts.
The Board of Directors is responsible for ensuring that management fulfills its responsibility for financial reporting and is ultimately
responsible for reviewing and approving the consolidated financial statements. These responsibilities are carried out primarily through
an Audit Committee of unrelated and independent directors appointed by the Board of Directors.
The Audit Committee meets periodically with management, the internal auditors, the external auditors and the Appointed Actuary to
discuss internal control over the financial reporting process, auditing matters and financial reporting issues. The Audit Committee
reviews the consolidated financial statements prepared by management and then recommends them to the Board of Directors for
approval. The Audit Committee also recommends to the Board of Directors and shareholders the appointment of external auditors
and approval of their fees.
The consolidated financial statements have been audited by the Company’s external auditors, Ernst & Young LLP, in accordance with
Canadian generally accepted auditing standards and the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States). Ernst & Young LLP has full and free access to management and the Audit Committee.




Roy Gori                                                                  Philip Witherington
President and Chief Executive Officer                                     Chief Financial Officer

Toronto, Canada
February 12, 2020




Appointed Actuary’s Report to the Shareholders
I have valued the policy liabilities and reinsurance recoverables of Manulife Financial Corporation for its Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position as at December 31, 2019 and 2018 and their change in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years then
ended in accordance with actuarial practice generally accepted in Canada, including selection of appropriate assumptions and
methods.

In my opinion, the amount of policy liabilities net of reinsurance recoverables makes appropriate provision for all policyholder
obligations and the consolidated financial statements fairly present the results of the valuation.




Steven Finch
Appointed Actuary

Toronto, Canada
February 12, 2020

96     Manulife Financial Corporation   | 2019 Annual Report | Consolidated Financial Statements
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Manulife Financial Corporation
Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Manulife Financial Corporation (the “Company”), which comprise the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as at December 31, 2019 and 2018, and the Consolidated Statements of Income,
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity and Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows for the years then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant
accounting policies.
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial
position of the Company as at December 31, 2019 and 2018, and its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
flows for the years then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board.

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards. Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our
report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the
consolidated financial statements in Canada, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of the audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each
matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.
We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed
to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit
procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
accompanying consolidated financial statements.
                 Valuation of Insurance Contract Liabilities
 Key Audit       The Company recorded insurance contract liabilities of $351.2 billion at December 31, 2019 on its consolidated statement of
 Matter          financial position. Insurance contract liabilities are reported gross of reinsurance ceded and represent management’s estimate of
                 the amount which, together with estimated future premiums and net investment income, will be sufficient to pay estimated
                 future benefits, policyholder dividends and refunds, taxes (other than income taxes) and expenses on insurance policies in-force.
                 Insurance contract liabilities are determined using the Canadian Asset Liability Method (CALM), as required by the Canadian
                 Institute of Actuaries. The valuation of insurance contract liabilities is based on an explicit projection of cash flows using current
                 assumptions for each material cash flow item. Cash flows related to insurance contract liabilities have two major components: a
                 best estimate assumption and a provision for adverse deviation. Best estimate assumptions are made with respect to mortality,
                 morbidity, investment returns, policy termination rates, premium persistency, expenses, and taxes. A provision for adverse
                 deviation is recorded to reflect the inherent uncertainty related to the timing and amount of the best estimate assumptions.
                 Disclosures on this matter are found in Note 1 ‘Nature of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies’ and Note 6 ‘Insurance
                 Contract Liabilities and Reinsurance Assets’ of the consolidated financial statements.
                 Auditing the valuation of insurance contract liabilities was complex and required the application of significant auditor judgement
                 due to the complexity of the cash flow models, the selection and use of best estimate assumptions, and the interrelationship of
                 these variables in measuring insurance contract liabilities. The audit effort involved professionals with specialized skill and
                 knowledge to assist in evaluating the audit evidence obtained.

 How Our         We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of management’s controls over the
 Audit           valuation of insurance contract liabilities. The controls we tested related to, among other areas, actuarial methodology, integrity
 Addressed the   of data used, controls over relevant information technology, and the assumption setting and implementation processes used by
 Key Audit       management.
 Matter
                 To test the valuation of insurance contract liabilities, our audit procedures included, among other procedures, involving our
                 actuarial specialists to assess the methodology and assumptions with respect to compliance with the Company’s policies,
                 Canadian Institute of Actuaries guidance and industry practice. We performed audit procedures over a sample of assumptions,
                 including the implementation of those assumptions into the models. These procedures included testing underlying support and
                 documentation, including testing a sample of experience studies supporting specific assumptions, challenging the nature and
                 timing of changes recorded, and assessing whether individual changes were errors or refinements of estimates. We also
                 performed independent recalculation procedures on a sample of insurance policies to evaluate management’s recorded reserves.
                 In addition, we assessed the adequacy of the disclosures provided in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.


                                                Consolidated Financial Statements     | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report               97
                    Valuation of Invested Assets with Significant Non-Market Observable Inputs

    Key Audit       The Company recorded invested assets of $17.0 billion at December 31, 2019 on its consolidated statement of financial position
    Matter          which are both (a) measured at fair value and (b) subject to a valuation estimate that includes significant non-market observable
                    inputs. These assets are valued based on internal models or third-party pricing sources that incorporate assumptions with a high-
                    level of subjectivity. Examples of such assumptions include interest rates, yield curves, credit ratings and related spreads, expected
                    future cash flows and transaction prices of comparable assets. These invested assets are classified as level 3 within the Company’s
                    hierarchy of fair value measurements. Disclosures on this matter are found in Note 1 ‘Nature of Operations and Significant
                    Accounting Policies’ and Note 3 ‘Invested Assets and Investment Income’ of the consolidated financial statements.

                    Auditing the valuation of these invested assets was complex and required the application of significant auditor judgment in
                    assessing the valuation methodology and non-observable inputs used. The valuation of these assets is sensitive to the significant
                    non-market observable inputs described above, which are inherently forward-looking and could be affected by future economic
                    and market conditions. The audit effort involved professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating the
                    audit evidence obtained.

    How Our         We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of management’s controls over the
    Audit           investment valuation process. The controls we tested related to, among other areas, management’s determination and approval
    Addressed the   of assumptions and methodologies used in model-based valuations and management’s review of valuations provided by third-
    Key Audit       party pricing sources.
    Matter
                    To test the valuation of these invested assets, our audit procedures included, among other procedures, involving our valuation
                    specialists to assess the methodologies and significant assumptions used by the Company. These procedures included assessing
                    the valuation methodologies used with respect to the Company’s policies, valuation guidelines, and industry practice and
                    comparing a sample of valuation assumptions used against benchmarks, including comparable transactions and independent
                    pricing sources where available. We also performed independent investment valuations on a sample of investments to evaluate
                    management’s recorded values. In addition, we assessed the adequacy of the disclosures provided in the notes to the
                    consolidated financial statements.



Other Information
Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises:
■
    Management’s Discussion and Analysis; and
■
    The information, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon, in the 2019 Annual Report.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information, and in doing
so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge
obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
We obtained Management’s Discussion and Analysis prior to the date of this auditor’s report. If, based on the work we have
performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact in this
auditor’s report. We have nothing to report in this regard.
The 2019 Annual Report is expected to be made available to us after the date of the auditor’s report. If based on the work we will
perform on this other information, we conclude there is a material misstatement of other information, we are required to report that
fact to those charged with governance.




98       Manulife Financial Corporation   | 2019 Annual Report | Consolidated Financial Statements
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated Financial
Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance
is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing
standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards, we exercise professional judgment and
maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
■
  Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
  design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to
  provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one
  resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal
  control.
■
  Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
  circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control.
■
  Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures
  made by management.
■
  Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence
  obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s
  ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
  auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify
  our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
  events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
■
  Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and
  whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
  presentation.
■
  Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the
  Company to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
  performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in
the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
matters in our report of independent registered public accounting firm unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the
adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this report of independent registered public accounting firm is Sean Musselman.




Chartered Professional Accountants
Licensed Public Accountants
Toronto, Canada
February 12, 2020

                                            Consolidated Financial Statements   | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report   99
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Manulife Financial Corporation
Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Financial Position of Manulife Financial Corporation (the “Company”)
as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, the related Consolidated Statements of Income, Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income, Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years then ended, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at
December 31, 2019 and 2018, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.


Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
(“PCAOB”), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019, based on criteria established in Internal
Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013
framework) and our report dated February 12, 2020, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.


Basis for Opinion
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company’s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the
PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or
disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or
complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the
critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

                     Valuation of Insurance Contract Liabilities

 Description of      The Company recorded insurance contract liabilities of $351.2 billion at December 31, 2019 on its consolidated statement of
 the Matter          financial position. Insurance contract liabilities are reported gross of reinsurance ceded and represent management’s estimate
                     of the amount which, together with estimated future premiums and net investment income, will be sufficient to pay
                     estimated future benefits, policyholder dividends and refunds, taxes (other than income taxes) and expenses on insurance
                     policies in-force. Insurance contract liabilities are determined using the Canadian Asset Liability Method (CALM), as required
                     by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. The valuation of insurance contract liabilities is based on an explicit projection of cash
                     flows using current assumptions for each material cash flow item. Cash flows related to insurance contract liabilities have two
                     major components: a best estimate assumption and a provision for adverse deviation. Best estimate assumptions are made
                     with respect to mortality, morbidity, investment returns, policy termination rates, premium persistency, expenses, and taxes. A
                     provision for adverse deviation is recorded to reflect the inherent uncertainty related to the timing and amount of the best
                     estimate assumptions. Disclosures on this matter are found in Note 1 ‘Nature of Operations and Significant Accounting
                     Policies’ and Note 6 ‘Insurance Contract Liabilities and Reinsurance Assets’ of the consolidated financial statements.

                     Auditing the valuation of insurance contract liabilities was complex and required the application of significant auditor
                     judgement due to the complexity of the cash flow models, the selection and use of best estimate assumptions, and the
                     interrelationship of these variables in measuring insurance contract liabilities. The audit effort involved professionals with
                     specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating the audit evidence obtained.


100     Manulife Financial Corporation   | 2019 Annual Report | Consolidated Financial Statements
 How We             We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of management’s controls over
 Addressed the      the valuation of insurance contract liabilities. The controls we tested related to, among other areas, actuarial methodology,
 Matter in Our      integrity of data used, controls over relevant information technology, and the assumption setting and implementation
 Audit              processes used by management.

                    To test the valuation of insurance contract liabilities, our audit procedures included, among other procedures, involving our
                    actuarial specialists to assess the methodology and assumptions with respect to compliance with the Company’s policies,
                    Canadian Institute of Actuaries guidance and industry practice. We performed audit procedures over a sample of
                    assumptions, including the implementation of those assumptions into the models. These procedures included testing
                    underlying support and documentation, including testing a sample of experience studies supporting specific assumptions,
                    challenging the nature and timing of changes recorded, and assessing whether individual changes were errors or refinements
                    of estimates. We also performed independent recalculation procedures on a sample of insurance policies to evaluate
                    management’s recorded reserves. In addition, we assessed the adequacy of the disclosures provided in the notes to the
                    consolidated financial statements.

                    Valuation of Invested Assets with Significant Non-Market Observable Inputs

 Description of     The Company recorded invested assets of $17.0 billion at December 31, 2019 on its consolidated statement of financial
 the Matter         position which are both (a) measured at fair value and (b) subject to a valuation estimate that includes significant non-market
                    observable inputs. These assets are valued based on internal models or third-party pricing sources that incorporate
                    assumptions with a high-level of subjectivity. Examples of such assumptions include interest rates, yield curves, credit ratings
                    and related spreads, expected future cash flows and transaction prices of comparable assets. These invested assets are
                    classified as level 3 within the Company’s hierarchy of fair value measurements. Disclosures on this matter are found in Note
                    1 ‘Nature of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies’ and Note 3 ‘Invested Assets and Investment Income’ of the
                    consolidated financial statements.

                    Auditing the valuation of these invested assets was complex and required the application of significant auditor judgment in
                    assessing the valuation methodology and non-observable inputs used. The valuation of these assets is sensitive to the
                    significant non-market observable inputs described above, which are inherently forward-looking and could be affected by
                    future economic and market conditions. The audit effort involved professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist
                    in evaluating the audit evidence obtained.

 How We             We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of management’s controls over
 Addressed the      the investment valuation process. The controls we tested related to, among other areas, management’s determination and
 Matter in Our      approval of assumptions and methodologies used in model-based valuations and management’s review of valuations
 Audit              provided by third-party pricing sources.

                    To test the valuation of these invested assets, our audit procedures included, among other procedures, involving our valuation
                    specialists to assess the methodologies and significant assumptions used by the Company. These procedures included
                    assessing the valuation methodologies used with respect to the Company’s policies, valuation guidelines, and industry
                    practice and comparing a sample of valuation assumptions used against benchmarks, including comparable transactions and
                    independent pricing sources where available. We also performed independent investment valuations on a sample of
                    investments to evaluate management’s recorded values. In addition, we assessed the adequacy of the disclosures provided in
                    the notes to the consolidated financial statements.




Chartered Professional Accountants
Licensed Public Accountants

We have served as Manulife Financial Corporation’s auditors since 1905.

Toronto, Canada
February 12, 2020




                                             Consolidated Financial Statements    | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report           101
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Manulife Financial Corporation
Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited Manulife Financial Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019, based on criteria
established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (2013 framework) (the “COSO criteria”). In our opinion, Manulife Financial Corporation (the “Company”) maintained, in
all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019, based on the COSO criteria.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
(“PCAOB”), the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position of the Company as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, and the related
Consolidated Statements of Income, Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, Consolidated Statements of Changes in
Equity and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years then ended, and the related notes and our report dated
February 12, 2020, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.


Basis for Opinion
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting contained in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects.
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness
exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing
such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our
opinion.


Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with International Financial
Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. A company’s internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by
the International Accounting Standards Board, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.




Chartered Professional Accountants
Licensed Public Accountants

Toronto, Canada
February 12, 2020




102     Manulife Financial Corporation   | 2019 Annual Report | Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
As at December 31,
(Canadian $ in millions)                                                                                                              2019              2018
Assets
Cash and short-term securities                                                                                                 $    20,300     $    16,215
Debt securities                                                                                                                    198,122         185,594
Public equities                                                                                                                     22,851          19,179
Mortgages                                                                                                                           49,376          48,363
Private placements                                                                                                                  37,979          35,754
Policy loans                                                                                                                         6,471           6,446
Loans to bank clients                                                                                                                1,740           1,793
Real estate                                                                                                                         12,928          12,777
Other invested assets                                                                                                               28,760          27,543
Total invested assets (note 3)                                                                                                     378,527         353,664
Other assets
Accrued investment income                                                                                                            2,416           2,427
Outstanding premiums                                                                                                                 1,385           1,369
Derivatives (note 4)                                                                                                                19,449          13,703
Reinsurance assets (notes 6 and 7)                                                                                                  41,446          43,053
Deferred tax assets (note 16)                                                                                                        4,574           4,318
Goodwill and intangible assets (note 5)                                                                                              9,975          10,097
Miscellaneous                                                                                                                        8,250           8,431
Total other assets                                                                                                                  87,495          83,398
Segregated funds net assets (note 22)                                                                                              343,108         313,209
Total assets                                                                                                                   $ 809,130       $ 750,271
Liabilities and Equity
Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities (note 6)                                                                                        $ 351,161       $ 328,654
Investment contract liabilities (note 7)                                                                                           3,104           3,265
Deposits from bank clients                                                                                                        21,488          19,684
Derivatives (note 4)                                                                                                              10,284           7,803
Deferred tax liabilities (note 16)                                                                                                 1,972           1,814
Other liabilities                                                                                                                 16,244          15,190
                                                                                                                                   404,253         376,410
Long-term debt (note 9)                                                                                                              4,543           4,769
Capital instruments (note 10)                                                                                                        7,120           8,732
Segregated funds net liabilities (note 22)                                                                                         343,108         313,209
Total liabilities                                                                                                                  759,024         703,120
Equity
Preferred shares (note 11)                                                                                                           3,822           3,822
Common shares (note 11)                                                                                                             23,127          22,961
Contributed surplus                                                                                                                    254             265
Shareholders’ retained earnings                                                                                                     15,488          12,704
Shareholders’ accumulated other comprehensive income (loss):
    Pension and other post-employment plans                                                                                           (350)             (426)
    Available-for-sale securities                                                                                                    1,511              (265)
    Cash flow hedges                                                                                                                  (143)             (127)
    Real estate revaluation surplus                                                                                                     31                20
    Translation of foreign operations                                                                                                5,398             7,010
Total shareholders’ equity                                                                                                          49,138          45,964
Participating policyholders’ equity                                                                                                   (243)             94
Non-controlling interests                                                                                                            1,211           1,093
Total equity                                                                                                                        50,106          47,151
Total liabilities and equity                                                                                                   $ 809,130       $ 750,271

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.




Roy Gori                                                                                  John Cassaday
President and Chief Executive Officer                                                     Chairman of the Board of Directors


                                                     Consolidated Financial Statements         | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report       103
Consolidated Statements of Income
For the years ended December 31,
(Canadian $ in millions except per share amounts)                                                                         2019          2018
Revenue
Premium income
   Gross premiums                                                                                                   $   41,059    $ 39,150
   Premiums ceded to reinsurers                                                                                         (5,481)     (15,138)
Net premiums                                                                                                            35,578        24,012
Investment income (note 3)
    Investment income                                                                                                   15,393        13,560
    Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on assets supporting insurance and investment contract liabilities and
        on the macro hedge program                                                                                      18,200        (9,028)
Net investment income                                                                                                   33,593         4,532
Other revenue (note 13)                                                                                                 10,399        10,428
Total revenue                                                                                                           79,570        38,972
Contract benefits and expenses
To contract holders and beneficiaries
   Gross claims and benefits (note 6)                                                                                   28,660        27,878
   Increase (decrease) in insurance contract liabilities (note 6)                                                       33,727          2,907
   Increase (decrease) in investment contract liabilities (note 7)                                                         170             35
   Benefits and expenses ceded to reinsurers                                                                            (5,373)        (5,153)
   (Increase) decrease in reinsurance assets (note 6)                                                                   (1,269)        (9,733)
Net benefits and claims                                                                                                 55,915        15,934
General expenses                                                                                                         7,686         7,957
Investment expenses (note 3)                                                                                             1,748         1,708
Commissions                                                                                                              6,293         6,173
Interest expense                                                                                                         1,319         1,275
Net premium taxes                                                                                                          389           406
Total contract benefits and expenses                                                                                    73,350        33,453
Income before income taxes                                                                                               6,220         5,519
Income tax expense (note 16)                                                                                              (718)         (632)
Net income                                                                                                          $    5,502    $    4,887
Net income (loss) attributed to:
   Non-controlling interests                                                                                        $      233    $      214
   Participating policyholders                                                                                            (333)         (127)
   Shareholders                                                                                                          5,602         4,800
                                                                                                                    $    5,502    $    4,887
Net income attributed to shareholders                                                                                    5,602         4,800
Preferred share dividends                                                                                                 (172)         (168)
Common shareholders’ net income                                                                                     $    5,430    $    4,632
Earnings per share
   Basic earnings per common share (note 11)                                                                        $     2.77    $     2.34
   Diluted earnings per common share (note 11)                                                                            2.77          2.33
Dividends per common share                                                                                                1.00          0.91

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.




104       Manulife Financial Corporation       | 2019 Annual Report | Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
For the years ended December 31,
(Canadian $ in millions)                                                                                                           2019            2018
Net income                                                                                                                   $ 5,502        $ 4,887
Other comprehensive income (loss) (“OCI”), net of tax:
Items that may be subsequently reclassified to net income:
Foreign exchange gains (losses) on:
   Translation of foreign operations                                                                                             (1,933)          3,078
   Net investment hedges                                                                                                            320            (428)
Available-for-sale financial securities:
   Unrealized gains (losses) arising during the year                                                                             2,212             (458)
   Reclassification of net realized (gains) losses and impairments to net income                                                  (433)              13
Cash flow hedges:
   Unrealized gains (losses) arising during the year                                                                                (28)            (34)
   Reclassification of realized losses to net income                                                                                 12              16
Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of associates                                                                            1               (1)
Total items that may be subsequently reclassified to net income                                                                    151            2,186
Items that will not be reclassified to net income:
   Change in pension and other post-employment plans                                                                                76              (62)
   Real estate revaluation reserve                                                                                                  11                (1)
Total items that will not be reclassified to net income                                                                             87              (63)
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                                                                                      238            2,123
Total comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                                                                                $ 5,740        $ 7,010
Total comprehensive income (loss) attributed to:
   Non-controlling interests                                                                                                 $     237      $       212
   Participating policyholders                                                                                                    (334)            (127)
   Shareholders                                                                                                                  5,837            6,925



Income Taxes included in Other Comprehensive Income
For the years ended December 31,
(Canadian $ in millions)                                                                                                          2019             2018
Income tax expense (recovery) on:
Unrealized foreign exchange gains/losses on translation of foreign operations                                                $      (1)     $          1
Unrealized foreign exchange gains/losses on net investment hedges                                                                   39               (62)
Unrealized gains/losses on available-for-sale financial securities                                                                 558             (151)
Reclassification of realized gains/losses and recoveries/impairments to net income on available-for-sale financial
  securities                                                                                                                      (140)              26
Unrealized gains/losses on cash flow hedges                                                                                        (20)              31
Reclassification of realized gains/losses to net income on cash flow hedges                                                          4                4
Change in pension and other post-employment plans                                                                                   18                4
Real estate revaluation reserve                                                                                                      –                1
Total income tax expense (recovery)                                                                                          $     458      $      (146)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                     Consolidated Financial Statements    | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report        105
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
For the years ended December 31,
(Canadian $ in millions)                                                                                     2019         2018
Preferred shares
Balance, beginning of year                                                                                $ 3,822     $ 3,577
Issued (note 11)                                                                                                –         250
Issuance costs, net of tax                                                                                      –           (5)
Balance, end of year                                                                                        3,822       3,822
Common shares
Balance, beginning of year                                                                                 22,961      22,989
Repurchased (note 11)                                                                                        (677)       (269)
Issued on exercise of stock options and deferred share units                                                  104          59
Issued under dividend reinvestment and share purchase plans                                                   739         182
Balance, end of year                                                                                       23,127      22,961
Contributed surplus
Balance, beginning of year                                                                                    265         277
Exercise of stock options and deferred share units                                                            (20)         (10)
Stock option expense                                                                                           11           10
Impact of deferred tax asset rate change                                                                       (2)           –
Acquisition of non-controlling interest                                                                         –          (12)
Balance, end of year                                                                                          254         265
Shareholders’ retained earnings
Balance, beginning of year                                                                                 12,704      10,083
Opening adjustment at adoption of IFRS 16 (note 2)                                                            (19)           –
Net income attributed to shareholders                                                                       5,602        4,800
Common shares repurchased (note 11)                                                                          (662)        (209)
Preferred share dividends                                                                                    (172)        (168)
Common share dividends                                                                                     (1,965)      (1,802)
Balance, end of year                                                                                       15,488      12,704
Shareholders’ accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (“AOCI”)
Balance, beginning of year                                                                                   6,212      4,087
Change in unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) of net foreign operations                              (1,612)     2,650
Change in actuarial gains (losses) on pension and other post-employment plans                                   76         (62)
Change in unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale financial securities                               1,775       (443)
Change in unrealized gains (losses) on derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges                   (16)        (18)
Change in real estate revaluation reserve                                                                       11           (1)
Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of associates                                                       1           (1)
Balance, end of year                                                                                        6,447       6,212
Total shareholders’ equity, end of year                                                                    49,138      45,964
Participating policyholders’ equity
Balance, beginning of year                                                                                     94          221
Opening adjustment at adoption of IFRS 16 (note 2)                                                             (3)           –
Net income (loss) attributed to participating policyholders                                                  (333)        (127)
Other comprehensive income attributed to policyholders                                                         (1)           –
Balance, end of year                                                                                         (243)         94
Non-controlling interests
Balance, beginning of year                                                                                  1,093         929
Net income attributed to non-controlling interests                                                            233         214
Other comprehensive income (loss) attributed to non-controlling interests                                       4            (2)
Contributions (distributions/disposal), net                                                                  (119)         (48)
Balance, end of year                                                                                        1,211       1,093
Total equity, end of year                                                                                 $ 50,106    $ 47,151

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.




106       Manulife Financial Corporation       | 2019 Annual Report | Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the years ended December 31,
(Canadian $ in millions)                                                                                                        2019               2018
Operating activities
Net income                                                                                                                 $ 5,502         $      4,887
Adjustments:
   Increase in insurance contract liabilities                                                                                33,727               2,907
   Increase in investment contract liabilities                                                                                  170                  35
   (Increase) decrease in reinsurance assets excluding coinsurance transactions (note 6)                                       (557)                893
   Amortization of (premium) discount on invested assets                                                                        117                 212
   Other amortization                                                                                                           626                 747
   Net realized and unrealized (gains) losses and impairment on assets                                                      (20,265)              8,727
   Deferred income tax expense (recovery)                                                                                      (454)                930
   Stock option expense                                                                                                          11                  10
Cash provided by operating activities before undernoted items                                                                18,877             19,348
Changes in policy related and operating receivables and payables                                                              1,665               (160)
Cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                                                              20,542             19,188
Investing activities
Purchases and mortgage advances                                                                                             (80,610)           (101,172)
Disposals and repayments                                                                                                     65,333              82,111
Change in investment broker net receivables and payables                                                                      1,159                (128)
Net cash flows from acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries and businesses                                                     288                 187
Cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                                                             (13,830)            (19,002)
Financing activities
Change in repurchase agreements and securities sold but not yet purchased                                                       266                (189)
Redemption of long-term debt (note 9)                                                                                             –                (400)
Issue of capital instruments, net (note 10)                                                                                       –                 597
Redemption of capital instruments (note 10)                                                                                  (1,500)               (450)
Secured borrowing from securitization transactions                                                                              107                 250
Changes in deposits from Bank clients, net                                                                                    1,819               1,490
Lease payments (note 2)                                                                                                        (117)                   –
Shareholders’ dividends paid in cash                                                                                         (1,398)             (1,788)
Contributions from (distributions to) non-controlling interests, net                                                            (22)                 (60)
Common shares repurchased (note 11)                                                                                          (1,339)               (478)
Common shares issued, net (note 11)                                                                                             104                   59
Preferred shares issued, net (note 11)                                                                                            –                 245
Cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                                                              (2,080)               (724)
Cash and short-term securities
Increase (decrease) during the year                                                                                           4,632               (538)
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and short-term securities                                                      (466)               822
Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                   15,382             15,098
Balance, December 31                                                                                                         19,548             15,382
Cash and short-term securities
Beginning of year
Gross cash and short-term securities                                                                                         16,215             15,965
Net payments in transit, included in other liabilities                                                                         (833)              (867)
Net cash and short-term securities, January 1                                                                                15,382             15,098
End of year
Gross cash and short-term securities                                                                                         20,300             16,215
Net payments in transit, included in other liabilities                                                                         (752)              (833)
Net cash and short-term securities, December 31                                                                            $ 19,548        $ 15,382
Supplemental disclosures on cash flow information
Interest received                                                                                                          $ 11,549        $ 10,952
Interest paid                                                                                                                 1,299           1,212
Income taxes paid (refund)                                                                                                      104             461

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                     Consolidated Financial Statements    | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report        107
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Page Number    Note

109            Note 1 Nature of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies
116            Note 2 Accounting and Reporting Changes
119            Note 3 Invested Assets and Investment Income
127            Note 4 Derivative and Hedging Instruments
133            Note 5 Goodwill and Intangible Assets
135            Note 6 Insurance Contract Liabilities and Reinsurance Assets
144            Note 7 Investment Contract Liabilities
145            Note 8 Risk Management
151            Note 9 Long-Term Debt
152            Note 10 Capital Instruments
153            Note 11 Share Capital and Earnings Per Share
154            Note 12 Capital Management
155            Note 13 Revenue from Service Contracts
156            Note 14 Stock-Based Compensation
158            Note 15 Employee Future Benefits
162            Note 16 Income Taxes
164            Note 17 Interests in Structured Entities
166            Note 18 Commitments and Contingencies
168            Note 19 Segmented Information
170            Note 20 Related Parties
170            Note 21 Subsidiaries
172            Note 22 Segregated Funds
174            Note 23 Information Provided in Connection with Investments in Deferred Annuity Contracts and
                       SignatureNotes Issued or Assumed by John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.)
178            Note 24 Comparatives




108    Manulife Financial Corporation   | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(Canadian $ in millions except per share amounts or unless otherwise stated)


Note 1        Nature of Operations and Significant Accounting Policies
(a) Reporting entity
Manulife Financial Corporation (“MFC”) is a publicly traded company and the holding company of The Manufacturers Life Insurance
Company (“MLI”), a Canadian life insurance company. MFC and its subsidiaries (collectively, “Manulife” or the “Company”) is a
leading financial services group with principal operations in Asia, Canada and the United States. Manulife’s international network of
employees, agents and distribution partners offers financial protection and wealth management products and services to personal and
business clients as well as asset management services to institutional customers. The Company operates as Manulife in Canada and
Asia and as John Hancock in the United States.
MFC is domiciled in Canada and incorporated under the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) (“ICA”). These Consolidated Financial
Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”).
These Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with “Risk Management” in the 2019 Management’s
Discussion and Analysis (“MD&A”) dealing with IFRS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” as the discussion on market risk and
liquidity risk includes certain disclosures that are considered an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.
These Consolidated Financial Statements as at and for the year ended December 31, 2019 were authorized for issue by MFC’s Board
of Directors on February 12, 2020.

(b) Basis of preparation
The preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with IFRS requires management to make judgments, estimates
and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and the
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements, and the reported amounts of
revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results may differ from these estimates. The most significant estimation
processes relate to assumptions used in measuring insurance and investment contract liabilities, assessing assets for impairment,
determining of pension and other post-employment benefit obligation and expense assumptions, determining income taxes and
uncertain tax positions and fair valuation of certain invested assets. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing
basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the year in which the estimates are revised and in any future years affected.
Although some variability is inherent in these estimates, management believes that the amounts recorded are appropriate. The
significant accounting policies used and the most significant judgments made by management in applying these accounting policies in
the preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements are summarized below.

(c) Fair value measurement
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction (not a
forced liquidation or distress sale) between market participants at the measurement date, that is, an exit value.
When available, quoted market prices are used to determine fair value. If quoted market prices are not available, fair value is typically
based upon alternative valuation techniques such as discounted cash flows, matrix pricing, consensus pricing services and other
techniques. Broker quotes are generally used when external public vendor prices are not available.
The Company has a process in place that includes a review of price movements relative to the market, a comparison of prices between
vendors, and a comparison to internal matrix pricing which uses predominately external observable data. Judgment is applied in
adjusting external observable data for items including liquidity and credit factors.
The Company categorizes its fair value measurements according to a three-level hierarchy. The hierarchy prioritizes the inputs used by
the Company’s valuation techniques. A level is assigned to each fair value measurement based on the lowest level input significant to
the fair value measurement in its entirety. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are defined as follows:
Level 1 – Fair value measurements that reflect unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities that the
Company can access at the measurement date reflecting market transactions.
Level 2 – Fair value measurements using inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or
liability, either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for
identical or similar assets and liabilities in inactive markets, inputs that are observable that are not prices (such as interest rates, credit
risks, etc.) and inputs that are derived from or corroborated by observable market data. Most debt securities are classified within
Level 2. Also, included in the Level 2 category are derivative instruments that are priced using models with observable market inputs,
including interest rate swaps, equity swaps, and foreign currency forward contracts.
Level 3 – Fair value measurements using significant non-market observable inputs. These include valuations for assets and liabilities
that are derived using data, some or all of which is not market observable, including assumptions about risk. Level 3 securities include
less liquid securities such as real estate investment property, other invested assets, timber investments held within segregated funds,
certain long-duration bonds and other securities that have little or no price transparency. Certain derivative financial instruments are
also included in Level 3.

                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report   109
(d) Basis of consolidation
MFC consolidates the financial statements of all entities, including certain structured entities that it controls. Subsidiaries are entities
controlled by the Company. The Company has control over an entity when the Company has the power to govern the financial and
operating policies of the entity, is exposed to variable returns from its activities which are significant in relation to the total variable
returns of the entity and the Company is able to use its power over the entity to affect its share of variable returns. In assessing
control, significant judgment is applied while considering all relevant facts and circumstances. When assessing decision-making power,
the Company considers the extent of its rights relative to the management of an entity, the level of voting rights held in an entity
which are potentially or presently exercisable, the existence of any contractual management agreements which may provide the
Company with power over an entity’s financial and operating policies and to the extent of other parties’ ownership in an entity, if any,
the possibility for de facto control being present. When assessing returns, the Company considers the significance of direct and
indirect financial and non-financial variable returns to the Company from an entity’s activities in addition to the proportionate
significance of such returns. The Company also considers the degree to which its interests are aligned with those of other parties
investing in an entity and the degree to which it may act in its own interest.
The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in MFC’s consolidated results from the date control is established and are
excluded from consolidation from the date control ceases. The initial control assessment is performed at inception of the Company’s
involvement with the entity and is reconsidered at a later date if the Company acquires or loses power over key operating and
financial policies of the entity; acquires additional interests or disposes of interests in the entity; the contractual arrangements of the
entity are amended such that the Company’s proportionate exposure to variable returns changes; or if the Company’s ability to use its
power to affect its variable returns from the entity changes.
The Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared using uniform accounting policies for like transactions and
events in similar circumstances. Intercompany balances, and income and expenses arising from intercompany transactions, have been
eliminated in preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Non-controlling interests are interests of other parties in the equity of MFC’s subsidiaries and are presented within total equity,
separate from the equity of MFC’s shareholders. Non-controlling interests in the net income and other comprehensive income (“OCI”)
of MFC’s subsidiaries are included in total net income and total OCI, respectively. An exception to this occurs where the subsidiary’s
shares are required to be redeemed for cash on a fixed or determinable date, in which case other parties’ interests in the subsidiary’s
capital are presented as liabilities of the Company and other parties in the subsidiary’s income and OCI are recorded as expenses of
the Company.
The equity method of accounting is used to account for entities over which the Company has significant influence or joint control
(“associates” or “joint ventures”), whereby the Company records its share of the associate’s or joint venture’s net assets and financial
results using uniform accounting policies for similar transactions and events. Significant judgment is used to determine whether voting
rights, contractual management and other relationships with the entity, if any, provide the Company with significant influence or joint
control over the entity. Gains and losses on the sale of associates or joint ventures are included in income when realized, while
impairment losses are recognized immediately when there is objective evidence of impairment. Gains and losses on commercial
transactions with associates or joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Company’s interest in the associate or joint venture.
Investments in associates or joint ventures are included in other invested assets on the Company’s Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position.

(e) Invested assets
Invested assets that are considered financial instruments are classified as fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), loans and
receivables, or as available-for-sale (“AFS”) financial assets. The Company determines the classification of its financial assets at initial
recognition. Invested assets are recognized initially at fair value plus, in the case of investments not at FVTPL, directly attributable
transaction costs. Invested assets are classified as financial instruments at FVTPL if they are held for trading, if they are designated by
management under the fair value option, or if they are designated by management when they include one or more embedded
derivatives. Invested assets classified as AFS are non-derivative financial assets that do not fall into any of the other categories
described above.
Valuation methods for the Company’s invested assets are described above. All fair value valuations are performed in accordance with
IFRS 13 “Fair Value Measurement”. Disclosure of financial instruments carried at fair value with the three levels of the fair value
hierarchy and the disclosure of the fair value for financial instruments not carried at fair value on the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position are presented in note 3. Fair value valuations are performed by the Company and by third-party service providers.
When third-party service providers are engaged, the Company performs a variety of procedures to corroborate pricing information.
These procedures may include, but are not limited to, inquiry and review of valuation techniques, inputs to the valuation and vendor
controls reports.
Cash and short-term securities comprise of cash, current operating accounts, overnight bank and term deposits, and fixed income
securities held for meeting short-term cash commitments. Short-term securities are carried at fair value. Short-term securities are
comprised of investments due to mature within one year of the date of purchase. Commercial paper and discount notes are classified
as Level 2 because these securities are typically not actively traded. Net payments in transit and overdraft bank balances are included
in other liabilities.



110     Manulife Financial Corporation   | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Debt securities are carried at fair value. Debt securities are generally valued by independent pricing vendors using proprietary pricing
models incorporating current market inputs for similar instruments with comparable terms and credit quality (matrix pricing). The
significant inputs include, but are not limited to, yield curves, credit risks and spreads, prepayment rates and volatility of these inputs.
These debt securities are classified as Level 2 but can be Level 3 if significant inputs are market unobservable. Realized gains and losses
on sale of debt securities and unrealized gains and losses on debt securities designated as FVTPL are recognized in investment income
immediately. Unrealized gains and losses on AFS debt securities are recorded in OCI, except for unrealized gains and losses on foreign
currency translation which are included in income. Impairment losses on AFS debt securities are recognized in income on an individual
security basis when there is objective evidence of impairment. Impairment is considered to have occurred, based on management’s
judgment, when it is deemed probable that the Company will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the debt security’s
contractual terms.
Equities are comprised of common and preferred equities and are carried at fair value. Equities are generally classified as Level 1, as
fair values are normally based on quoted market prices. Realized gains and losses on sale of equities and unrealized gains and losses
on equities designated as FVTPL are recognized in investment income immediately. Unrealized gains and losses on AFS equities are
recorded in OCI. Impairment losses on AFS equities are recognized in income on an individual security basis when there is objective
evidence of impairment. Impairment is considered to have occurred when fair value has declined below cost by a significant amount
or for a prolonged period of time. Judgment is applied in determining whether the decline is significant or prolonged.
Mortgages are carried at amortized cost and are classified as Level 3 for fair value purposes due to the lack of market observability of
certain significant valuation inputs. Realized gains and losses are recorded in investment income immediately. Impairment losses are
recorded on mortgages when there is no longer reasonable assurance as to the timely collection of the full amount of principal and
interest and are measured based on the discounted value of expected future cash flows at the original effective interest rates inherent
in the mortgage. Expected future cash flows of impaired mortgages are typically determined with reference to the fair value of
collateral security underlying the mortgage, net of expected costs of realization and including any applicable insurance recoveries.
Significant judgment is applied in the determination of impairment including the timing and amount of future collections.
The Company accounts for insured and uninsured mortgage securitizations as secured financing transactions since the criteria for sale
accounting are not met. For these transactions, the Company continues to recognize the mortgages and records a liability in other
liabilities for the amounts owed at maturity. Interest income from these mortgages and interest expense on the borrowings are
recorded using the effective interest rate method.
Private placements, which include corporate loans for which there is no active market, are carried at amortized cost and are generally
classified as Level 2 for fair value disclosure purposes or as Level 3 if significant inputs are market unobservable. Realized gains and
losses are recorded in income immediately. Impairment losses are recorded on private placements when there is no longer assurance
as to the timely collection of the full amount of principal and interest. Impairment is measured based on the discounted value of
expected future cash flows at the original effective interest rate inherent in the loan. Significant judgment is applied in the
determination of impairment including the timing and amount of future collections.
Policy loans are carried at an amount equal to their unpaid balances and are classified as Level 2 for fair value disclosure purposes.
Policy loans are fully collateralized by the cash surrender value of the underlying policies.
Loans to Manulife Bank of Canada (“Manulife Bank” or “Bank”) clients are carried at amortized cost and are classified as Level 2 for
fair value disclosure purposes. A loan to a Bank client is considered impaired when there is objective evidence of impairment because
of one or more loss events that have occurred after initial recognition, with a negative impact on the estimated future cash flows of
the loan.
Once established, allowances for impairment of mortgages, private placements and loans to Bank clients are reversed only if the
conditions that caused the impairment no longer exist. Reversals of impairment charges on AFS debt securities are only recognized in
income to the extent that increases in fair value can be attributed to events after the impairment loss being recorded. Impairment
losses for AFS equity instruments are not reversed through income. On disposition of an impaired asset, any allowance for impairment
is released.
In addition to impairments and provisions for loan losses (recoveries) reported in investment income, the measurement of insurance
contract liabilities, via investment return assumptions, includes expected future credit losses on fixed income investments. Refer to
note 6(d).
Interest income is recognized on debt securities, mortgages, private placements, policy loans and loans to Bank clients as it accrues
and is calculated using the effective interest rate method. Premiums, discounts and transaction costs are amortized over the life of the
underlying investment using the effective yield method for all debt securities as well as mortgages and private placements.
The Company records purchases and sales of invested assets on a trade date basis, except for loans originated by the Company, which
are recognized on a settlement date basis.
Real estate consists of both own use and investment property. Own use property is carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and
any accumulated impairment losses. Depreciation is calculated based on the cost of an asset less its residual value and is recognized in
income on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life ranging from 30 to 60 years. Impairment losses are recorded in income to
the extent the recoverable amount is less than the carrying amount. Where own use property is included in assets backing insurance
contract liabilities, the fair value of the property is used in the valuation of insurance contract liabilities. Own use property is classified
as Level 3 for fair value disclosure purposes.

                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report     111
An investment property is a property held to earn rental income, for capital appreciation, or both. Investment properties are measured
at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in income. Fair value is determined using external appraisals that are based on the
highest and best use of the property. The valuation techniques include discounted cash flows, the direct capitalization method as well
as comparable sales analysis and include both observable and unobservable inputs. Inputs include existing and assumed tenancies,
market data from recent comparable transactions, future economic outlook and market risk assumptions, capitalization rates and
internal rates of return. Investment properties are classified as Level 3 for fair value disclosure purposes.
When a property changes from own use to investment property, any gain or loss arising on the remeasurement of the property to fair
value at the date of transfer is recognized in OCI, to the extent that it is not reversing a previous impairment loss. Reversals of
impairment losses are recognized in income.
Other invested assets include private equity and property investments held in infrastructure and timber, as well as in agriculture and oil
and gas sectors. Private equity investments are accounted for as associates or joint ventures using the equity method (as described in
note 1(d) above) or are classified as FVTPL or AFS and carried at fair value. Investments in oil and gas exploration and evaluation
activities are measured on the cost basis using the “successful efforts” method. Timber and agriculture properties are measured at fair
value with changes in fair value recognized in income, except for buildings, equipment and bearer plants which are measured at
amortized cost. The fair value of other invested assets is determined using a variety of valuation techniques as described in note 3.
Other invested assets that are measured or disclosed at fair value are classified as Level 3.
Other invested assets also include investments in leveraged leases, which are accounted for using the equity method. The carrying
value under the equity method reflects the amortized cost of the lease receivable and related non-recourse debt using the effective
yield method.

(f) Goodwill and intangible assets
Goodwill represents the difference between the fair value of purchase consideration of an acquired business and the Company’s
proportionate share of the net identifiable assets acquired. It is initially recorded at cost and subsequently measured at cost less any
accumulated impairment.
Goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amounts may not be recoverable at the cash generating unit (“CGU”) or group of CGUs level. The Company allocates goodwill to
CGUs or groups of CGUs for impairment testing based on the lowest level within the entity in which the goodwill is monitored for
internal management purposes. The allocation is made to those CGUs or groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the
business combination in which the goodwill arose. Any potential impairment of goodwill is identified by comparing the recoverable
amount with the carrying value of a CGU or group of CGUs. Goodwill is reduced by the amount of deficiency, if any. If the deficiency
exceeds the carrying amount of goodwill, the carrying values of the remaining assets in the CGU or group of CGUs are subject to
being reduced by the excess on a pro-rata basis.
The recoverable amount of a CGU is the higher of the estimated fair value less costs to sell or the value-in-use of the CGU. In
assessing value-in-use, estimated future cash flows are discounted using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market
assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. In some cases, the most recent detailed calculation made in
a prior period of the recoverable amount of a CGU is used in the testing of impairment of goodwill in the current period. This is the
case only if there are no significant changes to the CGU, the likelihood of impairment is remote based on the analysis of current
events and circumstances, and the most recently calculated recoverable amount substantially exceeds the current carrying amount of
the CGU.
Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives include the John Hancock brand name, certain investment management contracts and
agricultural water rights. The indefinite useful life assessment for brand is based on the brand name being protected in markets where
branded products are sold by trademarks, which are renewable indefinitely, and for certain investment management contracts due to
the ability to renew these contracts indefinitely. In addition, there are no legal, regulatory or contractual provisions that limit the useful
lives of these intangible assets. An intangible asset with an indefinite useful life is not amortized but is subject to an annual
impairment test which is performed more frequently if an indication that it is not recoverable arises.
Intangible assets with finite useful lives include acquired distribution networks, customer relationships, capitalized software, certain
investment management contracts and other contractual rights. Distribution networks, customer relationships, and other finite life
intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives, six to 68 years, either based on straight-line or in relation to other
asset consumption metrics. Software intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of three
to five years. Finite life intangible assets are assessed for indicators of impairment at each reporting period. If any indication of
impairment exists, these assets are subject to an impairment test.

(g) Miscellaneous assets
Miscellaneous assets include assets held in a rabbi trust with respect to unfunded defined benefit obligations, defined benefit assets, if
any (refer to note 1(o)), deferred acquisition costs and capital assets. Deferred acquisition costs are carried at cost less accumulated
amortization. These costs are recognized over the period where redemption fees may be charged or over the period revenue is
earned. Capital assets are carried at cost less accumulated amortization computed on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful
lives, which vary from two to 10 years.

112     Manulife Financial Corporation   | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(h) Segregated funds
The Company manages segregated funds on behalf of policyholders. The investment returns on these funds are passed directly to
policyholders. In some cases, the Company has provided guarantees associated with these funds.
Segregated funds net assets are measured at fair value and include investments in mutual funds, debt securities, equities, cash, short-
term investments and other investments. With respect to the consolidation requirement of IFRS, in assessing the Company’s degree of
control over the underlying investments, the Company considers the scope of its decision-making rights, the rights held by other
parties, its remuneration as an investment manager and its exposure to variability of returns. The Company has determined that it
does not have control over the underlying investments as it acts as an agent on behalf of segregated fund policyholders.
The methodology applied to determine the fair value of investments held in segregated funds is consistent with that applied to
invested assets held by the general fund, as described above in note 1(e). Segregated funds liabilities are measured based on the value
of the segregated funds net assets. Investment returns on segregated funds assets belong to policyholders and the Company does not
bear the risk associated with these assets outside of guarantees offered on certain variable life and annuity products, for which the
underlying investments are held within segregated funds. Accordingly, investment income earned by segregated funds and expenses
incurred by segregated funds are offset and are not separately presented in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Fee income
earned by the Company for managing the segregated funds is included in other revenue.
Liabilities related to guarantees associated with certain segregated funds, as a result of certain variable life and annuity contracts, are
recorded within the Company’s insurance contract liabilities. The Company holds assets supporting these guarantees in the general
fund, which are included in invested assets according to their investment type.

(i) Insurance and investment contract liabilities
Most contracts issued by the Company are considered insurance, investment or service contracts. Contracts under which the
Company accepts significant insurance risk from a policyholder are classified as insurance contracts in the Consolidated Financial
Statements. A contract is considered to have significant insurance risk if, and only if, an insured event could cause an insurer to make
significant additional payments in any scenario, excluding scenarios that lack commercial substance at the inception of the contract.
Contracts under which the Company does not accept significant insurance risk are either classified as investment contracts or
considered service contracts and are accounted for in accordance with IAS 39 “Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement”
or IFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”, respectively.
Once a contract has been classified as an insurance contract it remains an insurance contract even if the insurance risk reduces
significantly. Investment contracts can be reclassified as insurance contracts if insurance risk subsequently becomes significant.
Insurance contract liabilities, net of reinsurance assets, represent the amount which, together with estimated future premiums and net
investment income, will be sufficient to pay estimated future benefits, policyholder dividends and refunds, taxes (other than income
taxes) and expenses on policies in-force. Insurance contract liabilities are presented gross of reinsurance assets on the Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position. The Company’s Appointed Actuary is responsible for determining the amount of insurance contract
liabilities in accordance with standards established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. Insurance contract liabilities, net of
reinsurance assets, have been determined using the Canadian Asset Liability Method (“CALM”) as permitted by IFRS 4 “Insurance
Contracts”. Refer to note 6.
Investment contract liabilities include contracts issued to retail and institutional investors that do not contain significant insurance risk.
Investment contract liabilities and deposits are measured at amortized cost or at fair value by election. The election reduces accounting
mismatches between assets supporting these contracts and the related policy liabilities. Investment contract liabilities are derecognized
when the contract expires, is discharged or is cancelled.
Derivatives embedded within insurance contracts are separately accounted for as derivatives if they are not considered to be closely
related to the host insurance contract and do not meet the definition of an insurance contract. These embedded derivatives are
presented separately in other assets or other liabilities and are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in income.

(j) Reinsurance assets
The Company uses reinsurance in the normal course of business to manage its risk exposure. Insurance ceded to a reinsurer does not
relieve the Company from its obligations to policyholders. The Company remains liable to its policyholders for the portion reinsured to
the extent that any reinsurer does not meet its obligations for reinsurance ceded to it under a reinsurance agreement.
Reinsurance assets represent the benefit derived from reinsurance agreements in-force at the reporting date, considering the financial
condition of the reinsurer. Amounts recoverable from reinsurers are estimated in accordance with the terms of the relevant
reinsurance contract.
Gains or losses on reinsurance transactions are recognized in income immediately on the transaction date and are not amortized.
Premiums ceded and claims reimbursed are presented on a gross basis on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Reinsurance assets
are not offset against the related insurance contract liabilities and are presented separately on the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Position. Refer to note 6(a).




                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report    113
(k) Other financial instruments accounted for as liabilities
The Company issues a variety of other financial instruments classified as liabilities, including notes payable, term notes, senior notes,
senior debentures, subordinated notes, surplus notes and preferred shares. These financial liabilities are measured at amortized cost,
with issuance costs deferred and amortized using the effective interest rate method.

(l) Income taxes
The provision for income taxes is calculated based on income tax laws and income tax rates substantively enacted as at the date of the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. The income tax provision is comprised of current income taxes and deferred income
taxes. Current and deferred income taxes relating to items recognized in OCI and directly in equity are similarly recognized in OCI and
directly in equity, respectively.
Current income taxes are amounts expected to be payable or recoverable for the current year and any adjustments to taxes payable in
respect of previous years.
Deferred income taxes are provided for using the liability method and result from temporary differences between the carrying values
of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred income taxes are measured at the substantively enacted tax rates that
are expected to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse.
A deferred tax asset is recognized to the extent that future realization of the tax benefit is probable. Deferred tax assets are reviewed
at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the tax benefit will be realized. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and liabilities and they relate to income
taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity.
Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences, except in respect of taxable temporary differences
associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, where the timing of the reversal of the temporary
differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
The Company records liabilities for uncertain tax positions if it is probable that the Company will make a payment on tax positions due
to examinations by tax authorities. These provisions are measured at the Company’s best estimate of the amount expected to be paid.
Provisions are reversed to income in the period in which management assesses they are no longer required or determined by statute.
The Company is subject to income tax laws in various jurisdictions. Tax laws are complex and potentially subject to different
interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant tax authority. The provision for current income taxes and deferred income taxes
represents management’s interpretation of the relevant tax laws and its estimate of current and future income tax implications of the
transactions and events during the year. The Company may be required to change its provision for income taxes or deferred income
tax balances when the ultimate deductibility of certain items is successfully challenged by taxing authorities, or if estimates used in
determining the amount of deferred tax balances to recognize change significantly, or when receipt of new information indicates the
need for adjustment in the amount of deferred income taxes to be recognized. Additionally, future events, such as changes in tax
laws, tax regulations, or interpretations of such laws or regulations, could have an impact on the provision for income taxes, deferred
tax balances and the effective tax rate. Any such changes could materially affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial
Statements in the period these changes occur.

(m) Foreign currency translation
Items included in the financial statements of each of the Company’s subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are measured by each
entity using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). If their
functional currency is other than Canadian dollar, these entities are foreign operations of the Company.
Transactions in a foreign currency are translated to the functional currency at the exchange rate prevailing at the date of the
transaction. Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated to the functional currency at the exchange rate in
effect at the reporting date. Revenue and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the average exchange rate
prevailing during the quarter reported. Exchange gains and losses are recognized in income except for translation of net investments
in foreign operations and the results of hedging these positions, and for non-monetary items designated as AFS. These foreign
exchange gains and losses are recognized in OCI until such time that the foreign operation or non-monetary item is disposed of or
control or significant influence over it is lost.
The Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in Canadian dollars. The financial statements of the Company’s foreign
operations are translated from their functional currencies to Canadian dollars; assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rate
at the reporting date, and revenue and expenses are translated using the average exchange rates for the period. These foreign
exchange gains and losses are included in OCI.

(n) Stock-based compensation
The Company provides stock-based compensation to certain employees and directors as described in note 14. Compensation expense
of equity instruments is accrued based on the best estimate of the number of instruments expected to vest, with revisions made to
that estimate if subsequent information indicates that actual forfeitures are likely to differ from initial estimates, unless forfeitures are
due to market-based conditions.

114     Manulife Financial Corporation   | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Stock options are expensed with a corresponding increase in contributed surplus. Restricted share units and deferred share units are
expensed with a corresponding liability accrued based on the market value of MFC’s common shares at the end of each quarter.
Performance share units are expensed with a corresponding liability accrued based on specific performance conditions and the market
value of MFC’s common shares at the end of each quarter. The change in the value of the awards resulting from changes in the
market value of MFC’s common shares or changes in the specific performance conditions and credited dividends is recognized in
income, offset by the impact of total return swaps used to manage the variability of the related liability.
Stock-based compensation cost is recognized over the applicable vesting period, unless the employee is eligible to retire at the time of
grant or will be eligible to retire during the vesting period. Compensation cost, attributable to stock options, restricted share units,
and performance share units granted to employees who are eligible to retire on the grant date or who will become eligible to retire
during the vesting period, is recognized at the grant date or over the period from the grant date to the date of retirement eligibility,
respectively.
The Company’s contributions to the Global Share Ownership Plan (“GSOP”) (refer to note 14(d)), are expensed as incurred. Under the
GSOP, subject to certain conditions, the Company will match a percentage of an employee’s eligible contributions to certain
maximums. All contributions are used by the plan’s trustee to purchase MFC common shares in the open market.

(o) Employee future benefits
The Company maintains defined contribution and defined benefit pension plans and other post-employment plans for employees and
agents including registered (tax qualified) pension plans that are typically funded as well as supplemental non-registered
(non-qualified) pension plans for executives, retiree and disability welfare plans that are typically not funded.
The Company’s obligation in respect of defined benefit pension and other post-employment benefits is calculated for each plan as the
estimated present value of future benefits that eligible employees have earned in return for their service up to the reporting date using
the projected benefit method. The discount rate used is based on the yield, as at the reporting date, of high-quality corporate debt
securities that have approximately the same term as the obligations and that are denominated in the same currency in which the
benefits are expected to be paid.
To determine the Company’s net defined benefit asset or liability, the fair value of plan assets is deducted from the defined benefit
obligations. When this calculation results in a surplus, the asset that can be recognized is limited to the present value of future
economic benefit available in the form of future refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan (the asset
limit). Defined benefit assets are included in other assets and defined benefit liabilities are included in other liabilities.
Changes in the net defined benefit asset or liability due to re-measurement of pension and retiree welfare plans are recorded in OCI in
the period in which they occur and are not reclassified to income in subsequent periods. They consist of actuarial gains and losses, the
impact of the asset limit, if any, and the return on plan assets, excluding amounts included in net interest income or expense. Changes
in the net defined benefit asset or liability due to re-measurement of disability welfare plans are recorded in income in the period in
which they occur.
The cost of defined benefit pension plans is recognized over the employee’s years of service to retirement while the cost of retiree
welfare plans is recognized over the employee’s years of service to their date of full eligibility. The net benefit cost for the year is
recorded in income and is calculated as the sum of the service cost in respect of the fiscal year, the net interest income or expense and
any applicable administration expenses, plus past service costs or credits resulting from plan amendments or curtailments. The net
interest income or expense is determined by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit asset or liability. The current year
cost of disability welfare plans is the year-over-year change in the defined benefit obligation, including any actuarial gains or losses.
The cost of defined contribution plans is the contribution provided by the Company and is recorded in income in the periods during
which services are rendered by employees.

(p) Derivative and hedging instruments
The Company uses derivative financial instruments (“derivatives”) including swaps, forward and futures agreements, and options to
manage current and anticipated exposures to changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices and equity market
prices, and to replicate permissible investments. Derivatives embedded in other financial instruments are separately recorded as
derivatives when their economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to those of the host instrument, the terms of the
embedded derivative are the same as those of a standalone derivative and the host instrument itself is not recorded at FVTPL.
Derivatives are recorded at fair value. Derivatives with unrealized gains are reported as derivative assets and derivatives with unrealized
losses are reported as derivative liabilities.
A determination is made for each derivative as to whether to apply hedge accounting. Where hedge accounting is not applied,
changes in the fair value of derivatives are recorded in investment income. Refer to note 3(c).
Where the Company has elected to apply hedge accounting, a hedging relationship is designated and documented at inception.
Hedge effectiveness is evaluated at inception and throughout the term of the hedge. Hedge accounting is only applied when the
Company expects that the hedging relationship will be highly effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or changes in cash
flows attributable to the risk being hedged. The assessment of hedge effectiveness is performed at the end of each reporting period
both prospectively and retrospectively. When it is determined that a hedging relationship is no longer effective, or the hedging
instrument or the hedged item has been sold or terminated, the Company discontinues hedge accounting prospectively. In such cases,

                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report   115
if the derivatives are not sold or terminated, any subsequent changes in fair value of the derivatives are recognized in investment
income.
For derivatives that are designated as hedging instruments, changes in fair value are recorded according to the nature of the risks
being hedged, as discussed below.
In a fair value hedging relationship, changes in fair value of the hedging instruments are recorded in investment income, offsetting
changes in fair value of the hedged items, which would otherwise not be carried at fair value. Hedge ineffectiveness is recognized in
investment income and arises from differences between changes in the fair values of hedging instruments and hedged items. When
hedge accounting is discontinued, the carrying value of the hedged item is no longer adjusted and the cumulative fair value
adjustments are amortized to investment income over the remaining term of the hedged item unless the hedged item is sold, at which
time the balance is recognized immediately in investment income.
In a cash flow hedging relationship, the effective portion of the change in the fair value of the hedging instrument is recorded in OCI
while the ineffective portion is recognized in investment income. Gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive income
(“AOCI”) are recognized in income during the same periods as the variability in the hedged cash flows or the hedged forecasted
transactions are recognized in income. The reclassifications from AOCI are made to investment income, except for total return swaps
that hedge restricted share units, which are reclassified to general expenses.
Gains and losses on cash flow hedges in AOCI are reclassified immediately to investment income when the hedged item is sold or the
forecasted transaction is no longer expected to occur. When a hedge is discontinued, but the hedged forecasted transaction is
expected to occur, the amounts in AOCI are reclassified to investment income in the periods during which variability in the cash flows
hedged or the hedged forecasted transaction is recognized in income.
In a net investment in foreign operations hedging relationship, gains and losses relating to the effective portion of the hedge are
recorded in OCI. Gains and losses in AOCI are recognized in income during the periods when gains or losses on the underlying
hedged net investment in foreign operations are recognized in income.

(q) Premium income and related expenses
Gross premiums for all types of insurance contracts, and contracts with limited mortality or morbidity risk, are generally recognized as
revenue when due. Premiums are reported gross of reinsurance ceded (refer to note 6).

(r) Revenue from service contracts
The Company recognizes revenue from service contracts in accordance with IFRS 15. The Company’s service contracts generally
impose single performance obligations, each consisting of a series of similar related services for each customer. Revenue is recorded as
performance obligations are satisfied over time because the customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits of the
services rendered, measured using an output method. Revenue for variable consideration is recognized to the extent that it is highly
probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty is
subsequently resolved. Refer to note 13.

Note 2     Accounting and Reporting Changes
(a) Changes in accounting and reporting policy
(i) IFRS 16 “Leases”
Effective January 1, 2019, the Company adopted IFRS 16 “Leases” which was issued in January 2016 and replaces IAS 17 “Leases”
and IFRIC 4 “Determining whether an arrangement contains a lease”. IFRS 16 sets out principles for the recognition, measurement,
presentation and disclosure of leases for both parties to a contract. The standard brings most leases on-balance sheet under a single
model and eliminates the previous classifications of operating and finance leases. Exemptions to this treatment are for lease contracts
with low value assets or leases with duration of less than one year. Lessor accounting largely remains unchanged with previous
classifications of operating and finance leases continuing.
The Company adopted IFRS 16 using the modified retrospective method with no restatement of comparative information.
Right-of-use assets of $381 and lease liabilities of $410 were recognized within miscellaneous assets and other liabilities in the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, respectively. The net post-tax impact of these adjustments was $22, of which $19 was
recognized in shareholders’ retained earnings and $3 was recognized in participating policyholders’ equity. The assets and liabilities
arise primarily from real estate lease contracts.
The Company applied the practical expedient of not reviewing lease classification under IFRS 16 for contracts not previously classified
as leases. In addition, the Company has elected to expense lease payments on a straight-line basis for all leases with lease term of 12
months or less or the underlying asset has a low value.

(ii) IFRS Interpretation Committee (“IFRIC”) Interpretation 23 “Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments”
Effective January 1, 2019, the Company adopted IFRIC 23 “Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments” which was issued in June 2017.
IFRIC 23 was applied retrospectively. IFRIC 23 provides guidance on applying the recognition and measurement requirements in IAS 12
when there is uncertainty over income tax treatments including whether uncertain tax treatments should be considered together or
separately based on which approach better predicts resolution of the uncertainty. Adoption of IFRIC 23 did not have a significant
impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.

116     Manulife Financial Corporation   | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(iii) Amendments to IAS 28 “Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures”
Effective January 1, 2019, the Company adopted the amendments to IAS 28 “Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures” which
were issued in October 2017. The amendments were applied retrospectively. The amendments clarify that an entity applies IFRS 9
“Financial Instruments” to financial interests in an associate or joint venture, aside from investments in equity, to which the equity
method is not applied. IAS 39 will be applied to these interests until IFRS 9 is adopted. Adoption of these amendments did not have a
significant impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.

(iv) Annual Improvements 2015–2017 Cycle
Effective January 1, 2019, the Company adopted amendments issued within the Annual Improvements 2015 – 2017 Cycle which was
issued in December 2017. The IASB issued four minor amendments to different standards as part of the Annual Improvements
process, with the amendments to be applied prospectively. Adoption of these amendments did not have a significant impact on the
Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.

(v) Amendments to IAS 19 “Employee Benefits”
Effective January 1, 2019, the Company adopted amendments to IAS 19 “Employee Benefits” which were issued in February 2018.
The amendments were applied prospectively. The amendments address the accounting for a plan amendment, curtailment or
settlement that occurs within a reporting period. Updated actuarial assumptions must be used to determine current service cost and
net interest for the remainder of the reporting period after such an event. The amendments also address how the accounting for asset
ceilings are affected by such an event. Adoption of these amendments did not have a significant impact on the Company’s
Consolidated Financial Statements.

(b) Future accounting and reporting changes
(i) IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”
IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments” was issued in November 2009 and amended in October 2010, November 2013 and July 2014, and is
effective for years beginning on or after January 1, 2018, to be applied retrospectively, or on a modified retrospective basis.
Additionally, the IASB issued amendments in October 2017 that are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2019.
In June 2019, the exposure draft published for IFRS 17 proposed to extend the deferral date of IFRS 9 by one year to January 1, 2022.
The standard is intended to replace IAS 39 “Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement”.
The project has been divided into three phases: classification and measurement, impairment of financial assets, and hedge accounting.
IFRS 9’s current classification and measurement methodology provides that financial assets are measured at either amortized cost or
fair value on the basis of the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of
the financial assets. The classification and measurement for financial liabilities remains generally unchanged; however, for a financial
liability designated as at fair value through profit or loss, revisions have been made in the accounting for changes in fair value
attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability. Gains or losses caused by changes in an entity’s own credit risk on such
liabilities are no longer recognized in profit or loss but instead are reflected in OCI.
Revisions to hedge accounting were issued in November 2013 as part of the overall IFRS 9 project. The amendment introduces a new
hedge accounting model, together with corresponding disclosures about risk management activity for those applying hedge
accounting. The new model represents a substantial overhaul of hedge accounting that will enable entities to better reflect their risk
management activities in their financial statements.
Revisions issued in July 2014 replace the existing incurred loss model used for measuring the allowance for credit losses with an
expected loss model. Changes were also made to the existing classification and measurement model designed primarily to address
specific application issues raised by early adopters of the standard. They also address the income statement accounting mismatches
and short-term volatility issues which have been identified as a result of the insurance contracts project.
The Company elected to defer IFRS 9 until January 1, 2021 as allowed under IFRS 4 “Insurance Contracts”. The Company is assessing
the impact of this standard.

(ii) IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts”
IFRS 17 was issued in May 2017 and is effective for years beginning on January 1, 2021, to be applied retrospectively. If full
retrospective application to a group of contracts is impractical, the modified retrospective or fair value methods may be used. The
standard will replace IFRS 4 “Insurance Contracts” and will materially change the recognition and measurement of insurance contracts
and the corresponding presentation and disclosures in the Company’s Financial Statements.
Exposure Draft Amendments to IFRS 17 was published in June 2019, which proposed a number of targeted amendments for public
consultation. The proposed amendments include a deferral of the effective date of IFRS 17 by one year, to January 1, 2022. The
proposed amendments are subject to IASB’s re-deliberation process which is expected to conclude in mid-2020. The Company will
continue to monitor IASB’s future developments related to IFRS 17.
IFRS 17 requires entities to measure insurance contract liabilities on the balance sheet as the total of (a) the fulfillment cash flows – the
current estimates of amounts that the Company expects to collect from premiums and pay out for claims, benefits and expenses,
including an adjustment for the timing and risk for those amounts; and (b) the contractual service margin – the future profit for
providing insurance coverage.

                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report    117
The principles underlying IFRS 17 differ from the CALM as permitted by IFRS 4. While there are many differences, the following
outlines two of the key differences:
■
    Under IFRS 17, the discount rate used to estimate the present value of insurance liabilities is based on the characteristics of the
    liability, whereas under CALM, the Company uses the rates of returns for current and projected assets supporting policy liabilities to
    value the liabilities. The difference in the discount rate approach also impacts the timing of investment-related experience earnings
    emergence. Under CALM, investment-related experience includes investment experience and the impact of investing activities. The
    impact of investing activities is directly related to the CALM methodology. Under IFRS 17, the impact of investing activities will
    emerge over the life of the new asset.
■
    Under IFRS 17, new business gains are recorded on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position and amortized into income as
    services are provided. Under CALM, new business gains (and losses) are recognized in income immediately.
The Company is assessing the implications of this standard including proposed amendments and expects that it will have a significant
impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition, in certain jurisdictions, including Canada, it could have a
material effect on tax and regulatory capital positions and other financial metrics that are dependent upon IFRS accounting values.

(iii) Amendments to IFRS 3 “Business Combinations”
Amendments to IFRS 3 “Business Combinations” were issued in October 2018 and are effective for business combinations occurring
on or after January 1, 2020, with earlier application permitted. The amendments revise the definition of a business and permit a
simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets qualifies as a business. Application of the amendments are
expected to result in fewer acquisitions qualifying as business combinations. Adoption of these amendments is not expected to have a
significant impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.

(iv) Amendments to IAS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements” and IAS 8 “Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting
Estimates and Errors”
Amendments to IAS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements” and IAS 8 “Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and
Errors” were issued in October 2018. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2020 and are
to be applied prospectively. The amendments update the definition of material. Adoption of these amendments is not expected to
have a significant impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.

(v) Interest Rate Benchmark Reform Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7
Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7 were issued in September 2019 related to interest rate benchmark reform and are effective
retrospectively for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2020. The amendments provide temporary relief for hedge
accounting to continue during the period of uncertainty before replacement of an existing interest rate benchmark with an alternative
risk-free rate. The amendments apply to all hedge accounting relationships that are affected by the interest rate benchmark reform.
The IASB is expected to issue further guidance addressing various accounting issues that will arise when the existing interest rate
benchmark has been replaced. The Company is assessing the implications of these amendments.




118       Manulife Financial Corporation   | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 3        Invested Assets and Investment Income
(a) Carrying values and fair values of invested assets
                                                                                                                                                    Total carrying    Total fair
As at December 31, 2019                                                                           FVTPL(1)           AFS(2)        Other(3)                value(4)     value(5)
Cash and short-term securities(6)                                                            $     1,859       $ 13,084       $     5,357       $        20,300 $      20,300
Debt securities(7)
    Canadian government and agency                                                                18,582           4,779                –                23,361        23,361
    U.S. government and agency                                                                    11,031          17,221                –                28,252        28,252
    Other government and agency                                                                   17,383           4,360                –                21,743        21,743
    Corporate                                                                                    116,044           5,285                –               121,329       121,329
    Mortgage/asset-backed securities                                                               3,267             170                –                 3,437         3,437
Public equities                                                                                   20,060           2,791                –                22,851        22,851
Mortgages                                                                                              –               –           49,376                49,376        51,450
Private placements                                                                                     –               –           37,979                37,979        41,743
Policy loans                                                                                           –               –            6,471                 6,471         6,471
Loans to Bank clients                                                                                  –               –            1,740                 1,740         1,742
Real estate
    Own use property(8)                                                                                 –                –          1,926                 1,926         3,275
    Investment property                                                                                 –                –         11,002                11,002        11,002
Other invested assets
    Alternative long-duration assets(9),(10)                                                      15,252               99           9,492                24,843        25,622
    Various other (11)                                                                               149                –           3,768                 3,917         3,918
Total invested assets                                                                        $ 203,627         $ 47,789       $ 127,111         $       378,527 $ 386,496


                                                                                                                                                    Total carrying    Total fair
As at December 31, 2018                                                                           FVTPL(1)           AFS(2)        Other(3)                value(4)     value(5)
Cash and short-term securities(6)                                                            $     1,080       $ 10,163       $     4,972       $        16,215 $      16,215
Debt securities(7)
    Canadian government and agency                                                                16,445           7,342                –                23,787        23,787
    U.S. government and agency                                                                    11,934          13,990                –                25,924        25,924
    Other government and agency                                                                   16,159           4,101                –                20,260        20,260
    Corporate                                                                                    107,425           5,245                –               112,670       112,670
    Mortgage/asset-backed securities                                                               2,774             179                –                 2,953         2,953
Public equities                                                                                   16,721           2,458                –                19,179        19,179
Mortgages                                                                                              –               –           48,363                48,363        48,628
Private placements                                                                                     –               –           35,754                35,754        36,103
Policy loans                                                                                           –               –            6,446                 6,446         6,446
Loans to Bank clients                                                                                  –               –            1,793                 1,793         1,797
Real estate
    Own use property(8)                                                                                 –                –          2,016                 2,016         3,179
    Investment property                                                                                 –                –         10,761                10,761        10,761
Other invested assets
    Alternative long-duration assets(9),(10)                                                      14,720              101           8,617                23,438        24,211
    Various other (11)                                                                               151                –           3,954                 4,105         4,104
Total invested assets                                                                        $ 187,409         $ 43,579       $ 122,676         $       353,664 $ 356,217
(1)  FVTPL classification was elected for securities backing insurance contract liabilities to substantially reduce any accounting mismatch arising from changes in the fair value
     of these assets and changes in the value of the related insurance contract liabilities. If this election had not been made and instead the AFS classification was selected,
     there would be an accounting mismatch because changes in insurance contract liabilities are recognized in net income rather than in OCI.
(2)  Securities that are designated as AFS are not actively traded by the Company but sales do occur as circumstances warrant. Such sales result in a reclassification of any
     accumulated unrealized gain (loss) in AOCI to net income as a realized gain (loss).
(3)  Primarily includes assets classified as loans and carried at amortized cost, own use properties, investment properties, equity method accounted investments, oil and gas
     investments, and leveraged leases. Refer to note 1(e) for further details regarding accounting policy.
(4)  Fixed income invested assets above include debt securities, mortgages, private placements and approximately $179 (2018 – $116) other invested assets, which primarily
     have contractual cash flows that qualify as SPPI. Fixed income invested assets which do not have SPPI qualifying cash flows as at December 31, 2019 include debt
     securities, private placements and other invested assets with fair values of $98, $257 and $373, respectively (2018 – $105, $230 and $465). The change in the fair value
     of these invested assets during the year was $71 (2018 – $21).
(5)  The methodologies used in determining fair values of invested assets are described in note 1(c) and note 3(g).
(6)  Includes short-term securities with maturities of less than one year at acquisition amounting to $3,806 (2018 – $2,530), cash equivalents with maturities of less than 90
     days at acquisition amounting to $11,136 (2018 – $8,713) and cash of $5,358 (2018 – $4,972).
(7)  Debt securities include securities which were acquired with maturities of less than one year and less than 90 days of $537 and $69, respectively (2018 – $870 and $40,
     respectively).
(8)  Includes accumulated depreciation of $414 (2018 – $391).
(9)  Alternative long-duration assets (“ALDA”) include investments in private equity of $6,396, infrastructure of $8,854, oil and gas of $3,245, timber and agriculture of
     $4,669 and various other invested assets of $1,679 (2018 – $6,769, $7,970, $3,416, $4,493 and $790, respectively). During the year, a group of investments in hydro-
     electric power of $418 was sold. This group of investments was previously classified as held for sale.
(10) In 2019, the Company sold $1,112 of North American Private Equity investments to Manulife Private Equity Partners, L.P, a closed-end pooled fund of funds. The

     Company provides management services to the fund. In 2018, the Company sold the following invested assets to related parties: $1,422 of infrastructure ALDA was
     sold to the John Hancock Infrastructure Master Fund L.P. in the USA, an associate of the Company which is a structured entity based on partnership voting rights, the
     Company provides management services to the fund and owns less than 1% of the ownership interest; $510 of U.S. commercial real estate was sold to the Manulife US
     Real Estate Investment Trust in Singapore, an associate of the Company which is a structured entity based on unitholder voting rights, the Company provides

                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements            | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report                      119
     management services to the trust and owns approximately 8.5% of its units; and $1,314 of U.S. commercial real estate was sold to three joint ventures which are
     structured entities based on voting rights.
(11) Includes $3,371 (2018 – $3,575) of leveraged leases. Refer to note 1(e) regarding accounting policy.




(b) Equity method accounted invested assets
Other invested assets include investments in associates and joint ventures which are accounted for using the equity method of
accounting as presented in the following table.

                                                                                                                         2019                           2018
                                                                                                              Carrying                          Carrying
As at December 31,                                                                                               value          % of total         value     % of total
Leveraged leases                                                                                             $ 3,371                   43      $ 3,575                 51
Timber and agriculture                                                                                           668                    9          599                  9
Real estate                                                                                                    1,031                   13          725                 11
Other                                                                                                          2,716                   35        1,959                 29
Total                                                                                                        $ 7,786                 100       $ 6,858             100

The Company’s share of profit and dividends from these investments for the year ended December 31, 2019 were $369 and $5,
respectively (2018 – $369 and $13).




120       Manulife Financial Corporation       | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(c) Investment income
For the year ended December 31, 2019                                                                 FVTPL          AFS        Other(1)         Total
Cash and short-term securities
    Interest income                                                                             $       32    $    281     $         –    $     313
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                   11         (29)              –          (18)
Debt securities
    Interest income                                                                                  5,557         783               –         6,340
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                               11,525         472               –        11,997
    Recovery (impairment loss), net                                                                     (9)          1               –            (8)
Public equities
    Dividend income                                                                                    551          69               –           620
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                3,079         109               –         3,188
    Impairment loss, net                                                                                 –         (24)              –           (24)
Mortgages
    Interest income                                                                                      –           –         1,951           1,951
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                    –           –            26              26
    Recovery (provision), net                                                                            –           –            31              31
Private placements
    Interest income                                                                                      –           –         1,782           1,782
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                    –           –           (62)            (62)
    Impairment loss, net                                                                                 –           –           (35)            (35)
Policy loans                                                                                             –           –           391             391
Loans to Bank clients
    Interest income                                                                                      –           –             87             87
    Provision, net                                                                                       –           –             (1)            (1)
Real estate
    Rental income, net of depreciation(3)                                                                –           –            505           505
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                    –           –            508           508
Derivatives
    Interest income, net                                                                               579           –            (24)           555
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                2,653           –             (6)         2,647
Other invested assets
    Interest income                                                                                     –             –           69              69
    Oil and gas, timber, agriculture and other income                                                   –             –        1,862           1,862
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                 742            (1)          35             776
    Recovery (impairment loss), net                                                                     –             –           93              93
Total investment income                                                                         $ 24,720      $ 1,661      $ 7,212        $ 33,593
Investment income
    Interest income                                                                             $    6,168    $ 1,064      $ 4,256        $ 11,488
    Dividend, rental and other income                                                                  552         69        2,367           2,988
    Impairments, provisions and recoveries, net                                                         (9)       (23)          88              56
    Other                                                                                              265        539           57             861
                                                                                                     6,976        1,649        6,768          15,393
Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on assets supporting insurance and investment
  contract liabilities and on macro equity hedges
   Debt securities                                                                                  11,521           7              –         11,528
   Public equities                                                                                   2,865           5              –          2,870
   Mortgages                                                                                             –           –             26             26
   Private placements                                                                                    –           –            (62)           (62)
   Real estate                                                                                           –           –            514            514
   Other invested assets                                                                               776           –            (28)           748
   Derivatives, including macro equity hedging program                                               2,582           –             (6)         2,576
                                                                                                    17,744          12            444         18,200
Total investment income                                                                         $ 24,720      $ 1,661      $ 7,212        $ 33,593




                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report         121
For the year ended December 31, 2018                                                                                     FVTPL              AFS           Other(1)          Total
Cash and short-term securities
    Interest income                                                                                                $        18       $     250        $         –    $      268
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                                      (74)             62                  –            (12)
Debt securities
    Interest income                                                                                                     5,432              646                  –         6,078
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                                  (5,993)            (310)                 –        (6,303)
    Recovery (impairment loss), net                                                                                        18                –                  –            18
Public equities
    Dividend income                                                                                                       484                72                 –           556
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                                  (1,596)             330                  –        (1,266)
    Impairment loss, net                                                                                                    –               (43)                –            (43)
Mortgages
    Interest income                                                                                                          –                –           1,824           1,824
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                                        –                –              56              56
    Provision, net                                                                                                           –                –               (8)             (8)
Private placements
    Interest income                                                                                                          –                –           1,729           1,729
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                                        –                –              (83)            (83)
    Impairment loss, net                                                                                                     –                –              (10)            (10)
Policy loans                                                                                                                 –                –             371             371
Loans to Bank clients
    Interest income                                                                                                          –                –               81              81
    Provision, net                                                                                                           –                –                (1)             (1)
Real estate
    Rental income, net of depreciation(3)                                                                                    –                –              515            515
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                                        –                –              445            445
Derivatives
    Interest income, net                                                                                                  689                 –              (33)           656
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                                  (2,251)                –               27         (2,224)
Other invested assets
    Interest income                                                                                                          –                –              74              74
    Oil and gas, timber, agriculture and other income                                                                        –                –           1,758           1,758
    Gains (losses)(2)                                                                                                     283                 –            (110)            173
    Impairment loss, net                                                                                                    (2)              (4)           (114)           (120)
Total investment income                                                                                            $ (2,992)         $ 1,003          $ 6,521        $    4,532
Investment income
    Interest income                                                                                                $    6,139        $     896        $ 4,046        $ 11,081
    Dividend, rental and other income                                                                                     484                72         2,273           2,829
    Impairments, provisions and recoveries, net                                                                            16               (47)         (133)           (164)
    Other                                                                                                                (271)               58            27            (186)
                                                                                                                        6,368              979            6,213          13,560
Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on assets supporting insurance and investment
  contract liabilities and on macro equity hedges
   Debt securities                                                                                                     (6,012)              18                  –        (5,994)
   Public equities                                                                                                     (1,454)              10                  –        (1,444)
   Mortgages                                                                                                                –                 –                55             55
   Private placements                                                                                                       –                 –               (83)           (83)
   Real estate                                                                                                              –                 –              449            449
   Other invested assets                                                                                                  357                (4)            (140)           213
   Derivatives, including macro equity hedging program                                                                 (2,251)                –                27        (2,224)
                                                                                                                       (9,360)              24               308         (9,028)
Total investment income                                                                                            $ (2,992)         $ 1,003          $ 6,521        $    4,532
(1) Primarily includes investment income on loans carried at amortized cost, own use properties, investment properties, derivative and hedging instruments in cash flow

  hedging relationships, equity method accounted investments, oil and gas investments, and leveraged leases.
(2) Includes net realized and unrealized gains (losses) for financial instruments at FVTPL, real estate investment properties, and other invested assets measured at fair value.

  Also includes net realized gains (losses) for financial instruments at AFS and other invested assets carried at amortized cost.
(3) Rental income from investment properties is net of direct operating expenses.




122        Manulife Financial Corporation        | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(d) Investment expenses
The following table presents total investment expenses.

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                                         2019           2018
Related to invested assets                                                                                                                          $     627      $     638
Related to segregated, mutual and other funds                                                                                                           1,121          1,070
Total investment expenses                                                                                                                           $ 1,748        $ 1,708


(e) Investment properties
The following table presents the rental income and direct operating expenses of investment properties.

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                                         2019           2018
Rental income from investment properties                                                                                                            $     864      $ 1,013
Direct operating expenses of rental investment properties                                                                                               (464)         (582)
Total                                                                                                                                               $    400       $     431


(f) Mortgage securitization
The Company securitizes certain insured and uninsured fixed and variable rate residential mortgages and Home Equity Lines of Credit
(“HELOC”) through creation of mortgage-backed securities under the Canadian Mortgage Bond Program (“CMB”), and the HELOC
securitization program.
Benefits received from the securitization include interest spread between the asset and associated liability. There are no expected
credit losses on securitized mortgages under the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (“CMHC”) sponsored CMB and the
Platinum Canadian Mortgage Trust (“PCMT”) HELOC securitization programs as they are insured by CMHC and other third-party
insurance programs against borrowers’ default. Mortgages securitized in the Platinum Canadian Mortgage Trust II (“PCMT II”)
program are uninsured.
Cash flows received from the underlying securitized assets/mortgages are used to settle the related secured borrowing liability. For
CMB transactions, receipts of principal are deposited into a trust account for settlement of the liability at time of maturity. These
transferred assets and related cash flows cannot be transferred or used for other purposes. For the HELOC transactions, investors are
entitled to periodic interest payments, and the remaining cash receipts of principal are allocated to the Company (the “Seller”) during
the revolving period of the deal and are accumulated for settlement during an accumulation period or repaid to the investor monthly
during a reduction period, based on the terms of the note.

Securitized assets and secured borrowing liabilities

As at December 31, 2019                                                                                        Securitized assets
                                                                                              Securitized       Restricted cash and                      Secured borrowing
Securitization program                                                                        mortgages        short-term securities        Total                liabilities(2)
HELOC securitization(1)                                                                          $2,285                        $ 8       $2,293                    $ 2,250
CMB securitization                                                                                1,620                          –        1,620                      1,632
Total                                                                                            $3,905                        $ 8       $3,913                    $ 3,882


As at December 31, 2018                                                                                        Securitized assets
                                                                                              Securitized       Restricted cash and                      Secured borrowing
Securitization program                                                                        mortgages        short-term securities        Total                liabilities(2)
HELOC securitization(1)                                                                          $2,285                        $ 8       $2,293                    $ 2,250
CMB securitization                                                                                1,525                          –        1,525                      1,524
Total                                                                                            $3,810                        $ 8       $3,818                    $ 3,774
(1) Manulife Bank, a subsidiary, securitizes a portion of its HELOC receivables through Platinum Canadian Mortgage Trust (“PCMT”), and Platinum Canadian Mortgage Trust

    II (“PCMT II”). PCMT funds the purchase of the co-ownership interests from Manulife Bank by issuing term notes collateralized by an underlying pool of CMHC insured
    HELOCs to institutional investors. PCMT II funds the purchase of the co-ownership interests from Manulife Bank by issuing term notes collateralized by an underlying pool
    of uninsured HELOCs to institutional investors. The restricted cash balance for the HELOC securitization reflects a cash reserve fund established in relation to the
    transactions. The reserve will be drawn upon only in the event of insufficient cash flows from the underlying HELOCs to satisfy the secured borrowing liability.
(2) Secured borrowing liabilities primarily comprise of Series 2011-1 notes with a floating rate which are expected to mature on December 15, 2021, and the Series 2016-1

    notes with a floating rate which are expected to mature on May 15, 2022. Manulife Bank also securitizes insured amortizing mortgages under the National Housing Act
    Mortgage-Backed Securities (“NHA MBS”) program sponsored by CMHC. Manulife Bank participates in CMB programs by selling NHA MBS securities to Canada Housing
    Trust (“CHT”), as a source of fixed rate funding.

As at December 31, 2019, the fair value of securitized assets and associated liabilities were $3,950 and $3,879, respectively
(2018 – $3,843 and $3,756).

                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements          | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report                        123
(g) Fair value measurement
The following table presents the fair values of invested assets and segregated funds net assets measured at fair value categorized by
the fair value hierarchy.
                                                                                                               Total fair
As at December 31, 2019                                                                                           value            Level 1            Level 2           Level 3
Cash and short-term securities
   FVTPL                                                                                                   $     1,859       $          –       $     1,859        $         –
   AFS                                                                                                          13,084                  –            13,084                  –
   Other                                                                                                         5,357              5,357                 –                  –
Debt securities
 FVTPL
   Canadian government and agency                                                                               18,582                   –           18,582                 –
   U.S. government and agency                                                                                   11,031                   –           11,031                 –
   Other government and agency                                                                                  17,383                   –           17,383                 –
   Corporate                                                                                                   116,044                   –          115,411               633
   Residential mortgage-backed securities                                                                           13                   –               13                 –
   Commercial mortgage-backed securities                                                                         1,271                   –            1,271                 –
   Other asset-backed securities                                                                                 1,983                   –            1,983                 –
 AFS
   Canadian government and agency                                                                                4,779                   –            4,779                  –
   U.S. government and agency                                                                                   17,221                   –           17,221                  –
   Other government and agency                                                                                   4,360                   –            4,360                  –
   Corporate                                                                                                     5,285                   –            5,270                 15
   Residential mortgage-backed securities                                                                            1                   –                1                  –
   Commercial mortgage-backed securities                                                                           102                   –              102                  –
   Other asset-backed securities                                                                                    67                   –               67                  –
Public equities
   FVTPL                                                                                                        20,060            20,060                  –                 –
   AFS                                                                                                           2,791             2,788                  3                 –
Real estate – investment property(1)                                                                            11,002                 –                  –            11,002
Other invested assets(2)                                                                                        18,194                91                  –            18,103
Segregated funds net assets(3)                                                                                 343,108           293,903             44,693             4,512
Total                                                                                                      $ 613,577         $ 322,199          $ 257,113          $ 34,265


                                                                                                               Total fair
As at December 31, 2018                                                                                           value            Level 1            Level 2           Level 3
Cash and short-term securities
   FVTPL                                                                                                   $     1,080       $          –       $     1,080        $         –
   AFS                                                                                                          10,163                  –            10,163                  –
   Other                                                                                                         4,972              4,972                 –                  –
Debt securities
 FVTPL
   Canadian government and agency                                                                               16,445                   –           16,445                 –
   U.S. government and agency                                                                                   11,934                   –           11,934                 –
   Other government and agency                                                                                  16,159                   –           15,979               180
   Corporate                                                                                                   107,425                   –          106,641               784
   Residential mortgage-backed securities                                                                           13                   –                6                 7
   Commercial mortgage-backed securities                                                                         1,344                   –            1,344                 –
   Other asset-backed securities                                                                                 1,417                   –            1,417                 –
 AFS
   Canadian government and agency                                                                                7,342                   –            7,342                 –
   U.S. government and agency                                                                                   13,990                   –           13,990                 –
   Other government and agency                                                                                   4,101                   –            4,064                37
   Corporate                                                                                                     5,245                   –            5,125               120
   Residential mortgage-backed securities                                                                            2                   –                –                 2
   Commercial mortgage-backed securities                                                                           128                   –              128                 –
   Other asset-backed securities                                                                                    49                   –               49                 –
Public equities
   FVTPL                                                                                                        16,721            16,718                  –                 3
   AFS                                                                                                           2,458             2,456                  2                 –
Real estate – investment property(1)                                                                            10,761                 –                  –            10,761
Other invested assets(2)                                                                                        17,562                 –                  –            17,562
Segregated funds net assets(3)                                                                                 313,209           273,840             34,922             4,447
Total                                                                                                      $ 562,520         $ 297,986          $ 230,631          $ 33,903
(1) For investment properties, the significant unobservable inputs are capitalization rates (ranging from 2.75% to 8.75% during the year and ranging from 2.75% to 8.75%

  during 2018) and terminal capitalization rates (ranging from 3.80% to 9.25% during the year and ranging from 3.80% to 9.25% during 2018). Holding other factors
  constant, a lower capitalization or terminal capitalization rate will tend to increase the fair value of an investment property. Changes in fair value based on variations in
  unobservable inputs generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship between the directional changes of each input is not usually linear.



124       Manulife Financial Corporation         | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(2) Other invested assets measured at fair value are held primarily in infrastructure and timber sectors. The significant inputs used in the valuation of the Company’s

    infrastructure investments are primarily future distributable cash flows, terminal values and discount rates. Holding other factors constant, an increase to future
    distributable cash flows or terminal values would tend to increase the fair value of an infrastructure investment, while an increase in the discount rate would have the
    opposite effect. Discount rates during the year ranged from 7.00% to 16.5% (2018 – ranged from 8.95% to 16.5%). Disclosure of distributable cash flow and terminal
    value ranges are not meaningful given the disparity in estimates by project. The significant inputs used in the valuation of the Company’s investments in timberland are
    timber prices and discount rates. Holding other factors constant, an increase to timber prices would tend to increase the fair value of a timberland investment, while an
    increase in the discount rates would have the opposite effect. Discount rates during the year ranged from 5.0% to 7.0% (2018 – ranged from 5.0% to 7.0%). A range of
    prices for timber is not meaningful as the market price depends on factors such as property location and proximity to markets and export yards.
(3) Segregated funds net assets are measured at fair value. The Company’s Level 3 segregated funds assets are predominantly in investment properties and timberland

    properties valued as described above.

The following table presents fair value of invested assets not measured at fair value by the fair value hierarchy.
                                                                                                   Carrying
As at December 31, 2019                                                                               value        Fair value           Level 1        Level 2          Level 3
Mortgages(1)                                                                                  $    49,376      $    51,450          $       –      $        –       $ 51,450
Private placements(2)                                                                              37,979           41,743                  –          36,234          5,509
Policy loans(3)                                                                                     6,471            6,471                  –           6,471              –
Loans to Bank clients(4)                                                                            1,740            1,742                  –           1,742              –
Real estate – own use property(5)                                                                   1,926            3,275                  –               –          3,275
Other invested assets(6)                                                                           10,566           11,346                165               –         11,181
Total invested assets disclosed at fair value                                                 $ 108,058        $ 116,027            $ 165          $ 44,447         $ 71,415


                                                                                                   Carrying
As at December 31, 2018                                                                               value        Fair value           Level 1        Level 2          Level 3
Mortgages(1)                                                                                  $    48,363      $    48,628          $       –      $        –       $ 48,628
Private placements(2)                                                                              35,754           36,103                  –          30,325          5,778
Policy loans(3)                                                                                     6,446            6,446                  –           6,446              –
Loans to Bank clients(4)                                                                            1,793            1,797                  –           1,797              –
Real estate – own use property(5)                                                                   2,016            3,179                  –               –          3,179
Other invested assets(6)                                                                            9,981           10,753                121               –         10,632
Total invested assets disclosed at fair value                                                 $ 104,353        $ 106,906            $ 121          $ 38,568         $ 68,217
(1) Fair value of commercial mortgages is determined through an internal valuation methodology using both observable and unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs

    include credit assumptions and liquidity spread adjustments. Fair value of fixed-rate residential mortgages is determined using the discounted cash flow method. Inputs
    used for valuation are primarily comprised of prevailing interest rates and prepayment rates, if applicable. Fair value of variable-rate residential mortgages is assumed to be
    their carrying value.
(2) Fair value of private placements is determined through an internal valuation methodology using both observable and unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs include

    credit assumptions and liquidity spread adjustments. Private placements are classified within Level 2 unless the liquidity adjustment constitutes a significant price impact,
    in which case the securities are classified as Level 3.
(3) Fair value of policy loans is equal to their unpaid principal balances.
(4) Fair value of fixed-rate loans to Bank clients is determined using the discounted cash flow method. Inputs used for valuation are primarily comprised of current interest

    rates. Fair value of variable-rate loans is assumed to be their carrying value.
(5) Fair value of own use real estate and the fair value hierarchy are determined in accordance with the methodologies described for real estate – investment property in

    note 1.
(6) Primarily include leveraged leases, oil and gas properties and equity method accounted other invested assets. Fair value of leveraged leases is disclosed at their carrying

    values as fair value is not routinely calculated on these investments. Fair value for oil and gas properties is determined using external appraisals based on discounted cash
    flow methodology. Inputs used in valuation are primarily comprised of forecasted price curves, planned production, as well as capital expenditures, and operating costs.
    Fair value of equity method accounted other invested assets is determined using a variety of valuation techniques including discounted cash flows and market comparable
    approaches. Inputs vary based on the specific investment.


Transfers between Level 1 and Level 2
The Company records transfers of assets and liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 at their fair values as at the end of each reporting
period. Assets are transferred out of Level 1 when they are no longer transacted with sufficient frequency and volume in an active
market. Conversely, assets are transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 when transaction volume and frequency are indicative of an active
market. The Company had $nil of assets transferred between Level 1 and Level 2 during the years ended December 31, 2019 and
2018.
For segregated funds net assets, the Company had $nil transfers from Level 1 to Level 2 for the year ended December 31, 2019
(2018 – $nil). The Company had $nil transfers from Level 2 to Level 1 for the year ended December 31, 2019 (2018 – $2).

Invested assets and segregated funds net assets measured at fair value using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)
The Company classifies fair values of invested assets and segregated funds net assets as Level 3 if there are no observable markets for
these assets or, in the absence of active markets, most of the inputs used to determine fair value are based on the Company’s own
assumptions about market participant assumptions. The Company prioritizes the use of market-based inputs over entity-based
assumptions in determining Level 3 fair values. The gains and losses in the tables below include the changes in fair value due to both
observable and unobservable factors.




                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements            | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report                      125
The following table presents a roll forward for invested assets, derivatives and segregated funds net assets measured at fair value
using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018.

                                                Net
                                          realized/        Net
                                        unrealized realized/                                                                                       Change in
                                              gains unrealized                                                                                     unrealized
                                           (losses)      gains                                                                                           gains
                               Balance, included       (losses)                                      Transfer       Transfer              Balance, (losses) on
For the year ended           January 1,      in net included                                              into        out of Currency December 31, assets still
December 31, 2019                 2019 income(1) in AOCI(2)       Purchases      Sales Settlements Level 3(3),(4) Level 3(3,(4) movement     2019         held
Debt securities
FVTPL
Other government &
  agency                    $     180 $          1       $    –   $     16 $      (18) $        –     $     –   $ (178) $        (1)     $       – $         –
Corporate                         784           35            –         43        (88)        (18)        514     (604)         (33)           633          47
Residential mortgage-
  backed securities                  7           –            –          –         (1)          –           –         (6)          –              –          –
                                  971           36            –         59      (107)         (18)        514      (788)        (34)           633          47
AFS
Other government &
  agency                           37            1            –          5        (12)          –           –        (31)          –              –          –
Corporate                         120            1            –         13        (21)         (4)          –        (93)         (2)            14          –
Residential mortgage-
  backed securities                  2           –            –          –          –           –           –         (1)          –              1          –
Commercial mortgage-
  backed securities                  –           –            –         37          –           –           –        (37)          –              –          –
                                  159            2            –         55        (33)         (4)          –      (162)          (2)            15          –
Public equities
FVTPL                                3      1,739             –          –     (1,679)          –           –          –        (63)              –     1,510
                                     3      1,739             –          –     (1,679)          –           –          –        (63)              –     1,510
Real estate –
  investment property           10,761        506             –         440     (457)           –          15          –       (263)         11,002       468
Other invested assets           17,562     (1,028)            2       3,401     (144)      (1,031)          2          –       (661)         18,103      (923)
                                28,323       (522)            2       3,841     (601)      (1,031)         17          –       (924)         29,105      (455)
Derivatives                       106       1,884            44         42          –        (685)        135        (34)       (36)          1,456     1,423
Segregated funds net
  assets                         4,447        148             –        193      (140)         (30)          –          –       (106)          4,512       111
Total                       $ 34,009 $ 3,287             $ 46     $ 4,190 $ (2,560) $ (1,768)         $ 666     $ (984) $ (1,165)        $ 35,721 $ 2,636




126      Manulife Financial Corporation   | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             Net
                                                                       realized/        Net
                                                                     unrealized   realized/                                                                                     Change in
                                                                          gains unrealized                                                                                      unrealized
                                                                        (losses)     gains                                                                                            gains
                                                           Balance, included in    (losses)                                       Transfer       Transfer              Balance, (losses) on
                                                         January 1,          net included                                              into        out of Currency December 31, assets still
For the year ended December 31, 2018                          2018    income(1) in AOCI(2)     Purchases      Sales Settlements Level 3(3),(4) Level 3(3,(4) movement     2018         held

Debt securities
FVTPL
Other government & agency                            $        239 $          (2)    $     –    $     27 $      (85)    $    (14)    $    –   $      – $       15     $      180    $     (3)
Corporate                                                     710             3           –         190        (61)         (18)         –        (93)        53            784         (10)
Residential mortgage-backed securities                          1             6           –           –          –            –          –          –          –              7           6
Other asset-backed securities                                  25             –           –          31          –            –          –        (56)         –              –           –
                                                              975            7            –         248       (146)         (32)         –       (149)        68            971          (7)
AFS
Other government & agency                                      47            –           –            6        (15)          (4)         –          –           3            37           –
Corporate                                                      88            –           –           49        (12)          (4)         –         (7)          6           120           –
Residential mortgage-backed securities                          –            –           1            –          –            –          –          –           1             2           –
Other asset-backed securities                                   1            –           –            –          –            –          –         (1)          –             –           –
                                                              136            –           1           55        (27)          (8)         –         (8)        10            159           –
Public equities
FVTPL                                                            3           –            –           –          –            –          –          –           –              3          –
                                                                 3           –            –           –          –            –          –          –           –              3          –
Real estate – investment property                         12,529          291            –           615    (2,578)           –          –       (706)      610          10,761         244
Other invested assets                                     16,203       (1,168)           1         3,926    (1,636)        (841)         –        (35)    1,112          17,562        (434)
                                                          28,732         (877)           1         4,541    (4,214)        (841)         –       (741)    1,722          28,323        (190)
Derivatives                                                  769         (666)          (48)         12          –          18           9        (13)        25            106        (460)
Segregated funds net assets                                4,255          226             –         155       (367)          1           3        (17)       191          4,447         161
Total                                                $ 34,870 $ (1,310)             $ (46) $ 5,011 $ (4,754)           $ (862)       $ 12    $ (928) $ 2,016         $ 34,009      $ (496)
(1) These amounts are included in net investment income on the Consolidated Statements of Income except for the amount related to segregated funds net assets, where

  the amount is recorded in changes in segregated funds net assets, refer to note 22.
(2) These amounts are included in AOCI on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.
(3) The Company uses fair values of the assets at the beginning of the year for assets transferred into and out of Level 3 except for derivatives, refer to footnote 4 below.
(4) For derivatives transfer into or out of Level 3, the Company uses fair value at the end of the year and at the beginning of the year, respectively.



Transfers into Level 3 primarily result from securities that were impaired during the year or securities where a lack of observable
market data (versus the previous period) resulted in reclassifying assets into Level 3. Transfers from Level 3 primarily result from
observable market data now being available for the entire term structure of the debt security.

Note 4         Derivative and Hedging Instruments
Derivatives are financial contracts, the value of which is derived from underlying interest rates, foreign exchange rates, other financial
instruments, commodity prices or indices. The Company uses derivatives including swaps, forward and futures agreements, and
options to manage current and anticipated exposures to changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices and
equity market prices, and to replicate permissible investments.
Swaps are over-the-counter (“OTC”) contractual agreements between the Company and a third party to exchange a series of cash
flows based upon rates applied to a notional amount. For interest rate swaps, counterparties generally exchange fixed or floating
interest rate payments based on a notional value in a single currency. Cross currency swaps involve the exchange of principal amounts
between parties as well as the exchange of interest payments in one currency for the receipt of interest payments in another currency.
Total return swaps are contracts that involve the exchange of payments based on changes in the values of a reference asset, including
any returns such as interest earned on these assets, in return for amounts based on reference rates specified in the contract.
Forward and futures agreements are contractual obligations to buy or sell a financial instrument, foreign currency or other underlying
commodity on a predetermined future date at a specified price. Forward contracts are OTC contracts negotiated between
counterparties, whereas futures agreements are contracts with standard amounts and settlement dates that are traded on regulated
exchanges.
Options are contractual agreements whereby the holder has the right, but not the obligation, to buy (call option) or sell (put option) a
security, exchange rate, interest rate, or other financial instrument at a predetermined price/rate within a specified time.
See variable annuity dynamic hedging strategy in the “Risk Management” section of the Company’s 2019 MD&A for an explanation
of the Company’s dynamic hedging strategy for its variable annuity product guarantees.

(a) Fair value of derivatives
The pricing models used to value OTC derivatives are based on market standard valuation methodologies and the inputs to these
models are consistent with what a market participant would use when pricing the instruments. Derivative valuations can be affected

                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                    | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report                        127
by changes in interest rates, currency exchange rates, financial indices, credit spreads, default risk (including the counterparties to the
contract), and market volatility. The significant inputs to the pricing models for most OTC derivatives are inputs that are observable or
can be corroborated by observable market data and are classified as Level 2. Inputs that are observable generally include interest rates,
foreign currency exchange rates and interest rate curves. However, certain OTC derivatives may rely on inputs that are significant to
the fair value that are not observable in the market or cannot be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data
and these derivatives are classified as Level 3. Inputs that are unobservable generally include broker quoted prices, volatilities and
inputs that are outside of the observable portion of the interest rate curve or other relevant market measures. These unobservable
inputs may involve significant management judgment or estimation. Even though unobservable, these inputs are based on
assumptions deemed appropriate given the circumstances and consistent with what market participants would use when pricing such
instruments. The Company’s use of unobservable inputs is limited and the impact on derivative fair values does not represent a
material amount as evidenced by the limited amount of Level 3 derivatives. The credit risk of both the counterparty and the Company
are considered in determining the fair value for all OTC derivatives after considering the effects of netting agreements and collateral
arrangements.
The following table presents gross notional amount and fair value of derivative instruments by the underlying risk exposure.

As at December 31,                                                                   2019                                                      2018
                                                                                            Fair value                                                Fair value
                                                                      Notional                                                Notional
Type of hedge             Instrument type                             amount          Assets             Liabilities          amount            Assets        Liabilities
Qualifying hedge accounting relationships
Fair value hedges     Interest rate swaps                         $       350    $          –        $            5       $         519    $           –      $      13
                      Foreign currency swaps                               86               3                     1                  91                5              –
Cash flow hedges      Foreign currency swaps                            1,790              39                   407               1,834               80            367
                      Forward contracts                                     –               –                     –                  80                –              9
                      Equity contracts                                    132              16                     –                 101                –             12
Net investment hedges Forward contracts                                 2,822               7                    22               1,864               21             65
Total derivatives in qualifying hedge accounting relationships          5,180              65                   435               4,489           106               466
Derivatives not designated in qualifying hedge
  accounting relationships
                       Interest rate swaps                            283,172        15,159                8,140              300,704          11,204              5,675
                       Interest rate futures                           13,069             –                    –               14,297               –                  –
                       Interest rate options                           12,248           423                    –               11,736             314                  –
                       Foreign currency swaps                          26,329           606                1,399               23,156             747              1,341
                       Currency rate futures                            3,387             –                    –                4,052               –                  –
                       Forward contracts                               33,432         2,337                  273               29,248             670                158
                       Equity contracts                                14,582           853                   37               15,492             653                163
                       Credit default swaps                               502             6                    –                  652               9                  –
                       Equity futures                                  10,576             –                    –               10,908               –                  –
Total derivatives not designated in qualifying hedge accounting
  relationships                                                       397,297        19,384                9,849              410,245          13,597              7,337
Total derivatives                                                 $ 402,477      $ 19,449            $ 10,284             $ 414,734        $ 13,703           $ 7,803

The following table presents fair values of derivative instruments by the remaining term to maturity. The fair values disclosed below do
not incorporate the impact of master netting agreements. Refer to note 8.
                                                                                                          Remaining term to maturity
                                                                                         Less than               1 to 3           3 to 5        Over 5
As at December 31, 2019                                                                     1 year                years            years         years               Total
Derivative assets                                                                    $ 1,248                $ 1,659           $ 1,309      $ 15,233          $ 19,449
Derivative liabilities                                                                   332                    145               218         9,589            10,284


                                                                                                          Remaining term to maturity
                                                                                         Less than               1 to 3           3 to 5        Over 5
As at December 31, 2018                                                                     1 year                years            years         years               Total
Derivative assets                                                                    $       649            $     671         $    795     $ 11,588          $ 13,703
Derivative liabilities                                                                       359                  229              227        6,988             7,803




128       Manulife Financial Corporation    | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The following table presents gross notional amount by the remaining term to maturity, total fair value (including accrued interest),
credit risk equivalent and risk-weighted amount by contract type.

                                          Remaining term to maturity (notional amounts)                                 Fair value
                                                                                                                                                                          Risk-
                                         Under 1          1 to 5          Over                                                                        Credit risk     weighted
As at December 31, 2019                     year           years        5 years          Total          Positive      Negative            Net       equivalent(1)     amount(2)
Interest rate contracts
    OTC swap contracts               $    5,105      $ 22,288 $ 112,863 $ 140,256                    $ 15,627 $        (8,910)       $ 6,717         $    6,891       $    957
    Cleared swap contracts                3,932        11,499   127,835   143,266                         238            (240)            (2)                 –              –
    Forward contracts                    11,709        15,089     1,283    28,081                       2,312            (253)         2,059                398             53
    Futures                              13,069             –         –    13,069                           –               –              –                  –              –
    Options purchased                     1,266         4,454     6,528    12,248                         423               –            423                560             77
Subtotal                                 35,081         53,330       248,509        336,920             18,600         (9,403)         9,197              7,849           1,087
Foreign exchange
   Swap contracts                           998          7,519         19,688         28,205               642         (1,864)        (1,222)             2,515            279
   Forward contracts                      8,173              –              –          8,173                32            (42)           (10)               138             16
   Futures                                3,387              –              –          3,387                 –              –              –                  –              –
Credit derivatives                          275            227              –            502                 6              –              6                  –              –
Equity contracts
   Swap contracts                         1,233            164               –         1,397                43             (16)           27                236             29
   Futures                               10,576              –               –        10,576                 –               –             –                  –              –
   Options purchased                      6,604          6,633              80        13,317               821             (20)          801              3,418            448
Subtotal including accrued
  interest                               66,327         67,873       268,277        402,477             20,144        (11,345)         8,799             14,156           1,859
Less accrued interest                         –              –             –              –                695         (1,061)          (366)                 –               –
Total                                $ 66,327        $ 67,873 $ 268,277 $ 402,477                    $ 19,449 $ (10,284)             $ 9,165         $ 14,156         $ 1,859


                                          Remaining term to maturity (notional amounts)                                 Fair value
                                                                                                                                                                          Risk-
                                         Under 1          1 to 5          Over                                                                        Credit risk     weighted
As at December 31, 2018                     year           years        5 years          Total          Positive      Negative            Net       equivalent(1)     amount(2)
Interest rate contracts
    OTC swap contracts               $    3,495      $ 22,568 $ 121,817 $ 147,880                    $ 11,750 $        (6,477)       $ 5,273         $    5,301       $    787
    Cleared swap contracts                5,723        16,140   131,480   153,343                          95              (96)            (1)                –              –
    Forward contracts                    10,258        14,300       648    25,206                         637            (126)           511                259             37
    Futures                              14,297             –         –    14,297                           –                –              –                 –              –
    Options purchased                     1,166         4,981     5,589    11,736                         317                –           317                376             58
Subtotal                                 34,939         57,989       259,534        352,462             12,799         (6,699)         6,100              5,936            882
Foreign exchange
   Swap contracts                         1,024          6,281         17,776         25,081               807         (1,736)          (929)             2,309            256
   Forward contracts                      5,926             60              –          5,986                54           (106)            (52)              108             13
   Futures                                4,052              –              –          4,052                 –              –               –                 –              –
Credit derivatives                          143            509              –            652                10              –              10                 –              –
Equity contracts
   Swap contracts                         2,728            142                –        2,870                29              (57)          (28)              303             38
   Futures                               10,908              –                –       10,908                 –                –             –                 –              –
   Options purchased                      6,142          6,581                –       12,723               621            (118)          503              2,277            316
Subtotal including accrued
  interest                               65,862         71,562       277,310        414,734             14,320         (8,716)         5,604             10,933           1,505
Less accrued interest                         –              –             –              –                617           (913)          (296)                 –               –
Total                                $ 65,862        $ 71,562 $ 277,310 $ 414,734                    $ 13,703 $        (7,803)       $ 5,900         $ 10,933         $ 1,505


(1) Credit risk equivalent is the sum of replacement cost and the potential future credit exposure. Replacement cost represents the current cost of replacing all contracts with

    a positive fair value. The amounts take into consideration legal contracts that permit offsetting of positions. The potential future credit exposure is calculated based on a
    formula prescribed by OSFI.
(2) Risk-weighted amount represents the credit risk equivalent, weighted according to the creditworthiness of the counterparty, as prescribed by OSFI.




The total notional amount of $402 billion (2018 – $415 billion) includes $128 billion (2018 – $136 billion) related to derivatives
utilized in the Company’s variable annuity guarantee dynamic hedging and macro equity risk hedging programs. Due to the
Company’s variable annuity hedging practices, a large number of trades are in offsetting positions, resulting in materially lower net
fair value exposure to the Company than what the gross notional amount would suggest.




                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements            | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report                      129
Fair value and the fair value hierarchy of derivative instruments
As at December 31, 2019                                                                          Fair value         Level 1         Level 2           Level 3
Derivative assets
   Interest rate contracts                                                                   $ 17,894           $        –     $ 15,801           $ 2,093
   Foreign exchange contracts                                                                     680                    –          680                 –
   Equity contracts                                                                               869                    –          821                48
   Credit default swaps                                                                             6                    –            6                 –
Total derivative assets                                                                      $ 19,449           $        –     $ 17,308           $ 2,141
Derivative liabilities
   Interest rate contracts                                                                   $     8,397        $        –     $     7,730        $     667
   Foreign exchange contracts                                                                      1,850                 –           1,849                1
   Equity contracts                                                                                   37                 –              20               17
Total derivative liabilities                                                                 $ 10,284           $        –     $     9,599        $     685


As at December 31, 2018                                                                          Fair value         Level 1         Level 2           Level 3
Derivative assets
   Interest rate contracts                                                                   $ 12,155           $        –     $ 11,537           $     618
   Foreign exchange contracts                                                                     886                    –          876                  10
   Equity contracts                                                                               653                    –          621                  32
   Credit default swaps                                                                             9                    –            9                   –
Total derivative assets                                                                      $ 13,703           $        –     $ 13,043           $     660
Derivative liabilities
   Interest rate contracts                                                                   $     5,815        $        –     $     5,318        $     497
   Foreign exchange contracts                                                                      1,814                 –           1,813                1
   Equity contracts                                                                                  174                 –             118               56
Total derivative liabilities                                                                 $     7,803        $        –     $     7,249        $     554

Level 3 roll forward information for net derivative contracts measured using significant unobservable inputs is disclosed in note 3(g).

(b) Hedging relationships
The Company uses derivatives for economic hedging purposes. In certain circumstances, these hedges also meet the requirements of
hedge accounting. Risk management strategies eligible for hedge accounting are designated as fair value hedges, cash flow hedges or
net investment hedges, as described below.

Fair value hedges
The Company uses interest rate swaps to manage its exposure to changes in the fair value of fixed rate financial instruments due to
changes in interest rates. The Company also uses cross currency swaps to manage its exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations,
interest rate fluctuations, or both.
The Company recognizes gains and losses on derivatives and the related hedged items in fair value hedges in investment income.
These investment gains (losses) are shown in the following table.
                                                                                                                                              Ineffectiveness
                                                 Hedged items in qualifying                            Gains (losses)    Gains (losses)        recognized in
                                                 fair value hedging                                   recognized on     recognized for            investment
For the year ended December 31, 2019             relationships                                            derivatives    hedged items                 income
Interest rate swaps                              Fixed rate liabilities                                        $ 8                 $ (6)                 $ 2
Foreign currency swaps                           Fixed rate assets                                               (1)                  2                    1
Total                                                                                                          $ 7                 $ (4)                 $ 3


                                                                                                                                              Ineffectiveness
                                                 Hedged items in qualifying                            Gains (losses)    Gains (losses)        recognized in
                                                 fair value hedging                                   recognized on     recognized for            investment
For the year ended December 31, 2018             relationships                                            derivatives    hedged items                 income
Interest rate swaps                              Fixed rate assets                                             $ 1                 $ (1)                 $ –
                                                 Fixed rate liabilities                                          3                   (3)                   –
Foreign currency swaps                           Fixed rate assets                                               7                   (5)                   2
Total                                                                                                          $ 11                $ (9)                 $ 2




130      Manulife Financial Corporation   | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Cash flow hedges
The Company uses interest rate swaps to hedge the variability in cash flows from variable rate financial instruments and forecasted
transactions. The Company also uses cross currency swaps and foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability from
foreign currency financial instruments and foreign currency expenses. Total return swaps are used to hedge the variability in cash
flows associated with certain stock-based compensation awards. Inflation swaps are used to reduce inflation risk generated from
inflation-indexed liabilities.
The effects of derivatives in cash flow hedging relationships on the Consolidated Statements of Income and the Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Income are shown in the following table.
                                                                                                                           Gains (losses)
                                                                                                      Gains (losses)         reclassified     Ineffectiveness
                                                 Hedged items in qualifying                             deferred in      from AOCI into        recognized in
                                                 cash flow hedging                                        AOCI on            investment           investment
For the year ended December 31, 2019             relationships                                          derivatives              income               income
Foreign currency swaps                           Fixed rate assets                                         $      (2)           $     1             $      –
                                                 Floating rate liabilities                                       (40)                37                    –
                                                 Fixed rate liabilities                                          (41)               (35)                   –
Forward contracts                                Forecasted expenses                                               –                 (9)                   –
Equity contracts                                 Stock-based compensation                                         35                 (9)                   –
Total                                                                                                      $     (48)           $   (15)            $      –


                                                                                                                           Gains (losses)
                                                                                                      Gains (losses)         reclassified     Ineffectiveness
                                                 Hedged items in qualifying                             deferred in      from AOCI into        recognized in
                                                 cash flow hedging                                        AOCI on            investment           investment
For the year ended December 31, 2018             relationships                                          derivatives              income               income
Interest rate swaps                              Forecasted liabilities                                    $        –           $    (20)           $      –
Foreign currency swaps                           Fixed rate assets                                                  –                  (1)                 –
                                                 Floating rate liabilities                                       (36)                (62)                  –
                                                 Fixed rate liabilities                                           60                  62                   –
Forward contracts                                Forecasted expenses                                               (8)                 (2)                 –
Equity contracts                                 Stock-based compensation                                        (21)                 27                   –
Total                                                                                                      $      (5)           $      4            $      –

The Company anticipates that net losses of approximately $8 will be reclassified from AOCI to net income within the next 12 months.
The maximum time frame for which variable cash flows are hedged is 17 years.

Hedges of net investments in foreign operations
The Company primarily uses forward currency contracts, cross currency swaps and non-functional currency denominated debt to
manage its foreign currency exposures to net investments in foreign operations.
The effects of net investment hedging relationships on the Consolidated Statements of Income and the Consolidated Statements of
Other Comprehensive Income are shown in the following table.
                                                                                                                          Gains (losses)     Ineffectiveness
                                                                                                                       reclassified from      recognized in
                                                                                                Gains (losses)                AOCI into          investment
For the year ended December 31, 2019                                                         deferred in AOCI       investment income                income
Non-functional currency denominated debt                                                             $ 279                     $      –            $      –
Forward contracts                                                                                       80                            –                   –
Total                                                                                                $ 359                     $      –            $      –


                                                                                                                          Gains (losses)     Ineffectiveness
                                                                                                                       reclassified from      recognized in
                                                                                                Gains (losses)                AOCI into          investment
For the year ended December 31, 2018                                                         deferred in AOCI       investment income                income
Non-functional currency denominated debt                                                             $ (469)                   $      –            $      –
Forward contracts                                                                                         9                           –                   –
Total                                                                                                $ (460)                   $      –            $      –




                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report                 131
(c) Derivatives not designated in qualifying hedge accounting relationships
Derivatives used in portfolios supporting insurance contract liabilities are generally not designated in qualifying hedge accounting
relationships because the change in the value of the insurance contract liabilities economically hedged by these derivatives is also
recorded through net income. Since changes in fair value of these derivatives and related hedged risks are recognized in investment
income as they occur, they generally offset the change in hedged risk to the extent the hedges are economically effective. Interest rate
and cross currency swaps are used in the portfolios supporting insurance contract liabilities to manage duration and currency risks.
Investment income on derivatives not designated in qualifying hedge accounting relationships

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                     2019          2018
Interest rate swaps                                                                                             $    1,483    $ (1,894)
Interest rate futures                                                                                                  571        (298)
Interest rate options                                                                                                   96          (52)
Foreign currency swaps                                                                                                (242)       (122)
Currency rate futures                                                                                                   88             3
Forward contracts                                                                                                    2,815        (355)
Equity futures                                                                                                      (2,436)        742
Equity contracts                                                                                                       277        (276)
Credit default swaps                                                                                                    (3)           (6)
Total                                                                                                           $   2,649     $ (2,258)


(d) Embedded derivatives
Certain insurance contracts contain features that are classified as embedded derivatives and are measured separately at FVTPL
including reinsurance contracts related to guaranteed minimum income benefits and contracts containing certain credit and interest
rate features.
Certain reinsurance contracts related to guaranteed minimum income benefits contain embedded derivatives requiring separate
measurement at FVTPL as the financial component contained in the reinsurance contracts does not contain significant insurance risk.
As at December 31, 2019, reinsurance ceded guaranteed minimum income benefits had a fair value of $981 (2018 – $1,148) and
reinsurance assumed guaranteed minimum income benefits had a fair value of $109 (2018 – $114). Claims recovered under
reinsurance ceded contracts offset claims expenses and claims paid on the reinsurance assumed are reported as contract benefits.
The Company’s credit and interest rate embedded derivatives promise to pay the returns on a portfolio of assets to the contract
holder. These embedded derivatives contain a credit and interest rate risk that is a financial risk embedded in the underlying insurance
contract. As at December 31, 2019, these embedded derivatives had a fair value of $(137) (2018 – $53).
Other financial instruments classified as embedded derivatives but exempt from separate measurement at fair value include variable
universal life and variable life products, minimum guaranteed credited rates, no lapse guarantees, guaranteed annuitization options,
CPI indexing of benefits, and segregated fund minimum guarantees other than reinsurance ceded/assumed guaranteed minimum
income benefits. These embedded derivatives are measured and reported within insurance contract liabilities and are exempt from
separate fair value measurement as they contain insurance risk and/or are closely related to the insurance host contract.




132      Manulife Financial Corporation   | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 5            Goodwill and Intangible Assets
(a) Change in the carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets
The following table presents the change in the carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets.
                                                                                                                                          Effect of changes
                                                                                                 Balance,   Additions/     Amortization           in foreign       Balance,
As at December 31, 2019                                                                         January 1    disposals        expense        exchange rates    December 31
Goodwill                                                                                    $     5,864       $      (6)        $ n/a              $ (115)       $   5,743
Indefinite life intangible assets
   Brand                                                                                            819              –             n/a                 (40)            779
   Fund management contracts and other(1)                                                           798             32             n/a                 (25)            805
                                                                                                  1,617             32             n/a                 (65)          1,584
Finite life intangible assets(2)
    Distribution networks                                                                           868              6             44                  (29)            801
    Customer relationships                                                                          860             (2)            54                   (9)            795
    Software                                                                                        821            357            168                  (19)            991
    Other                                                                                            67              –              5                   (1)             61
                                                                                                  2,616            361            271                  (58)          2,648
Total intangible assets                                                                           4,233            393            271                 (123)          4,232
Total goodwill and intangible assets                                                        $ 10,097          $    387          $ 271              $ (238)       $   9,975


                                                                                                                                          Effect of changes
                                                                                                 Balance,   Additions/     Amortization           in foreign       Balance,
As at December 31, 2018                                                                         January 1   disposals(3)      expense        exchange rates    December 31
Goodwill                                                                                    $     5,713       $    (65)         $ n/a              $ 216         $   5,864
Indefinite life intangible assets
   Brand                                                                                            753               –            n/a                  66             819
   Fund management contracts and other(1)                                                           755               3            n/a                  40             798
                                                                                                  1,508               3            n/a                 106           1,617
Finite life intangible assets(2)
   Distribution networks                                                                            989           (133)            48                   60             868
   Customer relationships                                                                           899               –            55                   16             860
   Software                                                                                         661            275            147                   32             821
   Other                                                                                             70               –             5                    2              67
                                                                                                  2,619            142            255                  110           2,616
Total intangible assets                                                                           4,127            145            255                  216           4,233
Total goodwill and intangible assets                                                        $     9,840       $     80          $ 255              $ 432         $ 10,097
(1) Fund management contracts were mostly allocated to Canada WAM and U.S. WAM CGUs with the carrying values of $273 (2018 – $273) and $380 (2018 – $400),

  respectively.
(2) Gross carrying amount of finite life intangible assets was $1,292 for distribution networks, $1,133 for customer relationships, $2,239 for software and $130 for other

  (2018 – $1,331, $1,145, $2,110 and $133), respectively.
(3) In 2018, disposals include $65 of goodwill and $96 of distribution networks from the sale of the U.S. broker-dealer business, and impairments of distribution networks

  for discontinued products of $27 in the U.S. segment and $13 in Asia segment.


(b) Goodwill impairment testing
The Company completed its annual goodwill impairment testing in the fourth quarter of 2019 by determining the recoverable
amounts of its businesses using valuation techniques discussed below (refer to notes 1(f) and 5(c)). The review indicated that there
was no impairment of goodwill in 2019 and 2018.
Effective January 1, 2018, the Company made organizational changes to drive better alignment with strategic priorities and increase
focus and leverage scale in its wealth management business. As a result of this reorganization, which included recognition of the
Company’s wealth and asset management businesses (Global WAM) as a primary reporting segment (note 19), the Company has
modified the level at which goodwill is tested for impairment purposes. The modification includes (a) the allocation of existing
goodwill to the relevant CGUs or group of CGUs within the Global WAM segment that had previously been combined within
respective regional insurance businesses and (b) the amalgamation of the remaining Canadian-based goodwill (including Individual
Life, Affinity Markets, Individual Annuities, Group Benefits and International Group Program) under the Canadian Insurance reporting
segment. These reorganization-based changes have resulted in goodwill being allocated to CGUs or groups of CGUs based on the
lowest level within the Company in which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes.




                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements             | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report                 133
The following tables present the carrying value of goodwill by CGU or group of CGUs.
                                                                                                                      Effect of
                                                                                                                    changes in
                                                                                                                       foreign
As at December 31, 2019                                                                    Balance,   Additions/     exchange         Balance,
CGU or group of CGUs                                                                     January 1,    disposals          rates   December 31,
Asia
   Asia Insurance (excluding Japan)                                                      $     165      $      –      $     (6)      $     159
   Japan Insurance                                                                             435             –           (15)            420
Canada Insurance                                                                             1,962             –            (5)          1,957
U.S. Insurance                                                                                 367             –           (18)            349
Global Wealth and Asset Management
   Asia WAM                                                                                    196             –            (9)            187
   Canada WAM                                                                                1,436             –             –           1,436
   U.S. WAM                                                                                  1,303            (6)          (62)          1,235
Total                                                                                    $ 5,864        $     (6)     $ (115)        $ 5,743


                                                                                                                      Effect of
                                                                                                                    changes in
                                                                                                                       foreign
As at December 31, 2018                                                                    Balance,   Additions/     exchange         Balance,
CGU or group of CGUs                                                                     January 1,    disposals          rates   December 31,
Asia
   Asia Insurance (excluding Japan)                                                      $     154      $      –      $    11        $     165
   Japan Insurance                                                                             391             –           44              435
Canada Insurance                                                                             1,954             –            8            1,962
U.S. Insurance                                                                                 400           (65)          32              367
Global Wealth and Asset Management
   Asia WAM                                                                                    180             –           16              196
   Canada WAM                                                                                1,436             –            –            1,436
   U.S. WAM                                                                                  1,198             –          105            1,303
Total                                                                                    $ 5,713        $ (65)        $ 216          $ 5,864

The valuation techniques, significant assumptions and sensitivities, where applicable, applied in the goodwill impairment testing are
described below.

(c) Valuation techniques
The recoverable amounts were based on fair value less costs to sell (“FVLCS”) for Asia Insurance (excluding Japan) and Asia WAM. For
other CGUs, value-in-use (“VIU”) was used. When determining if a CGU is impaired, the Company compares its recoverable amount
to the allocated capital for that unit, which is aligned with the Company’s internal reporting practices.
Under the FVLCS approach, the Company determines the fair value of the CGU or group of CGUs using an earnings-based approach
which incorporates forecasted earnings, excluding interest and equity market impacts and normalized new business expenses
multiplied by an earnings-multiple derived from the observable price-to-earnings multiples of comparable financial institutions. The
price-to-earnings multiple used by the Company for testing was 10.3 (2018 – 9.0 to 11.7). These FVLCS valuations are categorized as
Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy (2018 – Level 3).
Under the VIU approach, used for CGUs with insurance business, an embedded appraisal value is determined from a projection of
future distributable earnings derived from both the in-force business and new business expected to be sold in the future, and
therefore, reflects the economic value for each CGU’s or group of CGUs’ profit potential under a set of assumptions. This approach
requires assumptions including sales and revenue growth rates, capital requirements, interest rates, equity returns, mortality,
morbidity, policyholder behaviour, tax rates and discount rates. For non-insurance CGUs, the VIU is based on discounted cash flow
analysis which incorporates relevant aspects of the embedded appraisal value approach.

(d) Significant assumptions
To calculate embedded value, the Company discounted projected earnings from in-force contracts and valued 10 years of new
business growing at expected plan levels, consistent with the periods used for forecasting long-term businesses such as insurance. In
arriving at its projections, the Company considered past-experience, economic trends such as interest rates, equity returns and product
mix as well as industry and market trends. Where growth rate assumptions for new business cash flows were used in the embedded
value calculations, they ranged from zero per cent to 20 per cent (2018 – negative five per cent to 17 per cent).
Interest rate assumptions are based on prevailing market rates at the valuation date.




134     Manulife Financial Corporation   | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Tax rates applied to the projections include the impact of internal reinsurance treaties and amounted to 28.0 per cent, 26.5 per cent
and 21 per cent (2018 – 30.8 per cent, 26.8 per cent and 21 per cent) for the Japan, Canadian and U.S. jurisdictions, respectively. Tax
assumptions are sensitive to changes in tax laws as well as assumptions about the jurisdictions in which profits are earned. It is
possible that actual tax rates could differ from those assumed.
Discount rates assumed in determining the value-in-use for applicable CGUs or groups of CGUs ranged from 7.5 per cent to 10.0 per
cent on an after-tax basis or 9.4 per cent to 12.5 per cent on a pre-tax basis (2018 – 7.5 per cent to 14.2 per cent on an after-tax
basis or 10.2 per cent to 20.4 per cent on a pre-tax basis).
The key assumptions described above may change as economic and market conditions change, which may lead to impairment charges
in the future. Changes in discount rates and cash flow projections used in the determination of embedded values or reductions in
market-based earnings multiples may result in impairment charges in the future which could be material.

Note 6        Insurance Contract Liabilities and Reinsurance Assets
(a) Insurance contract liabilities and reinsurance assets
Insurance contract liabilities are reported gross of reinsurance ceded and the ceded liabilities are reported separately as a reinsurance
asset. Insurance contract liabilities include actuarial liabilities, benefits payable, provision for unreported claims and policyholder
amounts on deposit. The components of gross and net insurance contract liabilities are shown below.
As at December 31,                                                                                                                        2019            2018
Insurance contract liabilities                                                                                                      $ 336,156     $ 313,737
Benefits payable and provision for unreported claims                                                                                    4,229         4,398
Policyholder amounts on deposit                                                                                                        10,776        10,519
Gross insurance contract liabilities                                                                                                  351,161        328,654
Reinsurance assets(1)                                                                                                                 (41,353)        (42,925)
Net insurance contract liabilities                                                                                                  $ 309,808     $ 285,729
(1) The Company also holds reinsurance assets of $93 (2018 – $128) for investment contract liabilities, refer to note 7(b).



Net insurance contract liabilities represent the amount which, together with estimated future premiums and net investment income,
will be sufficient to pay estimated future benefits, policyholder dividends and refunds, taxes (other than income taxes) and expenses
on policies in-force net of reinsurance premiums and recoveries.
Net insurance contract liabilities are determined using CALM, as required by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries.
The determination of net insurance contract liabilities is based on an explicit projection of cash flows using current assumptions for
each material cash flow item. Investment returns are projected using the current asset portfolios and projected reinvestment
strategies.
Each assumption is based on the best estimate adjusted by a margin for adverse deviation. For fixed income returns, this margin is
established by scenario testing a range of prescribed and company-developed scenarios consistent with Canadian Actuarial Standards
of Practice. For all other assumptions, this margin is established by directly adjusting the best estimate assumption.
Cash flows used in the net insurance contract liabilities valuation adjust the gross policy cash flows to reflect projected cash flows
from ceded reinsurance. The cash flow impact of ceded reinsurance varies depending upon the amount of reinsurance, the structure
of reinsurance treaties, the expected economic benefit from treaty cash flows and the impact of margins for adverse deviation. Gross
insurance contract liabilities are determined by discounting gross policy cash flows using the same discount rate as the net CALM
model discount rate.
The reinsurance asset is determined by taking the difference between the gross insurance contract liabilities and the net insurance
contract liabilities. The reinsurance asset represents the benefit derived from reinsurance arrangements in force at the date of the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.
The period used for the projection of cash flows is the policy lifetime for most individual insurance contracts. For other types of
contracts, a shorter projection period may be used, with the contract generally ending at the earlier of the first renewal date on or
after the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position date where the Company can exercise discretion in renewing its contractual
obligations or terms of those obligations and the renewal or adjustment date that maximizes the insurance contract liabilities. For
segregated fund products with guarantees, the projection period is generally set as the period that leads to the largest insurance
contract liability. Where the projection period is less than the policy lifetime, insurance contract liabilities may be reduced by an
allowance for acquisition expenses expected to be recovered from policy cash flows beyond the projection period used for the
liabilities. Such allowances are tested for recoverability using assumptions that are consistent with other components of the actuarial
valuation.




                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements           | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report      135
(b) Composition
The composition of insurance contract liabilities and reinsurance assets by the line of business and reporting segment is as follows.

Gross insurance contract liabilities
                                                                    Individual insurance
                                                                                                                        Other                                           Total,
                                                                                                     Annuities     insurance       Total, net of          Total       gross of
                                                                                       Non-              and         contract       reinsurance    reinsurance    reinsurance
As at December 31, 2019                                        Participating   participating         pensions     liabilities(1)          ceded          ceded          ceded
Asia                                                             $ 46,071      $    32,887       $     5,915     $    3,064        $    87,937     $    1,432     $    89,369
Canada                                                             12,012           39,655            17,871         13,759             83,297            286          83,583
U.S.                                                                8,734           66,163            14,763         49,199            138,859         39,411         178,270
Corporate and Other                                                     –             (609)               36            288               (285)           224             (61)
Total, net of reinsurance ceded                                     66,817         138,096            38,585         66,310            309,808     $ 41,353       $ 351,161
Total reinsurance ceded                                              9,869          13,588            16,850          1,046             41,353
Total, gross of reinsurance ceded                                $ 76,686      $ 151,684         $ 55,435        $ 67,356          $ 351,161


                                                                    Individual insurance
                                                                                                                        Other                                           Total,
                                                                                                     Annuities     insurance       Total, net of          Total       gross of
                                                                                       Non-              and         contract       reinsurance    reinsurance    reinsurance
As at December 31, 2018                                        Participating   participating         pensions     liabilities(1)          ceded          ceded          ceded
Asia                                                             $ 38,470      $    29,547       $     5,062     $    3,048        $    76,127     $    1,332 $ 77,459
Canada                                                             10,743           34,677            18,339         12,869             76,628           (202)  76,426
U.S.                                                                8,673           63,412            16,125         44,932            133,142         41,695  174,837
Corporate and Other                                                     –             (601)               46            387               (168)           100       (68)
Total, net of reinsurance ceded                                     57,886         127,035            39,572         61,236            285,729     $ 42,925       $ 328,654
Total reinsurance ceded                                             11,596          12,303            17,927          1,099             42,925
Total, gross of reinsurance ceded                                $ 69,482      $ 139,338         $ 57,499        $ 62,335          $ 328,654
(1) Other insurance contract liabilities include group insurance and individual and group health including long-term care insurance.




Separate sub-accounts were established for participating policies in-force at the demutualization of MLI and John Hancock Mutual Life
Insurance Company. These sub-accounts permit this participating business to be operated as separate “closed blocks” of participating
policies. As at December 31, 2019, $29,402 (2018 – $28,790) of both assets and insurance contract liabilities were related to these
closed blocks of participating policies.

(c) Assets backing insurance contract liabilities, other liabilities and capital
Assets are segmented and matched to liabilities with similar underlying characteristics by product line and major currency. The
Company has established target investment strategies and asset mixes for each asset segment supporting insurance contract liabilities
which consider the risk attributes of the liabilities supported by the assets and expectations of market performance. Liabilities with rate
and term guarantees are predominantly backed by fixed-rate instruments on a cash flow matching basis for a targeted duration
horizon. Longer duration cash flows on these liabilities as well as on adjustable products such as participating life insurance are backed
by a broader range of asset classes, including equity and alternative long-duration investments. The Company’s capital is invested in a
range of debt and equity investments, both public and private.
Changes in the fair value of assets backing net insurance contract liabilities, that the Company considers to be other than temporary,
would have a limited impact on the Company’s net income wherever there is an effective matching of assets and liabilities, as these
changes would be substantially offset by corresponding changes in the value of net insurance contract liabilities. The fair value of
assets backing net insurance contract liabilities as at December 31, 2019, excluding reinsurance assets, was estimated at $315,952
(2018 – $287,326).
As at December 31, 2019, the fair value of assets backing capital and other liabilities was estimated at $501,147 (2018 – $465,497).




136       Manulife Financial Corporation         | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The following table presents the carrying value of assets backing net insurance contract liabilities, other liabilities and capital.
                                                                    Individual insurance
                                                                                                                  Other insurance
                                                                                        Non-        Annuities             contract                Other
As at December 31, 2019                                        Participating    participating    and pensions          liabilities(1)       liabilities(2)    Capital(3)        Total
Assets
Debt securities                                                  $ 34,169       $   74,113         $ 19,865            $ 31,620         $     8,828          $ 29,527 $ 198,122
Public equities                                                    10,907            6,453              204                 253                 381             4,653    22,851
Mortgages                                                           2,921           12,140            5,203               7,916              21,165                31    49,376
Private placements                                                  4,658           16,020            6,957               9,122               1,090               132    37,979
Real estate                                                         3,336            6,446            1,082               1,731                 113               220    12,928
Other                                                              10,826           22,924            5,274              15,668             410,376            22,806   487,874
Total                                                            $ 66,817       $ 138,096          $ 38,585            $ 66,310         $ 441,953            $ 57,369 $ 809,130


                                                                    Individual insurance
                                                                                                                  Other insurance
                                                                                        Non-        Annuities             contract                Other
As at December 31, 2018                                        Participating    participating    and pensions          liabilities(1)       liabilities(2)    Capital(3)        Total
Assets
Debt securities                                                  $ 30,934       $   67,387         $ 20,469            $ 28,435         $    10,061          $ 28,308 $ 185,594
Public equities                                                     8,416            5,562              172                 262                 589             4,178    19,179
Mortgages                                                           2,218           11,111            4,972               8,732              21,295                35    48,363
Private placements                                                  4,151           14,131            6,960               8,581               1,772               159    35,754
Real estate                                                         3,106            6,028            1,214               1,799                 397               233    12,777
Other                                                               9,061           22,816            5,785              13,427             374,418            23,097   448,604
Total                                                            $ 57,886       $ 127,035          $ 39,572            $ 61,236         $ 408,532            $ 56,010 $ 750,271
(1) Other insurance contract liabilities include group insurance and individual and group health including long-term care insurance.
(2) Other liabilities are non-insurance contract liabilities which include segregated funds, bank deposits, long-term debt, deferred tax liabilities, derivatives, investment

  contracts, embedded derivatives and other miscellaneous liabilities.
(3) Capital is defined in note 12.




(d) Significant insurance contract liability valuation assumptions
The determination of insurance contract liabilities involves the use of estimates and assumptions. Insurance contract liabilities have
two major components: a best estimate amount and a provision for adverse deviation.

Best estimate assumptions
Best estimate assumptions are made with respect to mortality and morbidity, investment returns, rates of policy termination, operating
expenses and certain taxes. Actual experience is monitored to ensure that assumptions remain appropriate and assumptions are
changed as warranted. Assumptions are discussed in more detail in the following table.

  Nature of factor and assumption methodology                                                           Risk management

  Mortality             Mortality relates to the occurrence of death. Mortality is a key                The Company maintains underwriting standards to determine
  and                   assumption for life insurance and certain forms of annuities.                   the insurability of applicants. Claim trends are monitored on
  morbidity             Mortality assumptions are based on the Company’s internal                       an ongoing basis. Exposure to large claims is managed by
                        experience as well as past and emerging industry experience.                    establishing policy retention limits, which vary by market and
                        Assumptions are differentiated by sex, underwriting class,                      geographic location. Policies in excess of the limits are
                        policy type and geographic market. Assumptions are made for                     reinsured with other companies.
                        future mortality improvements.
                                                                                                        Mortality is monitored monthly and the overall 2019
                        Morbidity relates to the occurrence of accidents and sickness                   experience was unfavourable (2018 – favourable) when
                        for insured risks. Morbidity is a key assumption for long-term                  compared to the Company’s assumptions. Morbidity is also
                        care insurance, disability insurance, critical illness and other                monitored monthly and the overall 2019 experience was
                        forms of individual and group health benefits. Morbidity                        unfavourable (2018 – unfavourable) when compared to the
                        assumptions are based on the Company’s internal experience                      Company’s assumptions.
                        as well as past and emerging industry experience and are
                        established for each type of morbidity risk and geographic
                        market. Assumptions are made for future morbidity
                        improvements.




                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements             | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report                         137
 Nature of factor and assumption methodology                                       Risk management

 Investment     The Company segments assets to support liabilities by              The Company’s policy of closely matching asset cash flows
 returns        business segment and geographic market and establishes             with those of the corresponding liabilities is designed to
                investment strategies for each liability segment. Projected cash   mitigate the Company’s exposure to future changes in
                flows from these assets are combined with projected cash           interest rates. The interest rate risk positions in business
                flows from future asset purchases/sales to determine expected      segments are monitored on an ongoing basis. Under CALM,
                rates of return on these assets for future years. Investment       the reinvestment rate is developed using interest rate scenario
                strategies are based on the target investment policies for each    testing and reflects the interest rate risk positions.
                segment and the reinvestment returns are derived from
                                                                                   In 2019, the movement in interest rates negatively
                current and projected market rates for fixed income
                                                                                   (2018 – positively) impacted the Company’s net income. This
                investments and a projected outlook for other alternative
                                                                                   negative impact was driven by decreases in risk free interest
                long-duration assets.
                                                                                   rates and corporate spreads, as well the impact of swap
                Investment return assumptions include expected future asset        spreads on policy liabilities.
                credit losses on fixed income investments. Credit losses are
                                                                                   The exposure to credit losses is managed against policies that
                projected based on past experience of the Company and
                                                                                   limit concentrations by issuer, corporate connections, ratings,
                industry as well as specific reviews of the current investment
                                                                                   sectors and geographic regions. On participating policies and
                portfolio.
                                                                                   some non-participating policies, credit loss experience is
                Investment return assumptions for each asset class and             passed back to policyholders through the investment return
                geographic market also incorporate expected investment             crediting formula. For other policies, premiums and benefits
                management expenses that are derived from internal cost            reflect the Company’s assumed level of future credit losses at
                studies. The costs are attributed to each asset class to develop   contract inception or most recent contract adjustment date.
                unitized assumptions per dollar of asset for each asset class      The Company holds explicit provisions in actuarial liabilities for
                and geographic market.                                             credit risk including provisions for adverse deviation.

                                                                                   In 2019, credit loss experience on debt securities and
                                                                                   mortgages was favourable (2018 – favourable) when
                                                                                   compared to the Company’s assumptions.

                                                                                   Equities, real estate and other alternative long-duration assets
                                                                                   are used to support liabilities where investment return
                                                                                   experience is passed back to policyholders through dividends
                                                                                   or credited investment return adjustments. Equities, real
                                                                                   estate, oil and gas and other alternative long-duration assets
                                                                                   are also used to support long-dated obligations in the
                                                                                   Company’s annuity and pension businesses and for long-
                                                                                   dated insurance obligations on contracts where the
                                                                                   investment return risk is borne by the Company.

                                                                                   In 2019, investment experience on alternative long-duration
                                                                                   assets backing policyholder liabilities was favourable (2018 –
                                                                                   unfavourable) primarily due to gains in real estate properties
                                                                                   and private equities, partially offset by losses in timber and
                                                                                   agriculture properties as well as in oil and gas properties. In
                                                                                   2019, alternative long-duration asset origination exceeded
                                                                                   (2018 – exceeded) valuation requirements.
                                                                                   In 2019, for the business that is dynamically hedged,
                                                                                   segregated fund guarantee experience on residual,
                                                                                   non-dynamically hedged market risks were favourable
                                                                                   (2018 – unfavourable). For the business that is not
                                                                                   dynamically hedged, experience on segregated fund
                                                                                   guarantees due to changes in the market value of assets
                                                                                   under management was also favourable (2018 –
                                                                                   unfavourable). This excludes the experience on the macro
                                                                                   equity hedges.

                                                                                   In 2019, investment expense experience was unfavourable
                                                                                   (2018 – unfavourable) when compared to the Company’s
                                                                                   assumptions.




138    Manulife Financial Corporation   | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 Nature of factor and assumption methodology                                         Risk management

 Policy          Policies are terminated through lapses and surrenders, where        The Company seeks to design products that minimize
 termination     lapses represent the termination of policies due to                 financial exposure to lapse, surrender and premium
 and             non-payment of premiums and surrenders represent the                persistency risk. The Company monitors lapse, surrender and
 premium         voluntary termination of policies by policyholders. Premium         persistency experience.
 persistency     persistency represents the level of ongoing deposits on
                                                                                     In aggregate, 2019 policyholder termination and premium
                 contracts where there is policyholder discretion as to the
                                                                                     persistency experience was unfavourable (2018 – unfavourable)
                 amount and timing of deposits. Policy termination and
                                                                                     when compared to the Company’s assumptions used in the
                 premium persistency assumptions are primarily based on the
                                                                                     computation of actuarial liabilities.
                 Company’s recent experience adjusted for expected future
                 conditions. Assumptions reflect differences by type of contract
                 within each geographic market.

 Expenses        Operating expense assumptions reflect the projected costs of        The Company prices its products to cover the expected costs
 and taxes       maintaining and servicing in-force policies, including              of servicing and maintaining them. In addition, the Company
                 associated overhead expenses. The expenses are derived from         monitors expenses monthly, including comparisons of actual
                 internal cost studies projected into the future with an             expenses to expense levels allowed for in pricing and
                 allowance for inflation. For some developing businesses, there      valuation.
                 is an expectation that unit costs will decline as these
                                                                                     Maintenance expenses for 2019 were unfavourable
                 businesses grow.
                                                                                     (2018 – unfavourable) when compared to the Company’s
                 Taxes reflect assumptions for future premium taxes and other        assumptions used in the computation of actuarial liabilities.
                 non-income related taxes. For income taxes, policy liabilities
                                                                                     The Company prices its products to cover the expected cost of
                 are adjusted only for temporary tax timing and permanent tax
                                                                                     taxes.
                 rate differences on the cash flows available to satisfy policy
                 obligations.

 Policyholder    The best estimate projections for policyholder dividends and        The Company monitors policy experience and adjusts policy
 dividends,      experience rating refunds, and other adjustable elements of         benefits and other adjustable elements to reflect this
 experience      policy benefits are determined to be consistent with                experience.
 rating          management’s expectation of how these elements will be
                                                                                     Policyholder dividends are reviewed annually for all businesses
 refunds, and    managed should experience emerge consistently with the best
                                                                                     under a framework of Board-approved policyholder dividend
 other           estimate assumptions used for mortality and morbidity,
                                                                                     policies.
 adjustable      investment returns, rates of policy termination, operating
 policy          expenses and taxes.
 elements

 Foreign         Foreign currency risk results from a mismatch of the currency       The Company generally matches the currency of its assets
 currency        of liabilities and the currency of the assets designated to         with the currency of the liabilities they support, with the
                 support these obligations. Where a currency mismatch exists,        objective of mitigating the risk of loss arising from movements
                 the assumed rate of return on the assets supporting the             in currency exchange rates.
                 liabilities is reduced to reflect the potential for adverse
                 movements in foreign exchange rates.

The Company reviews actuarial methods and assumptions on an annual basis. If changes are made to assumptions (refer to note 6(h)),
the full impact is recognized in income immediately.
(e) Sensitivity of insurance contract liabilities to changes in non-economic assumptions
The sensitivity of net income attributed to shareholders to changes in non-economic assumptions underlying insurance contract
liabilities is shown below, assuming a simultaneous change in the assumption across all business units. The sensitivity of net income
attributed to shareholders to a deterioration or improvement in non-economic assumptions for Long-Term Care (“LTC”) as at
December 31, 2019 is also shown below.
In practice, experience for each assumption will frequently vary by geographic market and business and assumption updates are made
on a business/geographic specific basis. Actual results can differ materially from these estimates for a variety of reasons including the
interaction among these factors when more than one changes; changes in actuarial and investment return and future investment
activity assumptions; changes in business mix, effective tax rates and other market factors; and the general limitations of internal
models.




                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements     | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report             139
Potential impact on net income attributed to shareholders arising from changes to non-economic assumptions(1)
                                                                                                                                                             Decrease in net income
                                                                                                                                                            attributed to shareholders
As at December 31,                                                                                                                                               2019             2018
Policy related assumptions
2% adverse change in future mortality rates(2),(4)
   Products where an increase in rates increases insurance contract liabilities                                                                             $     (500)      $     (500)
   Products where a decrease in rates increases insurance contract liabilities                                                                                    (500)            (500)
5% adverse change in future morbidity rates (incidence and termination)(3),(4),(5)                                                                              (5,100)          (4,800)
10% adverse change in future policy termination rates(4)                                                                                                        (2,400)          (2,200)
5% increase in future expense levels                                                                                                                              (600)            (600)
(1) The participating policy funds are largely self-supporting and generate no material impact on net income attributed to shareholders as a result of changes in

  non-economic assumptions. Experience gains or losses would generally result in changes to future dividends, with no direct impact to shareholders.
(2) An increase in mortality rates will generally increase policy liabilities for life insurance contracts whereas a decrease in mortality rates will generally increase policy liabilities

  for policies with longevity risk such as payout annuities.
(3) No amounts related to morbidity risk are included for policies where the policy liability provides only for claims costs expected over a short period, generally less than one

  year, such as Group Life and Health.
(4) The impacts of the adverse sensitivities on LTC for morbidity, mortality and lapse do not assume any partial offsets from the Company’s ability to contractually raise

    premium rates in such events, subject to state regulatory approval. In practice, the Company would plan to file for rate increases equal to the amount of deterioration
    resulting from the sensitivity.
(5) This includes a 5% deterioration in incidence rates and 5% deterioration in claim termination rates.




Potential impact on net income attributed to shareholders arising from changes to non-economic assumptions for Long-
Term Care included in the above table(1),(2)
                                                                                                                                                             Decrease in net income
                                                                                                                                                            attributed to shareholders
As at December 31,                                                                                                                                               2019             2018
Policy related assumptions
2% adverse change in future mortality rates                                                                                                                 $     (300)      $     (200)
5% adverse change in future morbidity incidence rates                                                                                                           (2,500)          (1,700)
5% adverse change in future morbidity claims termination rates                                                                                                  (2,200)          (2,800)
10% adverse change in future policy termination rates                                                                                                             (400)            (400)
5% increase in future expense levels                                                                                                                              (100)            (100)
(1) The impacts of the adverse sensitivities on LTC for morbidity, mortality and lapse do not assume any partial offsets from the Company’s ability to contractually raise

    premium rates in such events, subject to state regulatory approval. In practice, the Company would plan to file for rate increases equal to the amount of deterioration
    resulting from the sensitivities.
(2) The impact of favourable changes to all the sensitivities is relatively symmetrical.



(f) Provision for adverse deviation assumptions
The assumptions made in establishing insurance contract liabilities reflect expected best estimates of future experience. To recognize
the uncertainty in these best estimate assumptions, to allow for possible misestimation of and deterioration in experience and to
provide a greater degree of assurance that the insurance contract liabilities are adequate to pay future benefits, the Appointed
Actuary is required to include a margin in each assumption.
Margins are released into future earnings as the policy is released from risk. Margins for interest rate risk are included by testing a
number of scenarios of future interest rates. The margin can be established by testing a limited number of scenarios, some of which
are prescribed by the Canadian Actuarial Standards of Practice, and determining the liability based on the worst outcome.
Alternatively, the margin can be set by testing many scenarios, which are developed according to actuarial guidance. Under this
approach the liability would be the average of the outcomes above a percentile in the range prescribed by the Canadian Actuarial
Standards of Practice.
Specific guidance is also provided for other risks such as market, credit, mortality and morbidity risks. For other risks which are not
specifically addressed by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries, a range is provided of five per cent to 20 per cent of the expected
experience assumption. The Company uses assumptions within the permissible ranges, with the determination of the level set
considering the risk profile of the business. On occasion, in specific circumstances for additional prudence, a margin may exceed the
high end of the range, which is permissible under the Canadian Actuarial Standards of Practice. This additional margin would be
released if the specific circumstances which led to it being established were to change.
Each margin is reviewed annually for continued appropriateness.




140        Manulife Financial Corporation           | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(g) Change in insurance contract liabilities
The change in insurance contract liabilities was a result of the following business activities and changes in actuarial estimates.

                                                                                                                          Other                    Net                         Gross
                                                                                                                     insurance             insurance                       insurance
                                                                                                Net actuarial          contract              contract     Reinsurance        contract
For the year ended December 31, 2019                                                                liabilities     liabilities(1)          liabilities         assets      liabilities
Balance, January 1                                                                              $ 272,761 $ 12,968 $ 285,729                              $ 42,925 $ 328,654
New policies(2)                                                                                     3,251        –     3,251                                   521     3,772
Normal in-force movement(2)                                                                        30,171      750    30,921                                  (972)   29,949
Changes in methods and assumptions(2)                                                                  74        –        74                                   927     1,001
Impact of changes in foreign exchange rates                                                        (9,668)    (499)  (10,167)                               (2,048)  (12,215)
Balance, December 31                                                                            $ 296,589          $ 13,219              $ 309,808        $ 41,353       $ 351,161


                                                                                                                          Other                    Net                         Gross
                                                                                                                     insurance             insurance                       insurance
                                                                                                Net actuarial          contract              contract     Reinsurance        contract
For the year ended December 31, 2018                                                                liabilities     liabilities(1)          liabilities         assets      liabilities
Balance, January 1                                                                              $ 263,091 $ 11,155 $ 274,246                              $ 30,359 $ 304,605
New policies(3)                                                                                      3,269        –     3,269                                   388    3,657
Normal in-force movement(3)                                                                          2,044     985      3,029                                (1,150)   1,879
Changes in methods and assumptions(3)                                                                 (173)      (1)     (174)                                 (608)    (782)
Impact of annuity coinsurance transactions                                                         (11,156)       –   (11,156)                              11,156         –
Impact of changes in foreign exchange rates                                                         15,686     829     16,515                                 2,780   19,295
Balance, December 31                                                                            $ 272,761          $ 12,968              $ 285,729        $ 42,925       $ 328,654
(1) Other insurance contract liabilities are comprised of benefits payable and provision for unreported claims and policyholder amounts on deposit.
(2) In 2019, the $33,727 increase reported as the change in insurance contract liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Income primarily consists of changes due to

    normal in-force movement, new policies and changes in methods and assumptions. These three items in the gross insurance contract liabilities were netted off by an
    increase of $34,721, of which $34,056 is included in the Consolidated Statements of Income increase in insurance contract liabilities and $665 is included in gross claims
    and benefits. The Consolidated Statements of Income change in insurance contract liabilities also includes the change in embedded derivatives associated with insurance
    contracts.
(3) In 2018, the $2,907 increase reported as the change in insurance contract liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Income primarily consists of changes due to

    normal in-force movement, new policies and changes in methods and assumptions. These three items in the gross insurance contract liabilities were netted off by an
    increase of $4,754, of which $3,632 is included in the Consolidated Statements of Income increase in insurance contract liabilities and $1,122 is included in gross claims
    and benefits. The Consolidated Statements of Income change in insurance contract liabilities also includes the change in embedded derivatives associated with insurance
    contracts. The Company finalized its estimate of U.S. Tax reform which resulted in a $196 pre-tax ($154 post-tax) increase in insurance contract liabilities, refer to
    note 16.


(h) Actuarial methods and assumptions
A comprehensive review of valuation assumptions and methods is performed annually. The review reduces the Company’s exposure
to uncertainty by ensuring assumptions for both asset and liability risks remain appropriate. This is accomplished by monitoring
experience and updating assumptions which represent a best estimate of expected future experience, and margins that are
appropriate for the risks assumed. While the assumptions selected represent the Company’s current best estimates and assessment of
risk, the ongoing monitoring of experience and the changes in economic environment are likely to result in future changes to the
actuarial assumptions, which could materially impact the insurance contract liabilities.

Annual review 2019
The completion of the 2019 annual review of actuarial methods and assumptions resulted in an increase in insurance contract
liabilities of $74, net of reinsurance, and a decrease in net income attributed to shareholders of $21 post-tax.

                                                                                                              Change in insurance contract liabilities,
                                                                                                                       net of reinsurance
                                                                                                                           Attributed to                               Change in net
                                                                                                                            participating         Attributed to    income attributed
                                                                                                                           policyholders’         shareholders’       to shareholders
For the year ended December 31, 2019                                                                              Total          account                account             (post-tax)
Long-term care triennial review                                                                              $      11               $      –             $ 11                 $ (8)
Mortality and morbidity updates                                                                                     25                     47               (22)                 14
Lapses and policyholder behaviour                                                                                  135                     17              118                  (75)
Investment return assumptions                                                                                       12                     81               (69)                 70
Other updates                                                                                                     (109)                  (163)               54                 (22)
Net impact                                                                                                   $     74                $ (18)               $ 92                $ (21)




                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements           | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report                               141
Long-term care triennial review
U.S. Insurance completed a comprehensive long-term care (“LTC”) experience study. The review included all aspects of claim
assumptions, the impact of policyholder benefit reductions as well as the progress on future premium rate increases and a review of
margins on the business. The impact of the LTC review was approximately net neutral to net income attributed to shareholders.
The experience study showed lower termination rates than expected during the elimination or “qualifying” period (which is the period
between when a claim is filed and when benefit payments begin), and favourable incidence as policyholders are filing claims at a
lower rate than expected. In addition, policyholders are electing to reduce their benefits in lieu of paying increased premiums. The
overall claims experience review led to a post-tax charge to net income attributed to shareholders of approximately $1.9 billion, which
includes a gain of approximately $0.2 billion for the impact of benefit reductions.
The experience study included additional claims data due to the natural aging of the block of business. As a result, the Company
reduced certain margins for adverse deviations, which resulted in a post-tax gain to net income attributed to shareholders of
approximately $0.7 billion.
While the study continues to support the assumptions of both future morbidity and mortality improvement, the Company reduced its
morbidity improvement assumption, which resulted in a post-tax charge to net income attributed to shareholders of approximately
$0.7 billion.
The review of premium increases assumed in the policy liabilities resulted in a post-tax gain to net income attributed to shareholders
of approximately $2.0 billion related to the expected timing and amount of premium increases that are subject to state approval and
reflects a 30% margin. The expected premium increases are informed by past approval rates applied to prior state filings that remain
outstanding and estimated new requests based on the Company’s 2019 review of morbidity, mortality and lapse assumptions. The
Company’s actual experience in obtaining premium increases could be materially different than what it has assumed, resulting in
further increases or decreases in policy liabilities, which could be material.

Updates to mortality and morbidity
Mortality and morbidity updates resulted in a $14 post-tax gain to net income attributed to shareholders. This included a review of the
Company’s Canada Individual Insurance mortality and reinsurance arrangements.

Updates to lapses and policyholder behaviour
Updates to lapses and policyholder behaviour assumptions resulted in a $75 post-tax charge to net income attributed to shareholders.
The primary driver of the charge was an update to the Company’s lapse assumptions across several term and whole life product lines
within the Company’s Canada Individual Insurance business, partially offset by several updates to lapse and premium persistency
assumptions in other geographies.

Updates to investment return assumptions
Updates to investment return assumptions resulted in a $70 post-tax gain to net income attributed to shareholders.
The primary driver of the gain was an update to the Company’s senior secured loan default rates to reflect recent experience, as well
as its investment and crediting rate strategy for certain universal life products. This was partially offset by updates to certain private
equity investment assumptions in Canada.

Other updates
Other updates resulted in a $22 post-tax charge to net income attributed to shareholders.

Annual Review 2018
The 2018 annual review of actuarial methods and assumptions resulted in a decrease in insurance contract liabilities of $174, net of
reinsurance, and a decrease in net income attributed to shareholders of $51 post-tax.

                                                                                          Change in insurance contract liabilities,
                                                                                                   net of reinsurance
                                                                                                    Attributed to                          Change in net
                                                                                                     participating    Attributed to   income attributed to
                                                                                                    policyholders’    shareholders’          shareholders
For the year ended December 31, 2018                                                        Total         account           account              (post-tax)
Mortality and morbidity updates                                                       $     319           $ (192)           $ 511                 $ (360)
Lapses and policyholder behaviour                                                           287                 –              287                  (226)
Investment return assumptions                                                                (96)              50             (146)                  143
Other                                                                                      (684)              (94)            (590)                  392
Net impact                                                                            $ (174)             $ (236)          $     62               $    (51)




142      Manulife Financial Corporation   | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Updates to mortality and morbidity assumptions
Mortality and morbidity updates resulted in a $360 post-tax charge to net income attributed to shareholders.
The primary driver of the charge is related to updates to mortality and morbidity assumptions for the Company’s structured settlement
and term renewal business in Canada. A review of mortality assumptions for the Company’s U.S. group pension annuity business and
certain blocks of life insurance business resulted in a small charge to earnings, and other updates to mortality and morbidity
assumptions led to a small net charge.

Updates to lapses and policyholder behaviour
Lapse and policyholder behaviour updates resulted in a $226 post-tax charge to net income attributed to shareholders.
The primary driver of the charge is related to updated lapse and premium persistency rates for certain U.S. insurance product lines
($252 post-tax charge). This included updates to universal life no-lapse guarantee business lapse assumptions to better reflect
emerging experience, which showed a variation in lapses based on premium funding levels, partially offset by favourable lapse
experience on several of the U.S. life insurance product lines.
Other updates to lapse and policyholder behaviour assumptions were made across several product lines to reflect recent experience.

Updates to investment return assumptions
Investment return assumption updates resulted in a $143 post-tax gain to net income attributed to shareholders.
The Company updated its bond default rates to reflect recent experience, leading to a $401 post-tax gain and updated the investment
return assumptions for ALDA and public equities, specifically oil and gas, which led to a $210 post-tax charge. Other refinements to
the projections of investment returns resulted in a $48 post-tax charge.

Other updates
Refinements to the projection of the tax and liability cashflows across multiple product lines led to a post-tax gain to net income
attributed to shareholders of $392. The refinements were primarily driven by the projection of tax cashflows as the Company
reviewed the deductibility of certain reserves. In addition, the Company refined the projection of policyholder crediting rates for
certain products.

(i) Insurance contracts contractual obligations
Insurance contracts give rise to obligations fixed by agreement. As at December 31, 2019, the Company’s contractual obligations and
commitments relating to insurance contracts are as follows.

                                                                                                       Less than          1 to 3         3 to 5          Over 5
Payments due by period                                                                                    1 year            years          years          years             Total
Insurance contract liabilities(1)                                                                       $ 9,682       $ 12,084       $ 16,587       $ 758,687       $ 797,040
(1) Insurance contract liability cash flows include estimates related to the timing and payment of death and disability claims, policy surrenders, policy maturities, annuity

  payments, minimum guarantees on segregated fund products, policyholder dividends, commissions and premium taxes offset by contractual future premiums on in-force
  contracts. These estimated cash flows are based on the best estimate assumptions used in the determination of insurance contract liabilities. These amounts are
  undiscounted and reflect recoveries from reinsurance agreements. Due to the use of assumptions, actual cash flows may differ from these estimates. Cash flows include
  embedded derivatives measured separately at fair value.


(j) Gross claims and benefits
The following table presents a breakdown of gross claims and benefits.

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                                        2019               2018
Death, disability and other claims                                                                                                                  $15,752            $15,174
Maturity and surrender benefits                                                                                                                       8,433               7,722
Annuity payments                                                                                                                                      4,030               4,262
Policyholder dividends and experience rating refunds                                                                                                  1,445               1,809
Net transfers from segregated funds                                                                                                                  (1,000)             (1,089)
Total                                                                                                                                               $28,660            $27,878


(k) Annuity coinsurance transactions
On September 26, 2018, the Company entered into coinsurance agreements with Reinsurance Group of America (“RGA”) to reinsure
a block of legacy U.S. individual pay-out annuities business from John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.) (“JHUSA”) with a
100% quota share and John Hancock Life Insurance Company of New York (“JHNY”) with a 90% quota share. Under the terms of
the agreements, the Company will maintain responsibility for servicing the policies. The transaction was structured such that the
Company ceded policyholder contract liabilities and transferred invested assets backing these liabilities. The JHUSA transaction closed
in 2018.
The JHNY transaction closed with an effective date of January 1, 2019. The Company recorded an after-tax gain of $18, which
includes an increase of reinsurance assets of $132 and ceded premiums of $131 on the Consolidated Statements of Income.

                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements            | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report                        143
On October 31, 2018, the Company entered into coinsurance agreements with Jackson National Life Insurance Company (“Jackson”),
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Prudential plc, to reinsure a block of legacy U.S. group pay-out annuities business from JHUSA with a
100% quota share and JHNY with a 90% quota share. Under the terms of the agreements, the Company will maintain responsibility
for servicing the policies. The transaction was structured such that the Company ceded policyholder contract liabilities and transferred
related invested assets backing these liabilities. The JHUSA transaction closed in 2018.
The JHNY transaction closed with an effective date of January 1, 2019. The Company recorded an after-tax gain of $31, which
includes an increase of reinsurance assets of $621, a ceding commission paid of $35 and ceded premiums of $581 on the
Consolidated Statements of Income.


Note 7        Investment Contract Liabilities
Investment contract liabilities are contractual obligations that do not contain significant insurance risk. Those contracts are measured
either at fair value or at amortized cost.

(a) Investment contract liabilities measured at fair value
Investment contract liabilities measured at fair value include certain investment savings and pension products sold primarily in Hong
Kong and mainland China. The following table presents the movement in investment contract liabilities measured at fair value.

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                                    2019                2018
Balance, January 1                                                                                                                                $ 782            $    639
New policies                                                                                                                                         66                   96
Changes in market conditions                                                                                                                         62                   76
Redemptions, surrenders and maturities                                                                                                              (86)                 (86)
Impact of changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                                         (35)                  57
Balance, December 31                                                                                                                              $ 789            $    782



(b) Investment contract liabilities measured at amortized cost
Investment contract liabilities measured at amortized cost include several fixed annuity products sold in Canada and U.S. fixed annuity
products that provide guaranteed income payments for a contractually determined period and are not contingent on survivorship.
The following table presents carrying and fair values of investment contract liabilities measured at amortized cost.

                                                                                                                   2019                                  2018
                                                                                                         Amortized                             Amortized
                                                                                                      cost, gross of                        cost, gross of
                                                                                                        reinsurance                           reinsurance
As at December 31,                                                                                          ceded(1)        Fair value            ceded(1)        Fair value
U.S. fixed annuity products                                                                              $ 1,248           $ 1,482              $ 1,357           $ 1,449
Canadian fixed annuity products                                                                            1,067             1,158                1,126             1,269
Investment contract liabilities                                                                          $ 2,315           $ 2,640              $ 2,483           $ 2,718
(1) As at December 31, 2019, investment contract liabilities with the carrying value and fair value of $93 and $103, respectively (2018 – $128 and $130, respectively), were

  reinsured by the Company. The net carrying value and fair value of investment contracts labilities were $2,222 and $2,537 (2018 – $2,355 and $2,588) respectively.

The changes in investment contract liabilities measured at amortized cost was a result of the following business activities.

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                                      2019             2018
Balance, January 1                                                                                                                                $ 2,483        $ 2,487
Policy deposits                                                                                                                                         2               6
Interest                                                                                                                                               62             82
Withdrawals                                                                                                                                          (182)          (201)
Fees                                                                                                                                                   (3)             (1)
Other                                                                                                                                                  17               –
Impact of changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                                           (64)           110
Balance, December 31                                                                                                                              $ 2,315        $ 2,483

Carrying value of fixed annuity products is amortized at a rate that exactly discounts the projected actual cash flows to the net
carrying amount of the liability at the date of issue.
Fair value of fixed annuity products is determined by projecting cash flows according to the contract terms and discounting the cash
flows at current market rates adjusted for the Company’s own credit standing. As at December 31, 2019 and 2018, all investment
contracts were categorized in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.

144       Manulife Financial Corporation        | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(c) Investment contracts contractual obligations
As at December 31, 2019, the Company’s contractual obligations and commitments relating to the investment contracts are as
follows.

                                                                                                Less than           1 to 3          3 to 5         Over 5
Payments due by period                                                                             1 year            years           years          years        Total
Investment contract liabilities(1)                                                                $ 289           $ 484             $ 476        $ 3,846      $ 5,095
(1) Due to the nature of the products, the timing of net cash flows may be before contract maturity. Cash flows are undiscounted.




Note 8        Risk Management
The Company policies and procedures for managing risks of financial instruments are disclosed in the shaded area of the “Risk
Management and Risk Factors” section of the MD&A for the year ended December 31, 2019. These disclosures are in accordance
with IFRS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” and an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

(a) Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of loss due to inability or unwillingness of a borrower, or counterparty, to fulfill its payment obligations.
Worsening regional and global economic conditions, segment or industry sector challenges, or company specific factors could result in
defaults or downgrades and could lead to increased provisions or impairments related to the Company’s general fund invested assets,
derivative financial instruments and reinsurance assets and an increase in provisions for future credit impairments that are included in
actuarial liabilities.
The Company’s exposure to credit risk is managed through risk management policies and procedures which include a defined credit
evaluation and adjudication process, delegated credit approval authorities and established exposure limits by borrower, corporate
connection, credit rating, industry and geographic region. The Company measures derivative counterparty exposure as net potential
credit exposure, which takes into consideration mark-to-market values of all transactions with each counterparty, net of any collateral
held, and an allowance to reflect future potential exposure. Reinsurance counterparty exposure is measured reflecting the level of
ceded liabilities.
The Company also ensures where warranted, that mortgages, private placements and loans to Bank clients are secured by collateral,
the nature of which depends on the credit risk of the counterparty.
An allowance for losses on loans is established when a loan becomes impaired. Allowances for loan losses are calculated to reduce the
carrying value of the loans to estimated net realizable value. The establishment of such allowances takes into consideration normal
historical credit loss levels and future expectations, with an allowance for adverse deviations. In addition, policy liabilities include
general provisions for credit losses from future asset impairments. Impairments are identified through regular monitoring of all credit
related exposures, considering such information as general market conditions, industry and borrower specific credit events and any
other relevant trends or conditions. Allowances for losses on reinsurance contracts are established when a reinsurance counterparty
becomes unable or unwilling to fulfill its contractual obligations. The allowance for loss is based on current recoverable amounts and
ceded policy liabilities.
Credit risk associated with derivative counterparties is discussed in note 8(d) and credit risk associated with reinsurance counterparties
is discussed in note 8(i).

(i) Credit exposure
The following table presents the gross carrying amount of financial instruments subject to credit exposure, without considering any
collateral held or other credit enhancements.

As at December 31,                                                                                                                                2019           2018
Debt securities
    FVTPL                                                                                                                                    $ 166,307      $ 154,737
    AFS                                                                                                                                         31,815         30,857
Mortgages                                                                                                                                       49,376         48,363
Private placements                                                                                                                              37,979         35,754
Policy loans                                                                                                                                     6,471          6,446
Loans to Bank clients                                                                                                                            1,740          1,793
Derivative assets                                                                                                                               19,449         13,703
Accrued investment income                                                                                                                        2,416          2,427
Reinsurance assets                                                                                                                              41,446         43,053
Other financial assets                                                                                                                           5,628          4,800
Total                                                                                                                                        $ 362,627      $ 341,933

As at December 31, 2019, 99% (2018 – 99%) of debt securities were investment grade-rated with ratings ranging between AAA to
BBB.

                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements          | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report                145
(ii) Credit quality
Credit quality of commercial mortgages and private placements
Credit quality of commercial mortgages and private placements is assessed at least annually by using an internal rating based on
regular monitoring of credit-related exposures, considering both qualitative and quantitative factors.
A provision is recorded when the internal risk ratings indicate that a loss represents the most likely outcome. These assets are
designated as non-accrual and an allowance is established based on an analysis of the security and repayment sources.
The following table presents credit quality of commercial mortgages and private placements.

As at December 31, 2019                                                        AAA              AA              A           BBB             BB   B and lower         Total
Commercial mortgages
  Retail                                                                 $     132     $    1,374       $    5,285   $    2,039     $       10     $       –   $    8,840
  Office                                                                        77          1,540            5,808        1,402             26            18        8,871
  Multi-family residential                                                     640          1,585            2,397          714             35             –        5,371
  Industrial                                                                    38            364            1,820          237             10             –        2,469
  Other                                                                        260            739              976        1,290              –             8        3,273
Total commercial mortgages                                                   1,147          5,602           16,286        5,682             81            26       28,824
Agricultural mortgages                                                           –             27              137          312           –                –          476
Private placements                                                           1,098          5,513           14,311       14,139         823            2,095       37,979
Total                                                                    $ 2,245       $ 11,142         $ 30,734     $ 20,133       $ 904          $ 2,121     $ 67,279


As at December 31, 2018                                                        AAA              AA              A           BBB             BB   B and lower         Total
Commercial mortgages
  Retail                                                                 $      82     $    1,524       $    4,459   $    2,227     $    11        $      74   $    8,377
  Office                                                                        56          1,495            5,454        1,650          45                6        8,706
  Multi-family residential                                                     613          1,427            2,407          839          37                –        5,323
  Industrial                                                                    36            366            1,953          339         120                –        2,814
  Other                                                                        289            334            1,167        1,191           –               14        2,995
Total commercial mortgages                                                   1,076          5,146           15,440        6,246         213               94       28,215
Agricultural mortgages                                                           –            163                –          389           –                –          552
Private placements                                                           1,143          4,968           13,304       14,055         733            1,551       35,754
Total                                                                    $ 2,219       $ 10,277         $ 28,744     $ 20,690       $ 946          $ 1,645     $ 64,521



Credit quality of residential mortgages and loans to Bank clients
Credit quality of residential mortgages and loans to Bank clients is assessed at least annually with the loan being performing or
non-performing as the key credit quality indicator.
Full or partial write-offs of loans are recorded when management believes that there is no realistic prospect of full recovery. Write-
offs, net of recoveries, are deducted from the allowance for credit losses. All impairments are captured in the allowance for credit
losses.
The following table presents credit quality of residential mortgages and loans to Bank clients.


                                                                                            2019(1)                                                2018
As at December 31,                                                           Insured        Uninsured            Total            Insured        Uninsured           Total
Residential mortgages
   Performing                                                            $ 6,613           $ 13,411          $ 20,024         $ 6,854            $ 12,696      $ 19,550
   Non-performing                                                             25                 27                52              19                  27            46
Loans to Bank clients
   Performing                                                                   n/a            1,740            1,740                n/a            1,787           1,787
   Non-performing                                                               n/a                –                –                n/a                6               6
Total                                                                    $ 6,638           $ 15,178          $ 21,816         $ 6,873            $ 14,516      $ 21,389
(1) Non-performing refers to assets that are 90 days or more past due.



The carrying value of government-insured mortgages was 14% of the total mortgage portfolio as at December 31, 2019 (2018 –15%).
Most of these insured mortgages are residential loans as classified in the table above.

(iii) Past due or credit impaired financial assets
The Company provides for credit risk by establishing allowances against the carrying value of impaired loans and recognizing
impairment losses on AFS debt securities. In addition, the Company reports as impairment certain declines in the fair value of debt
securities designated as FVTPL which it deems represent an impairment.

146       Manulife Financial Corporation        | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The following table presents past due but not impaired and impaired financial assets.

                                                                                                                         Past due but not impaired
                                                                                                                   Less than          90 days                      Total
As at December 31, 2019                                                                                             90 days        and greater          Total   impaired
Debt securities
    FVTPL                                                                                                           $     11            $    –      $    11      $ 167
    AFS                                                                                                                    4                 1            5          –
Private placements                                                                                                       215                 –          215          7
Mortgages and loans to Bank clients                                                                                       61                 –           61         59
Other financial assets                                                                                                    60                42          102          1
Total                                                                                                               $ 351               $ 43        $ 394        $ 234


                                                                                                                         Past due but not impaired
                                                                                                                   Less than          90 days                      Total
As at December 31, 2018                                                                                             90 days        and greater          Total   impaired
Debt securities
    FVTPL                                                                                                           $     14            $    –      $    14      $     39
    AFS                                                                                                                    –                 2            2             1
Private placements                                                                                                        15                 –           15            18
Mortgages and loans to Bank clients                                                                                       70                 –           70           120
Other financial assets                                                                                                    77                26          103             1
Total                                                                                                               $ 176               $ 28        $ 204        $ 179


The following table presents gross carrying amount and allowances for loan losses for impaired loans.

                                                                                                                       Gross
                                                                                                                     carrying       Allowances for          Net carrying
As at December 31, 2019                                                                                                 value           loan losses                value
Private placements                                                                                                   $     11                 $     4             $     7
Mortgages and loans to Bank clients                                                                                        75                      16                  59
Total                                                                                                                $     86                 $ 20                $ 66


                                                                                                                       Gross
                                                                                                                     carrying       Allowances for          Net carrying
As at December 31, 2018                                                                                                 value           loan losses                value
Private placements                                                                                                   $     61                 $ 43                $ 18
Mortgages and loans to Bank clients                                                                                       172                   52                 120
Total                                                                                                                $ 233                    $ 95                $138


The following table presents movement of allowance for loan losses during the year.

                                                                                 2019                                                       2018
                                                                                Mortgages                                               Mortgages
                                                                     Private   and loans to                             Private        and loans to
For the years ended December 31,                                placements     Bank clients           Total        placements          Bank clients                  Total
Balance, January 1                                                    $ 43           $ 52             $ 95                $ 39                 $ 46                  $ 85
Provisions                                                              35             15               50                  37                   18                    55
Recoveries                                                               –            (46)             (46)                (27)                   (9)                 (36)
Write-offs(1)                                                          (74)            (5)             (79)                  (6)                  (3)                   (9)
Balance, December 31                                                  $   4          $ 16             $ 20                $ 43                 $ 52                  $ 95
(1) Includes disposals and impact of changes in foreign exchange rates.




(b) Securities lending, repurchase and reverse repurchase transactions
The Company engages in securities lending to generate fee income. Collateral exceeding the market value of the loaned securities is
retained by the Company until the underlying security has been returned to the Company. The market value of the loaned securities is
monitored daily and additional collateral is obtained or refunded as the market value of the underlying loaned securities fluctuates. As
at December 31, 2019, the Company had loaned securities (which are included in invested assets) with a market value of
$558 (2018 – $1,518). The Company holds collateral with a current market value that exceeds the value of securities lent in all cases.



                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements        | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report                      147
The Company engages in reverse repurchase transactions to generate fee income to take possession of securities to cover short
positions in similar instruments and to meet short-term funding requirements. As at December 31, 2019, the Company had engaged
in reverse repurchase transactions of $990 (2018 – $63) which are recorded as short-term receivables. In addition, the Company had
engaged in repurchase transactions of $333 as at December 31, 2019 (2018 – $64) which are recorded as payables.

(c) Credit default swaps
The Company replicates exposure to specific issuers by selling credit protection via credit default swaps (“CDSs”) to complement its
cash debt securities investing. The Company does not write CDS protection more than its government bond holdings. A CDS is a
derivative instrument representing an agreement between two parties to exchange the credit risk of a single specified entity or an
index based on the credit risk of a group of entities (all commonly referred to as the “reference entity” or a portfolio of “reference
entities”), in return for a periodic premium. CDS contracts typically have a five-year term.
The following table presents details of the credit default swap protection sold by type of contract and external agency rating for the
underlying reference security.

                                                                                                                                                                Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                  average
                                                                                                                                  Notional                        maturity
As at December 31, 2019                                                                                                          amount(1)       Fair value    (in years)(2)
Single name CDSs(3) – Corporate debt
    AA                                                                                                                             $    24            $ –                 1
    A                                                                                                                                  371              5                 1
    BBB                                                                                                                                107              1                 2
Total single name CDSs                                                                                                             $ 502              $ 6                 1
Total CDS protection sold                                                                                                          $ 502              $ 6                 1


                                                                                                                                                                Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                  average
                                                                                                                                  Notional                        maturity
As at December 31, 2018                                                                                                          amount(1)       Fair value    (in years)(2)
Single name CDSs(3) – Corporate debt
      AA                                                                                                                           $    25            $ –                 2
      A                                                                                                                                447              7                 2
      BBB                                                                                                                              180              2                 2
Total single name CDSs                                                                                                             $ 652              $ 9                 2
Total CDS protection sold                                                                                                          $ 652              $ 9                 2
(1) Notional amounts represent the maximum future payments the Company would have to pay its counterparties assuming a default of the underlying credit and zero

  recovery on the underlying issuer obligation.
(2) The weighted average maturity of the CDS is weighted based on notional amounts.
(3) Rating agency designations are based on S&P where available followed by Moody’s, DBRS, and Fitch. If no rating is available from a rating agency, an internally developed

  rating is used.

The Company held no purchased credit protection as at December 31, 2019 and 2018.

(d) Derivatives
The Company’s point-in-time exposure to losses related to credit risk of a derivative counterparty is limited to the amount of any net
gains that may have accrued with a counterparty. Gross derivative counterparty exposure is measured as the total fair value (including
accrued interest) of all outstanding contracts in a gain position excluding any offsetting contracts in a loss position and the impact of
collateral on hand. The Company limits the risk of credit losses from derivative counterparties by: using investment grade
counterparties; entering into master netting arrangements which permit the offsetting of contracts in a loss position in the case of a
counterparty default; and entering into Credit Support Annex agreements, whereby collateral must be provided when the exposure
exceeds a certain threshold. All contracts are held with counterparties rated BBB+ or higher. As at December 31, 2019, the
percentage of the Company’s derivative exposure with counterparties rated AA- or higher was 23 per cent (2018 – 19 per cent).
The Company’s exposure to credit risk was mitigated by $12,038 fair value of collateral held as security as at December 31, 2019
(2018 – $7,848).
As at December 31, 2019, the largest single counterparty exposure, without considering the impact of master netting agreements or
the benefit of collateral held, was $3,047 (2018 – $2,269). The net exposure to this counterparty, after considering master netting
agreements and the fair value of collateral held, was $nil (2018 – $nil). As at December 31, 2019, the total maximum credit exposure
related to derivatives across all counterparties, without considering the impact of master netting agreements and the benefit of
collateral held, was $20,144 (2018 – $14,320).

(e) Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
Certain derivatives, securities lent and repurchase agreements have conditional offset rights. The Company does not offset these
financial instruments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, as the rights of offset are conditional.

148       Manulife Financial Corporation          | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
In the case of derivatives, collateral is collected from and pledged to counterparties and clearing houses to manage credit risk
exposure in accordance with Credit Support Annexes to swap agreements and clearing agreements. Under master netting
agreements, the Company has a right of offset in the event of default, insolvency, bankruptcy or other early termination.
In the case of reverse repurchase and repurchase transactions, additional collateral may be collected from or pledged to counterparties
to manage credit exposure according to bilateral reverse repurchase or repurchase agreements. In the event of default by a
counterparty, the Company is entitled to liquidate the collateral held to offset against the same counterparty’s obligation.
The following table presents the effect of conditional master netting and similar arrangements. Similar arrangements may include
global master repurchase agreements, global master securities lending agreements, and any related rights to financial collateral.

                                                                                                       Related amounts not set off in the
                                                                                                          Consolidated Statements of
                                                                                                               Financial Position
                                                                                                      Amounts subject to
                                                                                                           an enforceable    Financial and      Net amount       Net amounts
                                                                                                           master netting   cash collateral       including         excluding
                                                                               Gross amounts of           arrangement or          pledged         financing         financing
As at December 31, 2019                                                   financial instruments(1)     similar agreements      (received)(2)         trusts(3)          trusts
Financial assets
Derivative assets                                                                  $     20,144               $ (9,188)      $ (10,889)            $      67          $    67
Securities lending                                                                          558                      –            (558)                    –                –
Reverse repurchase agreements                                                               990                      –            (989)                    1                1
Total financial assets                                                             $     21,692               $ (9,188)      $ (12,436)            $      68          $    68
Financial liabilities
Derivative liabilities                                                             $    (11,345)              $   9,188      $         1,903       $ (254)            $ (53)
Repurchase agreements                                                                      (333)                      –                  330           (3)               (3)
Total financial liabilities                                                        $ (11,678)                 $   9,188      $         2,233       $ (257)            $ (56)


                                                                                                       Related amounts not set off in the
                                                                                                          Consolidated Statements of
                                                                                                               Financial Position
                                                                                                      Amounts subject to
                                                                                                           an enforceable    Financial and      Net amount       Net amounts
                                                                                                           master netting   cash collateral       including         excluding
                                                                               Gross amounts of           arrangement or          pledged         financing         financing
As at December 31, 2018                                                   financial instruments(1)     similar agreements      (received)(2)         trusts(3)          trusts
Financial assets
Derivative assets                                                                      $ 14,320               $ (6,644)          $ (7,431)         $    245           $ 245
Securities lending                                                                        1,518                      –             (1,518)                –               –
Reverse repurchase agreements                                                                63                    (63)                 –                 –               –
Total financial assets                                                                 $ 15,901               $ (6,707)          $ (8,949)         $    245           $ 245
Financial liabilities
Derivative liabilities                                                                 $ (8,716)              $   6,644          $     1,868       $ (204)            $ (33)
Repurchase agreements                                                                       (64)                     63                    1            –                 –
Total financial liabilities                                                            $ (8,780)              $   6,707          $     1,869       $ (204)            $ (33)
(1) Financial assets and liabilities include accrued interest of $696 and $1,061, respectively (2018 – $621 and $913, respectively).
(2) Financial and cash collateral exclude over-collateralization. As at December 31, 2019, the Company was over-collateralized on OTC derivative assets, OTC derivative

    liabilities, securities lending and reverse purchase agreements and repurchase agreements in the amounts of $1,149, $526, $44 and $nil, respectively (2018 – $417,
    $405, $80 and $nil, respectively). As at December 31, 2019, collateral pledged (received) does not include collateral-in-transit on OTC instruments or initial margin on
    exchange traded contracts or cleared contracts.
(3) Includes derivative contracts entered between the Company and its financing trusts which it does not consolidate. The Company does not exchange collateral on

    derivative contracts entered with these trusts. Refer to note 17.


The Company has certain credit linked note assets and variable surplus note liabilities which have unconditional offset rights. Under
the netting agreements, the Company has rights of offset including in the event of the Company’s default, insolvency, or bankruptcy.
These financial instruments are offset in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.




                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements              | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report                     149
A credit linked note is a security that allows the issuer to transfer a specific credit risk to the buyer. A surplus note is a subordinated
debt obligation that often qualifies as a surplus (the U.S. statutory equivalent of equity) by some U.S. state insurance regulators.
Interest payments on surplus notes are made after all other contractual payments are made. The following table presents the effect of
unconditional netting.

                                                                                                                            Amounts subject to
                                                                                                    Gross amounts of             an enforceable         Net amounts of
As at December 31, 2019                                                                          financial instruments     netting arrangement     financial instruments
Credit linked note(1)                                                                                         $ 782                    $ (782)                    $ –
Variable surplus note                                                                                           (782)                     782                       –


                                                                                                                            Amounts subject to
                                                                                                    Gross amounts of             an enforceable         Net amounts of
As at December 31, 2018                                                                          financial instruments     netting arrangement     financial instruments
Credit linked note(1)                                                                                         $ 679                    $ (679)                     $ –
Variable surplus note                                                                                           (679)                     679                        –
(1) As at December 31, 2019, the Company had no fixed surplus notes outstanding (December 31, 2018 – $nil).




(f) Risk concentrations
The Company defines enterprise-wide investment portfolio level targets and limits to ensure that portfolios are diversified across asset
classes and individual investment risks. The Company monitors actual investment positions and risk exposures for concentration risk
and reports its findings to the Executive Risk Committee and the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors.


As at December 31,                                                                                                                                2019              2018
Debt securities and private placements rated as investment grade BBB or higher(1)                                                                 98%             98%
Government debt securities as a per cent of total debt securities                                                                                 37%             38%
Government private placements as a per cent of total private placements                                                                           12%             11%
Highest exposure to a single non-government debt security and private placement issuer                                                        $ 1,083         $ 1,013
Largest single issuer as a per cent of the total equity portfolio                                                                                  2%              2%
Income producing commercial office properties (2019 – 56% of real estate, 2018 – 55%)                                                         $ 7,279         $ 7,065
Largest concentration of mortgages and real estate(2) – Ontario, Canada (2019 – 27%, 2018 – 26%)                                              $ 17,038        $ 16,092
(1) Investment grade debt securities and private placements include 41% rated A, 17% rated AA and 16% rated AAA (2018 – 41%, 17% and 17%) investments based on

  external ratings where available.
(2) Mortgages and real estate investments are diversified geographically and by property type.



The following table presents debt securities and private placements portfolio by sector and industry.

                                                                                                              2019                                    2018
As at December 31,                                                                               Carrying value          % of total     Carrying value        % of total
Government and agency                                                                             $    77,883                   33        $     73,858                33
Utilities                                                                                              44,426                   19              41,929                19
Financial                                                                                              31,929                   13              31,340                14
Consumer                                                                                               25,931                   11              24,190                11
Energy                                                                                                 20,196                    9              17,685                 8
Industrial                                                                                             19,024                    8              17,508                 8
Other                                                                                                  16,712                    7              14,838                 7
Total                                                                                             $ 236,101                   100         $ 221,348                 100



(g) Insurance risk
Insurance risk is the risk of loss due to actual experience for mortality and morbidity claims, policyholder behaviour and expenses
emerging differently than assumed when a product was designed and priced. A variety of assumptions are made related to these
experience factors, for reinsurance costs, and for sales levels when products are designed and priced, as well as in the determination
of policy liabilities. Assumptions for future claims are generally based on both Company and industry experience, and assumptions for
future policyholder behaviour and expenses are generally based on Company experience. Such assumptions require significant
professional judgment, and actual experience may be materially different than the assumptions made by the Company. Claims may be
impacted unexpectedly by changes in the prevalence of diseases or illnesses, medical and technology advances, widespread lifestyle
changes, natural disasters, large-scale man-made disasters and acts of terrorism. Policyholder behaviour including premium payment
patterns, policy renewals, lapse rates and withdrawal and surrender activity are influenced by many factors including market and
general economic conditions, and the availability and relative attractiveness of other products in the marketplace. Some reinsurance
rates are not guaranteed and may be changed unexpectedly. Adjustments the Company seeks to make to Non-Guaranteed elements
to reflect changing experience factors may be challenged by regulatory or legal action and the Company may be unable to implement
them or may face delays in implementation.

150       Manulife Financial Corporation        | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The Company manages insurance risk through global policies, standards and best practices with respect to product design, pricing,
underwriting and claim adjudication, and a global underwriting manual. Each business unit establishes underwriting policies and
procedures, including criteria for approval of risks and claims adjudication policies and procedures. The current global life retention
limit is US$30 for individual policies (US$35 for survivorship life policies) and is shared across businesses. Lower limits are applied in
some markets and jurisdictions. The Company aims to further reduce exposure to claims concentrations by applying geographical
aggregate retention limits for certain covers. Enterprise-wide, the Company aims to reduce the likelihood of high aggregate claims by
operating globally, insuring a wide range of unrelated risk events, and reinsuring some risk.

(h) Concentration risk
The geographic concentration of the Company’s insurance and investment contract liabilities, including embedded derivatives, is
shown below. The disclosure is based on the countries in which the business is written.
                                                                                                                                           Reinsurance
As at December 31, 2019                                                                                               Gross liabilities          assets      Net liabilities
U.S. and Canada                                                                                                         $ 255,999          $ (40,944)       $ 215,055
Asia and Other                                                                                                             98,237               (502)          97,735
Total                                                                                                                   $ 354,236          $ (41,446)       $ 312,790


                                                                                                                                           Reinsurance
As at December 31, 2018                                                                                               Gross liabilities          assets      Net liabilities
U.S. and Canada                                                                                                         $ 246,255          $ (42,634)       $ 203,621
Asia and Other                                                                                                             85,830               (419)          85,411
Total                                                                                                                   $ 332,085          $ (43,053)       $ 289,032


(i) Reinsurance risk
In the normal course of business, the Company limits the amount of loss on any one policy by reinsuring certain levels of risk with
other insurers. In addition, the Company accepts reinsurance from other reinsurers. Reinsurance ceded does not discharge the
Company’s liability as the primary insurer. Failure of reinsurers to honour their obligations could result in losses to the Company;
consequently, allowances are established for amounts deemed uncollectible. To minimize losses from reinsurer insolvency, the
Company monitors the concentration of credit risk both geographically and with any one reinsurer. In addition, the Company selects
reinsurers with high credit ratings.
As at December 31, 2019, the Company had $41,446 (2018 – $43,053) of reinsurance assets. Of this, 94 per cent (2018 – 94 per
cent) were ceded to reinsurers with Standard and Poor’s ratings of A- or above. The Company’s exposure to credit risk was mitigated
by $26,638 fair value of collateral held as security as at December 31, 2019 (2018 – $24,435). Net exposure after considering
offsetting agreements and the benefit of the fair value of collateral held was $14,808 as at December 31, 2019 (2018 – $18,618).

Note 9        Long-Term Debt
(a) Carrying value of long-term debt instruments
As at December 31,                                             Issue date                    Maturity date                  Par value            2019                2018
4.70% Senior notes(1),(3)                                      June 23, 2016                 June 23, 2046              US$ 1,000            $ 1,290            $ 1,355
5.375% Senior notes(2),(3)                                     March 4, 2016                 March 4, 2046              US$ 750                  962              1,010
3.527% Senior notes(2),(3)                                     December 2, 2016              December 2, 2026           US$ 270                  350                367
4.150% Senior notes(2),(3)                                     March 4, 2016                 March 4, 2026              US$ 1,000              1,292              1,356
4.90% Senior notes(2),(3)                                      September 17, 2010            September 17, 2020         US$ 500                  649                681
Total                                                                                                                                        $ 4,543            $ 4,769
(1) MFC may redeem the notes in whole, but not in part, on June 23, 2021 and thereafter on every June 23, at a redemption price equal to par, together with accrued and

  unpaid interest.
(2) MFC may redeem the senior notes in whole or in part, at any time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of par and a price based on the yield of a corresponding

    U.S. Treasury bond plus a specified number of basis points. The specified number of basis points is as follows: 5.375% - 40 bps, 3.527% - 20 bps, 4.150% - 35 bps, and
    4.90% - 35 bps.
(3) These US dollar senior notes have been designated as hedges of the Company’s net investment in its U.S. operations which reduces the earnings volatility that would

    otherwise arise from the re-measurement of these senior notes into Canadian dollars.

The cash amount of interest paid on long-term debt during the year ended December 31, 2019 was $216 (2018 – $222). Issue costs
are amortized over the term of the debt.

(b) Fair value measurement
Fair value of long-term debt instruments is determined using the following hierarchy:
Level 1 – Fair value is determined using quoted market prices where available.
Level 2 – When quoted market prices are not available, fair value is determined with reference to quoted prices of similar debt
instruments or estimated using discounted cash flows based on observable market rates.

                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements          | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report                     151
The Company measures long-term debt at amortized cost in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. As at
December 31, 2019, the fair value of long-term debt was $5,078 (2018 – $4,886). Fair value of long-term debt was determined using
Level 2 valuation techniques (2018 – Level 2).


(c) Aggregate maturities of long-term debt

                                                                                                      Less than           1 to 3           3 to 5          Over 5
As at December 31,                                                                                       1 year            years            years           years             Total
2019                                                                                                     $649             $     –           $ –          $3,894           $4,543
2018                                                                                                          –               681               –          4,088            4,769



Note 10          Capital Instruments
(a) Carrying value of capital instruments

                                                                                  Earliest par redemption
As at December 31,                                      Issuance date             date                    Maturity date                   Par value           2019            2018
7.535% MFCT II Senior debenture notes(1)                July 10, 2009             December 31, 2019         December 31, 2108   $ 1,000                   $      –        $ 1,000
JHFC Subordinated notes(2)                              December 14, 2006         n/a                       December 15, 2036   $   650                        647            647
4.061% MFC Subordinated notes(3)                        February 24, 2017         February 24, 2027         February 24, 2032 US$   750                        969          1,017
3.00% MFC Subordinated notes(4)                         November 21, 2017         November 21, 2024         November 21, 2029 S$    500                        481            498
3.049% MFC Subordinated debentures(5)                   August 18, 2017           August 20, 2024           August 20, 2029     $   750                        747            747
3.317% MFC Subordinated debentures(5)                   May 9, 2018               May 9, 2023               May 9, 2028         $   600                        598            597
3.181% MLI Subordinated debentures(6)                   November 20, 2015         November 22, 2022         November 22, 2027   $ 1,000                        998            997
3.85% MFC Subordinated notes(4)                         May 25, 2016              May 25, 2021              May 25, 2026       S$   500                        482            499
2.389% MLI Subordinated debentures(6)                   June 1, 2015              January 5, 2021           January 5, 2026     $   350                        350            349
2.10% MLI Subordinated debentures(6)                    March 10, 2015            June 1, 2020              June 1, 2025        $   750                        750            749
2.64% MLI Subordinated debentures(6),(7)                December 1, 2014          January 15, 2020          January 15, 2025    $   500                        500            500
2.811% MLI Subordinated debentures(8)                   February 21, 2014         February 21, 2019         February 21, 2024   $   500                          –            500
7.375% JHUSA Surplus notes(9)                           February 25, 1994         n/a                       February 15, 2024 US$   450                        598            632
Total                                                                                                                                                     $ 7,120         $ 8,732
(1) MLI redeemed in full the 7.535% Manulife Financial Capital Trust II (“MFCT II”) Senior debenture notes at par, on December 30, 2019, together with accrued interest.

  Refer to note 17.
(2) Issued by Manulife Holdings (Delaware) LLC (“MHDLL”), now John Hancock Financial Corporation (“JHFC”), a wholly owned subsidiary of MFC, to Manulife Finance

    (Delaware) LLC (“MFLLC”), a subsidiary of Manulife Finance (Delaware) L.P. (“MFLP”). MFLP and its subsidiaries are wholly owned unconsolidated related parties to the
    Company. The note bears interest at a floating rate equal to the 90-day Bankers’ Acceptance rate plus 0.72%. With regulatory approval, JHFC may redeem the note, in
    whole or in part, at any time, at par, together with accrued and unpaid interest. Refer to note 17.
(3) On the earliest par redemption date, the interest rate will reset to equal the 5-Year US Dollar Mid-Swap Rate plus 1.647%. With regulatory approval, MFC may redeem

    the debentures, in whole, but not in part, on the earliest par redemption date, at a redemption price equal to par, together with accrued and unpaid interest.
(4) On the earliest par redemption date, the interest rate will reset to equal the 5-Year Singapore Dollar Swap Rate plus a specified number of basis points. The specified

    number of basis points is as follows: 3.00% – 83.2 bps, 3.85% – 197 bps. With regulatory approval, MFC may redeem the debentures, in whole, but not in part, on the
    earliest par redemption date and thereafter on each interest payment date, at a redemption price equal to par, together with accrued and unpaid interest.
(5) Interest is fixed for the period up to the earliest par redemption date, thereafter, the interest rate will reset to a floating rate equal to the 90-day Bankers’ Acceptance rate

    plus a specified number of basis points. The specified number of basis points is as follows: 3.049% – 105 bps, 3.317% – 78 bps. With regulatory approval, MFC may
    redeem the debentures, in whole or in part, on or after the earliest par redemption date, at a redemption price equal to par, together with accrued and unpaid interest.
(6) Interest is fixed for the period up to the earliest par redemption date, thereafter the interest rate will reset to a floating rate equal to the 90-day Bankers’ Acceptance rate

    plus a specified number of basis points. The specified number of basis points is as follows: 3.181% – 157 bps, 2.389% – 83 bps, 2.10% – 72 bps, 2.64% – 73 bps. With
    regulatory approval, MLI may redeem the debentures, in whole or in part, on or after the earliest par redemption date, at a redemption price equal to par, together with
    accrued and unpaid interest.
(7) MLI redeemed in full the 2.64% subordinated debentures at par, on January 15, 2020, the earliest par redemption date.
(8) MLI redeemed in full the 2.811% subordinated debentures at par, on February 21, 2019, the earliest par redemption date.
(9) Issued by John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company, now John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.). Any payment of interest or principal on the surplus notes

    requires prior approval from the Department of Insurance and Financial Services of the State of Michigan. The carrying value of the surplus notes reflects an unamortized
    fair value increment of US$17 (2018 – US$20), which arose as a result of the acquisition of John Hancock Financial Services, Inc. The amortization of the fair value
    adjustment is recorded in interest expense.


(b) Fair value measurement
Fair value of capital instruments is determined using the following hierarchy:

Level 1 – Fair value is determined using quoted market prices where available.

Level 2 – When quoted market prices are not available, fair value is determined with reference to quoted prices of similar debt
instruments or estimated using discounted cash flows based on observable market rates.

The Company measures capital instruments at amortized cost in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. As at
December 31, 2019, the fair value of capital instruments was $7,333 (2018 – $8,712). Fair value of capital instruments was
determined using Level 2 valuation techniques (2018 – Level 2).

152        Manulife Financial Corporation         | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 11             Share Capital and Earnings Per Share
The authorized capital of MFC consists of:
■
    an unlimited number of common shares without nominal or par value; and
■
    an unlimited number of Class A, Class B and Class 1 preferred shares without nominal or par value, issuable in series.

(a) Preferred shares
The following tables presents information about the outstanding preferred shares as at December 31, 2019 and 2018.
                                                                       Annual                                          Number of                           Net amount(3)
                                                                      dividend             Earliest redemption             shares       Face
As at December 31, 2019                              Issue date          rate(1)                         date(2)      (in millions)   amount               2019            2018

Class A preferred shares
   Series 2                               February 18, 2005            4.65%                                n/a                14 $       350        $     344        $    344
   Series 3                                 January 3, 2006            4.50%                                n/a                12         300              294             294
Class 1 preferred shares
   Series 3(4),(5)                         March 11, 2011             2.178%               June 19, 2021                        6         158              155             155
   Series 4(6)                               June 20, 2016            floating             June 19, 2021                        2          42               41              41
   Series 5(4),(5)                       December 6, 2011             3.891%           December 19, 2021                        8         200              195             195
   Series 7(4),(5)                       February 22, 2012            4.312%              March 19, 2022                       10         250              244             244
   Series 9(4),(5)                           May 24, 2012             4.351%          September 19, 2022                       10         250              244             244
   Series 11(4),(5)                      December 4, 2012             4.731%              March 19, 2023                        8         200              196             196
   Series 13(4),(5)                          June 21, 2013            4.414%          September 19, 2023                        8         200              196             196
   Series 15(4),(5),(7)                  February 25, 2014            3.786%               June 19, 2024                        8         200              195             195
   Series 17(4),(5)                       August 15, 2014              3.90%           December 19, 2019                       14         350              343             343
   Series 19(4),(5)                      December 3, 2014              3.80%              March 19, 2020                       10         250              246             246
   Series 21(4),(5)                      February 25, 2016             5.60%               June 19, 2021                       17         425              417             417
   Series 23(4),(5)                     November 22, 2016              4.85%              March 19, 2022                       19         475              467             467
   Series 25(4),(5),(8)                  February 20, 2018             4.70%               June 19, 2023                       10         250              245             245
Total                                                                                                                         156 $ 3,900            $ 3,822          $ 3,822
(1) Holders of Class A and Class 1 preferred shares are entitled to receive non-cumulative preferential cash dividends on a quarterly basis, as and when declared by the Board

    of Directors.
(2) Redemption of all preferred shares is subject to regulatory approval. MFC may redeem each series, in whole or in part, at par, on the earliest redemption date or every five

    years thereafter, except for Class A Series 2, Class A Series 3 and Class 1 Series 4 preferred shares. Class A Series 2 and Series 3 preferred shares are past their respective
    earliest redemption date and MFC may redeem these shares, in whole or in part, at par at any time, subject to regulatory approval, as noted. MFC may redeem the
    Class 1 Series 4, in whole or in part, at any time, at $25.00 per share if redeemed on June 19, 2021 and on June 19 every five years thereafter, or at $25.50 per share if
    redeemed on any other date after June 19, 2016, subject to regulatory approval, as noted.
(3) Net of after-tax issuance costs.
(4) On the earliest redemption date and every five years thereafter, the annual dividend rate will be reset to the five-year Government of Canada bond yield plus a yield specified

    for each series. The specified yield for Class 1 shares is: Series 3 – 1.41%, Series 5 – 2.90%, Series 7 – 3.13%, Series 9 – 2.86%, Series 11 – 2.61%, Series 13 – 2.22%,
    Series 15 – 2.16%, Series 17 – 2.36%, Series 19 – 2.30%, Series 21 – 4.97%, Series 23 – 3.83% and Series 25 – 2.55%.
(5) On the earliest redemption date and every five years thereafter, Class 1 preferred shares are convertible at the option of the holder into a new series that is one number

    higher than their existing series, and the holders are entitled to non-cumulative preferential cash dividends, payable quarterly if and when declared by the Board of
    Directors, at a rate equal to the three-month Government of Canada Treasury bill yield plus the rate specified in footnote 4 above.
(6) The floating dividend rate for the Class 1 Shares Series 4 equals the three-month Government of Canada Treasury bill yield plus 1.41%.
(7) MFC did not exercise its right to redeem all or any of the outstanding Class 1 Shares Series 15 on June 19, 2019 (the earliest redemption date). Dividend rate for Class 1

    Shares Series 15 was reset as specified in footnote 4 above to an annual fixed rate of 3.786% for a five-year period commencing on June 20, 2019.
(8) On February 20, 2018, MFC issued 10 million of Non-Cumulative Rate Reset Class 1 Shares Series 25 at a price of $25 per share for gross proceeds of $250.



(b) Common shares
The following table presents changes in common shares issued and outstanding.
                                                                                                                       2019                                   2018
                                                                                                              Number of                              Number of
                                                                                                                  shares                                 shares
For the years ended December 31,                                                                             (in millions)       Amount             (in millions)      Amount
Balance, January 1                                                                                                 1,971      $ 22,961                   1,982       $ 22,989
Repurchased for cancellation                                                                                         (58)         (677)                     (23)         (269)
Issued under dividend reinvestment plan                                                                               31           739                        9           182
Issued on exercise of stock options and deferred share units                                                           5           104                        3            59
Total                                                                                                              1,949      $ 23,127                   1,971       $ 22,961


Normal Course Issuer Bid
On November 12, 2019, MFC announced that the Toronto Stock Exchange (“TSX”) approved a normal course issuer bid (“NCIB”)
permitting the purchase by MFC for cancellation of up to 58 million MFC common shares. Pursuant to the Notice of Intention filed
with the TSX, purchases under the NCIB commenced on November 14, 2019 and will continue until November 13, 2020, when the
NCIB expires, or such earlier date as MFC completes its purchases. As of December 31, 2019, MFC purchased and subsequently
cancelled 6.3 million of its common shares pursuant to the NCIB at an average price of $25.91 per common share for a total cost of
$163 million.

                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements            | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report                      153
MFC’s previous NCIB which was announced on November 12, 2018 and amended on February 19, 2019, expired on
November 13, 2019. MFC purchased and subsequently cancelled 74.5 million of its common shares pursuant to the previous NCIB at
an average price of $22.20 per common share for a total cost of $1.7 billion.
During 2019, MFC purchased and subsequently cancelled 57.6 million of its common shares at an average price of $23.22 per
common share for a total cost of $1.3 billion, including 51.3 million common shares for a total cost of $1.2 billion that were
purchased under the previous NCIB.

Dividend Reinvestment Plan
The Company offers a Dividend Reinvestment Program (“DRIP”) whereby shareholders may elect to automatically reinvest dividends in
the form of MFC common shares instead of receiving cash. The offering of the program and its terms of execution are subject to the
Board of Directors’ discretion. For the first three quarters of 2019, common shares in connection with DRIP were purchased on the
open market with no applicable discount. For the dividend paid on December 19, 2019, the required common shares were purchased
from treasury with a two per cent discount from the market price.

(c) Earnings per share
The following table presents basic and diluted earnings per common share of the Company.

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                                2019              2018
Basic earnings per common share                                                                                                          $      2.77       $      2.34
Diluted earnings per common share                                                                                                               2.77              2.33

The following is a reconciliation of the number of shares in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share.

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                                2019              2018
Weighted average number of common shares (in millions)                                                                                        1,958              1,983
Dilutive stock-based awards(1) (in millions)                                                                                                      4                  5
Weighted average number of diluted common shares (in millions)                                                                                1,962              1,988
(1) The dilutive effect of stock-based awards was calculated using the treasury stock method. This method calculates the number of incremental shares by assuming the

    outstanding stock-based awards are (i) exercised and (ii) then reduced by the number of shares assumed to be repurchased from the issuance proceeds, using the average
    market price of MFC common shares for the year. Excluded from the calculation was a weighted average of 9 million (2018 – 7 million) anti-dilutive stock-based awards.


(d) Quarterly dividend declaration subsequent to year end
On February 12, 2020, the Company’s Board of Directors approved a quarterly dividend of $0.28 per share on the common shares of
MFC, payable on or after March 19, 2020 to shareholders of record at the close of business on February 25, 2020.
The Board also declared dividends on the following non-cumulative preferred shares, payable on or after March 19, 2020 to
shareholders of record at the close of business on February 25, 2020.

Class A Shares Series 2 – $ 0.29063 per share                                         Class 1 Shares Series 13 – $ 0.275875 per share
Class A Shares Series 3 – $ 0.28125 per share                                         Class 1 Shares Series 15 – $ 0.236625 per share
Class 1 Shares Series 3 – $ 0.136125 per share                                        Class 1 Shares Series 17 – $ 0.2375 per share
Class 1 Shares Series 4 – $ 0.191413 per share                                        Class 1 Shares Series 19 – $ 0.2375 per share
Class 1 Shares Series 5 – $ 0.243188 per share                                        Class 1 Shares Series 21 – $ 0.35 per share
Class 1 Shares Series 7 – $ 0.2695 per share                                          Class 1 Shares Series 23 – $ 0.303125 per share
Class 1 Shares Series 9 – $ 0.271938 per share                                        Class 1 Shares Series 25 – $ 0.29375 per share
Class 1 Shares Series 11 – $ 0.295688 per share


Note 12          Capital Management
(a) Capital management
The Company monitors and manages its consolidated capital in compliance with the Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (“LICAT”)
guideline, the capital framework issued by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (“OSFI”) that became effective on
January 1, 2018. Under this capital framework, the Company’s consolidated capital resources, including available capital, surplus
allowance, and eligible deposits, are measured against the base solvency buffer, which is the risk-based capital requirement
determined in accordance with the guideline.
The Company’s operating activities are mostly conducted within MLI and its subsidiaries. MLI is also regulated by OSFI and is therefore
subject to consolidated risk-based capital requirements using the OSFI LICAT framework.
The Company seeks to manage its capital with the objectives of:
■
  Operating with sufficient capital to be able to honour all commitments to its policyholders and creditors with a high degree of
  confidence;
■
  Retaining the ongoing confidence of regulators, policyholders, rating agencies, investors and other creditors in order to ensure
  access to capital markets; and

154         Manulife Financial Corporation      | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
■
    Optimizing return on capital to meet shareholders’ expectations subject to constraints and considerations of adequate levels of
    capital established to meet the first two objectives.
Capital is managed and monitored in accordance with the Capital Management Policy. The policy is reviewed and approved by the
Board of Directors annually and is integrated with the Company’s risk and financial management frameworks. It establishes guidelines
regarding the quantity and quality of capital, internal capital mobility, and proactive management of ongoing and future capital
requirements.
The capital management framework takes into account the requirements of the Company as a whole as well as the needs of each of
the Company’s subsidiaries. Internal capital targets are set above the regulatory requirements, and consider a number of factors,
including expectations of regulators and rating agencies, results of sensitivity and stress testing and the Company’s own risk
assessments. The Company monitors against these internal targets and initiates actions appropriate to achieving its business
objectives.
Consolidated capital, based on accounting standards, is presented in the table below for MFC. For regulatory reporting purposes,
LICAT available capital is based on consolidated capital with adjustments for certain deductions, limits and restrictions, as mandated
by the LICAT guideline.

Consolidated capital

As at December 31,                                                                                                      2019             2018
Total equity                                                                                                        $ 50,106      $ 47,151
Adjusted for AOCI loss on cash flow hedges                                                                              (143)         (127)
Total equity excluding AOCI on cash flow hedges                                                                       50,249         47,278
Qualifying capital instruments                                                                                         7,120          8,732
Consolidated capital                                                                                                $ 57,369      $ 56,010



(b) Restrictions on dividends and capital distributions
Dividends and capital distributions are restricted under the Insurance Companies Act (“ICA”). These restrictions apply to both the
Company and its primary operating subsidiary MLI. The ICA prohibits the declaration or payment of any dividend on shares of an
insurance company if there are reasonable grounds for believing a company does not have adequate capital and adequate and
appropriate forms of liquidity or the declaration or the payment of the dividend would cause the company to be in contravention of
any regulation made under the ICA respecting the maintenance of adequate capital and adequate and appropriate forms of liquidity,
or of any direction made to the company by OSFI. The ICA also requires an insurance company to notify OSFI of the declaration of a
dividend at least 15 days prior to the date fixed for its payment. Similarly, the ICA prohibits the purchase for cancellation of any shares
issued by an insurance company or the redemption of any redeemable shares or other similar capital transactions, if there are
reasonable grounds for believing that the company does not have adequate capital and adequate and appropriate forms of liquidity or
the payment would cause the company to be in contravention of any regulation made under the ICA respecting the maintenance of
adequate capital and adequate and appropriate forms of liquidity, or any direction made to the company by OSFI. These latter
transactions would require the prior approval of OSFI.
The ICA requires Canadian insurance companies to maintain adequate levels of capital at all times.
Since the Company is a holding company that conducts all of its operations through regulated insurance subsidiaries (or companies
owned directly or indirectly by these subsidiaries), its ability to pay future dividends will depend on the receipt of sufficient funds from
its regulated insurance subsidiaries. These subsidiaries are also subject to certain regulatory restrictions under laws in Canada, the
United States and certain other countries that may limit their ability to pay dividends or make other upstream distributions.


Note 13       Revenue from Service Contracts
The Company provides investment management services, administrative services, distribution and related services to proprietary and
third-party investment funds, retirement plans, group benefit plans and other arrangements. The Company also provides real estate
management services to tenants of the Company’s investment properties.
The Company’s service contracts generally impose single performance obligations, each consisting of a series of similar related services
for each customer.
The Company’s performance obligations within service arrangements are generally satisfied over time as the customer simultaneously
receives and consumes the benefits of the services rendered, measured using an output method. Fees typically include variable
consideration and the related revenue is recognized to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of
cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty is subsequently resolved.
Asset based fees vary with asset values of accounts under management, subject to market conditions and investor behaviors beyond
the Company’s control. Transaction processing and administrative fees vary with activity volume, also beyond the Company’s control.
Some fees, including distribution fees, are based on account balances and transaction volumes. Fees related to account balances and

                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report      155
transaction volumes are measured daily. Real estate management service fees include fixed portions plus recovery of variable costs of
services rendered to tenants. Fees related to services provided are generally recognized as services are rendered, which is when it
becomes highly probable that no significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will occur. The Company has determined that
its service contracts have no significant financing components as fees are collected monthly. The Company has no significant contract
assets or contract liabilities.
The following tables present revenue from service contracts by service lines and reporting segments as disclosed in note 19.

For the year ended                                                                                                                     Global       Corporate
December 31, 2019                                                                       Asia         Canada            U.S.            WAM          and Other            Total
Investment management and other related fees                                         $ 177       $     161        $    542         $ 2,773            $ (198)      $ 3,455
Transaction processing, administration, and service fees                               268             827              17           2,048                 –         3,160
Distribution fees and other                                                            184              52              72             741               (44)        1,005
Total included in other revenue                                                        629           1,040             631           5,562               (242)         7,620
Real estate management services included in net investment income                       36             160             137               –                  9            342
Total                                                                                $ 665       $ 1,200          $    768         $ 5,562            $ (233)      $ 7,962


For the year ended                                                                                                                     Global       Corporate
December 31, 2018                                                                       Asia         Canada            U.S.            WAM          and Other            Total
Investment management and other related fees                                         $ 148       $     149        $    521         $ 2,809            $ (236)      $ 3,391
Transaction processing, administration, and service fees                               242             854              17           1,939                  –        3,052
Distribution fees and other                                                            246              49             617             724                (30)       1,606
Total included in other revenue                                                        636           1,052            1,155          5,472                (266)        8,049
Real estate management services included in net investment income                       31             160              147              –                  10           348
Total                                                                                $ 667       $ 1,212          $ 1,302          $ 5,472            $ (256)      $ 8,397



Note 14       Stock-Based Compensation
(a) Stock options
The Company grants stock options under its Executive Stock Option Plan (“ESOP”) to selected individuals. The options provide the
holder the right to purchase MFC common shares at an exercise price equal to the higher of the prior day, prior five-day or prior
ten-day average closing market price of the shares on the Toronto Stock Exchange on the date the options are granted. The options
vest over a period not exceeding four years and expire not more than 10 years from the grant date. Effective with the 2015 grant,
options may only be exercised after the fifth-year anniversary. A total of 73,600,000 common shares have been reserved for issuance
under the ESOP.


Options outstanding

                                                                                                              2019                                         2018
                                                                                                                       Weighted                                    Weighted
                                                                                                 Number of              average                 Number of           average
                                                                                                     options            exercise                    options         exercise
For the years ended December 31,                                                                 (in millions)             price                (in millions)          price
Outstanding, January 1                                                                                    23           $ 20.29                          25           $20.45
Granted                                                                                                    3             22.62                            3           24.52
Exercised                                                                                                 (4)            18.79                           (3)          17.77
Expired                                                                                                    –             18.88                           (1)          37.35
Forfeited                                                                                                 (1)            23.41                           (1)          21.24
Outstanding, December 31                                                                                  21           $ 20.91                          23           $20.29
Exercisable, December 31                                                                                      5        $ 17.56                            9          $18.08


                                                                           Options outstanding                                           Options exercisable
                                                                                                  Weighted                                                         Weighted
                                                                                                     average                                                          average
                                                                                 Weighted         remaining                                      Weighted          remaining
                                                           Number of              average        contractual             Number of                average         contractual
                                                               options            exercise                life               options              exercise                 life
For the year ended December 31, 2019                       (in millions)             price         (in years)            (in millions)               price          (in years)
$12.64 - $20.99                                                     8            $ 16.91                4.16                       4             $ 16.07                1.85
$21.00 - $24.83                                                    13            $ 23.19                6.94                       1             $ 21.27                3.37
Total                                                              21            $ 20.91                5.93                       5             $ 17.56                2.29


156      Manulife Financial Corporation   | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The weighted average fair value of each option granted in 2019 has been estimated at $4.57 (2018 – $4.97) using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model. The pricing model uses the following assumptions for these options: risk-free interest rate of 2.50%
(2018 – 2.00%), dividend yield of 3.50% (2018 – 3.25%), expected volatility of 28.0% (2018 – 28.0%) and expected life of 6.3
(2018 – 6.3) years. Expected volatility is estimated by evaluating a number of factors including historical volatility of the share price
over multi-year periods.
Compensation expense related to stock options was $11 for the year ended December 31, 2019 (2018 – $10).

(b) Deferred share units
In 2000, the Company granted deferred share units (“DSUs”) to certain employees under the ESOP. These DSUs vest over a three-year
period and each DSU entitles the holder to receive one common share on retirement or termination of employment. When dividends
are paid on common shares, holders of DSUs are deemed to receive dividends at the same rate, payable in the form of additional
DSUs. In 2019, nil DSUs were granted to employees under the ESOP (2018 – nil). The number of DSUs outstanding was 298,000 as at
December 31, 2019 (2018 – 337,000).
In addition, for certain employees and pursuant to the Company’s deferred compensation program, the Company grants DSUs under
the Restricted Share Units (“RSUs”) Plan which entitle the holder to receive payment in cash equal to the value of the same number of
common shares plus credited dividends on retirement or termination of employment. In 2019, the Company granted 46,000 DSUs to
certain employees which vest after 36 months (2018 – 55,000). In 2019, 49,000 DSUs (2018 – 8,000) were granted to certain
employees who elected to defer receipt of all or part of their annual bonus. These DSUs vested immediately. Also, in 2019, 24,000
DSUs (2018 – nil) were granted to certain employees to defer payment of all or part of their RSUs and/or Performance Share Units
(“PSUs”). These DSUs also vested immediately.
Under the Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors, each eligible director may elect to receive his or her annual director’s retainer and
fees in DSUs or common shares in lieu of cash. Upon termination of the Board service, an eligible director who has elected to receive
DSUs will be entitled to receive cash equal to the value of the DSUs accumulated in his or her account, or at his or her direction, an
equivalent number of common shares. The Company is allowed to issue up to one million common shares under this plan after which
awards may be settled using shares purchased in the open market.
The fair value of 229,000 DSUs issued during the year was $26.36 per unit as at December 31, 2019 (2018 – 141,000 at $19.37 per
unit).
For the years ended December 31,
Number of DSUs (in thousands)                                                                                          2019              2018
Outstanding, January 1                                                                                                2,538             2,645
Issued                                                                                                                  229               141
Reinvested                                                                                                              102                98
Redeemed                                                                                                               (416)             (346)
Forfeitures and cancellations                                                                                           (58)                –
Outstanding, December 31                                                                                              2,395             2,538

Of the DSUs outstanding as at December 31, 2019, 298,000 (2018 – 337,000) entitle the holder to receive common shares,
1,055,000 (2018 – 1,151,000) entitle the holder to receive payment in cash and 1,042,000 (2018 – 1,050,000) entitle the holder to
receive payment in cash or common shares, at the option of the holder.
Compensation expense related to DSUs was $10 for the year ended December 31, 2019 (2018 – $6).
The carrying and fair value of the DSUs liability as at December 31, 2019 was $55 (2018 – $43) and was included in other liabilities.

(c) Restricted share units and performance share units
For the year ended December 31, 2019, 6.5 million RSUs (2018 – 5.5 million) and 1.1 million PSUs (2018 – 0.8 million) were granted
to certain eligible employees under MFC’s Restricted Share Unit Plan. The fair value of the RSUs and PSUs granted during the year was
$26.36 per unit as at December 31, 2019 (2018 – $19.37 per unit). Each RSU and PSU entitles the holder to receive payment equal to
the market value of one common share, plus credited dividends, at the time of vesting, subject to any performance conditions.
RSUs and PSUs granted in February 2019 will vest after 36 months from their grant date and the related compensation expense is
recognized over these periods, except where the employee is eligible to retire prior to a vesting date, in which case the cost is
recognized over the period between the grant date and the date on which the employee is eligible to retire. Compensation expense
related to RSUs and PSUs was $128 and $17, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2019 (2018 – $111 and $14,
respectively).
The carrying and fair value of the RSUs and PSUs liability as at December 31, 2019 was $205 (2018 – $128) and was included in other
liabilities.

(d) Global share ownership plan
The Company’s Global Share Ownership Plan allows qualifying employees to apply up to five per cent of their annual base earnings
toward the purchase of common shares. The Company matches a percentage of the employee’s eligible contributions up to a
maximum amount. The Company’s contributions vest immediately. All contributions are used to purchase common shares in the open
market.

                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report       157
Note 15      Employee Future Benefits
The Company maintains defined contribution and defined benefit pension plans and other post-employment plans for employees and
agents including registered (tax qualified) pension plans that are typically funded, as well as supplemental non-registered
(non-qualified) pension plans for executives, retiree welfare plans and disability welfare plans that are typically not funded.

(a) Plan characteristics
The Company’s final average pay defined benefit pension plans and retiree welfare plans are closed to new members. All employees
may participate in capital accumulation plans including defined benefit cash balance plans, 401(k) plans and/or defined contribution
plans, depending on the country of employment.
During 2018, the Company implemented a voluntary exit program, as part of its Canadian operations transformation, and a North
American voluntary early retirement program. Combined, these two programs resulted in the voluntary separation of 1,225
employees in Canada and 204 employees in the U.S. by the end of 2019. A curtailment loss of $22 resulting from these programs was
recorded in earnings during 2018. This loss represents the increase in net defined benefit liability due to the affected employees
separating sooner than had previously been assumed.
All pension arrangements are governed by local pension committees or management, but significant plan changes require approval
from the Company’s Board of Directors.
The Company’s funding policy for defined benefit pension plans is to make the minimum annual contributions required by regulations
in the countries in which the plans are offered. Assumptions and methods prescribed for regulatory funding purposes typically differ
from those used for accounting purposes.
The Company’s remaining defined benefit pension and/or retiree welfare plans are in the U.S., Canada, Japan, and Taiwan (China).
There are also disability welfare plans in the U.S. and Canada.
The largest defined benefit pension and retiree welfare plans are the primary plans for employees in the U.S. and Canada. These are
the material plans that are discussed in the balance of this note. The Company measures its defined benefit obligations and fair value
of plan assets for accounting purposes as at December 31 each year.

U.S. defined benefit pension and retiree welfare plans
The Company operates a qualified cash balance plan that is open to new members, a closed non-qualified cash balance plan, and a
closed retiree welfare plan.
Actuarial valuations to determine the Company’s minimum funding contributions for the qualified cash balance plan are required
annually. Deficits revealed in the funding valuations must generally be funded over a period of up to seven years. It is expected that
there will be no required funding for this plan in 2020. There are no plan assets set aside for the non-qualified cash balance plan.
The retiree welfare plan subsidizes the cost of life insurance and medical benefits. The majority of those who retired after 1991 receive
a fixed-dollar subsidy from the Company based on service. The plan was closed to all employees hired after 2004. While assets have
been set aside in a qualified trust to pay future retiree welfare benefits, this funding is optional. Retiree welfare benefits offered under
the plan coordinate with the U.S. Medicare program to make optimal use of available federal financial support.
The qualified pension and retiree welfare plans are governed by the U.S. Benefits Committee, while the non-qualified pension plan is
governed by the U.S. Non-Qualified Plans Subcommittee.

Canadian defined benefit pension and retiree welfare plans
The Company’s defined benefit plans in Canada include two registered final average pay pension plans, a non-registered
supplemental final average pay pension plan and a retiree welfare plan, all of which have been closed to new members.
Actuarial valuations to determine the Company’s minimum funding contributions for the registered pension plans are required at least
once every three years. Deficits revealed in the funding valuation must generally be funded over a period of ten years. For 2020, the
required funding for these plans is expected to be $11. The supplemental non-registered pension plan is not funded.
The retiree welfare plan subsidizes the cost of life insurance, medical and dental benefits. These subsidies are a fixed dollar amount for
those who retired after April 30, 2013 and will be eliminated for those who retire after 2019. There are no assets set aside for this
plan.
The registered pension plans are governed by Pension Committees, while the supplemental non-registered plan is governed by the
Board of Directors. The retiree welfare plan is governed by management.

(b) Risks
In final average pay pension plans and retiree welfare plans, the Company generally bears the material risks which include interest
rate, investment, longevity and health care cost inflation risks. In defined contribution plans, these risks are typically borne by the
employee. In cash balance plans, the interest rate, investment and longevity risks are partially transferred to the employee.

158     Manulife Financial Corporation   | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Material sources of risk to the Company for all plans include:
■
  A decline in discount rates that increases the defined benefit obligations by more than the change in value of plan assets;
■
  Lower than expected rates of mortality; and
■
  For retiree welfare plans, higher than expected health care costs.
The Company has managed these risks through plan design and eligibility changes that have limited the size and growth of the
defined benefit obligations. Investment risks for funded plans are managed by investing significantly in asset classes which are highly
correlated with the plans’ liabilities.
In the U.S., delegated committee representatives and management review the financial status of the qualified defined benefit pension
plan at least monthly, and steps are taken in accordance with an established dynamic investment policy to increase the plan’s
allocation to asset classes which are highly correlated with the plan’s liabilities and reduce investment risk as the funded status
improves. As at December 31, 2019, the target asset allocation for the plan was 27% return-seeking assets and 73% liability-hedging
assets.
In Canada, internal committees and management review the financial status of the registered defined benefit pension plans on at
least a quarterly basis. As at December 31, 2019, the target asset allocation for the plans was 20% return-seeking assets and 80%
liability-hedging assets.

(c) Pension and retiree welfare plans
                                                                                                          Pension plans                       Retiree welfare plans
For the years ended December 31,                                                                        2019               2018                   2019              2018
Changes in defined benefit obligation:
Opening balance                                                                                     $ 4,675           $ 4,706                 $ 640             $ 665
Current service cost                                                                                     40                42                     –                 –
Past service cost – amendments and curtailments                                                           –                18                     –                12
Interest cost                                                                                           182               165                    25                24
Plan participants’ contributions                                                                          1                 1                     3                 4
Actuarial losses (gains) due to:
   Experience                                                                                              8                  –                    (10)                 (7)
   Demographic assumption changes                                                                          –                 35                      –                  (1)
   Economic assumption changes                                                                           413               (250)                    56                (56)
Benefits paid                                                                                           (358)              (304)                   (46)               (45)
Impact of changes in foreign exchange rates                                                             (144)               262                    (23)                44
Defined benefit obligation, December 31                                                             $ 4,817           $ 4,675                 $ 645             $ 640


                                                                                                          Pension plans                       Retiree welfare plans
For the years ended December 31,                                                                        2019               2018                   2019              2018
Change in plan assets:
Fair value of plan assets, opening balance                                                          $ 4,190           $ 4,328                 $ 610             $ 587
Interest income                                                                                         164               153                    25                 21
Return on plan assets (excluding interest income)                                                       529              (315)                   25                (16)
Employer contributions                                                                                   75                79                    12                 10
Plan participants’ contributions                                                                          1                  1                    3                   4
Benefits paid                                                                                          (358)             (304)                  (46)               (45)
Administration costs                                                                                     (9)                (9)                  (2)                 (2)
Impact of changes in foreign exchange rates                                                            (136)              254                   (29)                51
Fair value of plan assets, December 31                                                              $ 4,456           $ 4,187                 $ 598             $ 610


(d) Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
                                                                                                          Pension plans                       Retiree welfare plans
As at December 31,                                                                                      2019               2018                   2019              2018
Development of net defined benefit liability
Defined benefit obligation                                                                          $ 4,817           $ 4,675                 $ 645             $ 640
Fair value of plan assets                                                                             4,453             4,190                   598               610
Deficit (surplus)                                                                                        364               485                     47                 30
Effect of asset limit(1)                                                                                   4                 9                      –                  –
Deficit (surplus) and net defined benefit liability (asset)                                              368               494                     47                 30
Deficit is comprised of:
Funded or partially funded plans                                                                        (391)              (248)                  (120)             (121)
Unfunded plans                                                                                           759                742                    167               151
Deficit (surplus) and net defined benefit liability (asset)                                         $    368          $    494                $    47           $     30
(1) In 2018, the Company recognized an impairment of $9 on the net defined benefit asset for one of its registered pension plans in Canada. This was due to benefit

    changes for future service which reduced the economic benefit that can be derived by the Company from the plan’s surplus.

                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report                    159
(e) Disaggregation of defined benefit obligation
                                                                            U.S. plans                                                          Canadian plans
                                                           Pension plans               Retiree welfare plans                  Pension plans                  Retiree welfare plans
As at December 31,                                        2019            2018             2019           2018               2019               2018             2019           2018
Active members                                       $     550       $     621         $    31        $    32           $     301          $     332         $    25        $    22
Inactive and retired members                             2,529           2,431             447            457               1,437              1,291             142            129
Total                                                $ 3,079         $ 3,052           $ 478          $ 489             $ 1,738            $ 1,623           $ 167          $ 151


(f) Fair value measurements
The major categories of plan assets and the allocation to each category are as follows.

                                                                           U.S. plans(1)                                                       Canadian plans(2)
                                                           Pension plans               Retiree welfare plans                  Pension plans                  Retiree welfare plans
As at December 31, 2019                              Fair value     % of total      Fair value     % of total           Fair value     % of total        Fair value      % of total
Cash and cash equivalents                            $      32            1%           $    35             6%           $      12               1%           $       –            –
Equity securities(3)                                       563           19%                45             8%                 311              21%                   –            –
Debt securities                                          2,155           72%               511            85%               1,123              78%                   –            –
Other investments(4)                                       255            8%                 7             1%                   2               0%                   –            –
Total                                                $ 3,005             100%          $ 598          100%              $ 1,448                100%          $       –            –


                                                                           U.S. plans(1)                                                       Canadian plans(2)
                                                           Pension plans               Retiree welfare plans                  Pension plans                  Retiree welfare plans
As at December 31, 2018                              Fair value     % of total      Fair value     % of total           Fair value     % of total        Fair value      % of total
Cash and cash equivalents                            $      26            1%           $    51             8%           $      19               1%           $       –            –
Equity securities(3)                                       500           17%                38             6%                 269              20%                   –            –
Debt securities                                          2,088           73%               514            85%               1,033              79%                   –            –
Other investments(4)                                       252            9%                 7             1%                   3               0%                   –            –
Total                                                $ 2,866             100%          $ 610          100%              $ 1,324                100%          $       –            –
(1) All the U.S. pension and retiree welfare plan assets have daily quoted prices in active markets, except for the private equity, timber and agriculture assets. In the

  aggregate, the latter assets represent approximately 7% of all U.S. pension and retiree welfare plan assets as at December 31, 2019 (2018 – 7%).
(2) All the Canadian pension plan assets have daily quoted prices in active markets, except for the group annuity contract assets that represent approximately 0.1% of all

  Canadian pension plan assets as at December 31, 2019 (2018 – 0.2%).
(3) Equity securities include direct investments in MFC common shares of $1.3 (2018 – $0.9) in the U.S. retiree welfare plan and $nil (2018 – $nil) in Canada.
(4) Other U.S. plan assets include investment in private equity, timberland and agriculture, and managed futures. Other Canadian pension plan assets include investment in

  the group annuity contract.


(g) Net benefit cost recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income
Components of the net benefit cost for the pension plans and retiree welfare plans were as follows.
                                                                                                                 Pension plans                          Retiree welfare plans
For the years ended December 31,                                                                               2019              2018                     2019                  2018
Defined benefit current service cost                                                                       $      40         $        42                 $       –          $     –
Defined benefit administrative expenses                                                                            9                   9                         2                2
Past service cost – plan amendments and curtailments(1),(2)                                                        –                  18                         –               12
Service cost                                                                                                      49                  69                         2               14
Interest on net defined benefit (asset) liability                                                                 18                  12                         –                3
Defined benefit cost                                                                                              67                  81                         2               17
Defined contribution cost                                                                                         80                  78                         –                –
Net benefit cost                                                                                           $     147         $       159                 $       2          $    17
(1) Past service cost – plan amendments includes $8 for 2018 for a Canadian pension plan, reflecting a surplus sharing agreement between the Company and certain legacy

  employees in Canada, which received regulatory approval in 2018.
(2) Past service cost – curtailments includes $22 for 2018 for the pension plans and retiree welfare plans in total, reflecting the cost of the voluntary exit and voluntary

  retirement programs described in section (a) of this note.




160        Manulife Financial Corporation         | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(h) Re-measurement effects recognized in Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                                                                Pension plans                            Retiree welfare plans

For the years ended December 31,                                                                               2019               2018                       2019              2018

Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit obligations due to:
   Experience                                                                                            $     (8)         $          –                  $     10             $     7
   Demographic assumption changes                                                                               –                   (35)                        –                   1
   Economic assumption changes                                                                               (413)                 250                        (56)                 56
Return on plan assets (excluding interest income)                                                             529                 (315)                        25                 (16)
Change in effect of asset limit                                                                                 5                    (9)                        –                   –
Total re-measurement effects                                                                             $     113         $      (109)                  $ (21)               $ 48


(i) Assumptions
The key assumptions used by the Company to determine the defined benefit obligation and net benefit cost for the defined benefit
pension plans and retiree welfare plans were as follows.
                                                                            U.S. Plans                                                        Canadian Plans
                                                           Pension plans               Retiree welfare plans                    Pension plans                 Retiree welfare plans

For the years ended December 31,                         2019            2018            2019           2018                2019              2018             2019            2018
To determine the defined benefit
  obligation at end of year(1):
   Discount rate                                        3.2%            4.3%           3.2%            4.3%               3.1%               3.8%             3.1%           3.8%
   Initial health care cost trend rate(2)                 n/a             n/a          7.5%            7.8%                 n/a                n/a            5.6%           5.7%
To determine the defined benefit
  cost for the year(1):
   Discount rate                                        4.3%            3.6%           4.3%            3.6%               3.8%               3.5%             3.8%           3.6%
   Initial health care cost trend rate(2)                 n/a             n/a          7.8%            8.5%                 n/a                n/a            5.7%           5.9%
(1) Inflation and salary increase assumptions are not shown as they do not materially affect obligations and cost.
(2) The health care cost trend rate used to measure the U.S. based retiree welfare obligation was 7.5% grading to 4.5% for 2032 and years thereafter (2018 – 7.8% grading

  to 5.0% for 2030) and to measure the net benefit cost was 7.8% grading to 5.0% for 2030 and years thereafter (2018 – 8.5% grading to 5.0% for 2032). In Canada,
  the rate used to measure the retiree welfare obligation was 5.6% grading to 4.8% for 2026 and years thereafter (2018 – 5.7% grading to 4.8% for 2026) and to
  measure the net benefit cost was 5.7% grading to 4.8% for 2026 and years thereafter (2018 – 5.9% grading to 4.8% for 2026).

Assumptions regarding future mortality are based on published statistics and mortality tables. The current life expectancies underlying
the values of the obligations in the defined benefit pension and retiree welfare plans are as follows.

As at December 31, 2019                                                                                                                                      U.S.           Canada
Life expectancy (in years) for those currently age 65
    Males                                                                                                                                                    22.6              23.7
    Females                                                                                                                                                  24.1              25.6
Life expectancy (in years) at age 65 for those currently age 45
    Males                                                                                                                                                    24.2              24.7
    Females                                                                                                                                                  25.7              26.5


(j) Sensitivity of assumptions on obligations
Assumptions used can have a significant effect on the obligations reported for defined benefit pension and retiree welfare plans. The
potential impact on the obligations arising from changes in the key assumptions is set out in the following table. The sensitivities
assume all other assumptions are held constant. In actuality, inter-relationships with other assumptions may exist.

As at December 31, 2019                                                                                                                  Pension plans         Retiree welfare plans
Discount rate:
   Impact of a 1% increase                                                                                                                   $ (443)                        $ (66)
   Impact of a 1% decrease                                                                                                                      525                            80
Health care cost trend rate:
   Impact of a 1% increase                                                                                                                       n/a                               20
   Impact of a 1% decrease                                                                                                                       n/a                              (17)
Mortality rates(1)
   Impact of a 10% decrease                                                                                                                      136                              14
(1) If the actuarial estimates of mortality are adjusted in the future to reflect unexpected decreases in mortality, the effect of a 10% decrease in mortality rates at each future

  age would be an increase in life expectancy at age 65 of 0.9 years for U.S. males and females and 0.8 years for Canadian males and females.




                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements            | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report                              161
(k) Maturity profile
The weighted average duration (in years) of the defined benefit obligations is as follows.

                                                                                                 Pension plans              Retiree welfare plans

As at December 31,                                                                               2019            2018         2019              2018
U.S. plans                                                                                        9.3             8.8          9.7               9.0
Canadian plans                                                                                   12.3            12.4         14.3              14.3


(l) Cash flows – contributions
Total cash payments for all employee future benefits, comprised of cash contributed by the Company to funded defined benefit
pension and retiree welfare plans, cash payments directly to beneficiaries in respect of unfunded pension and retiree welfare plans,
and cash contributed to defined contribution pension plans, are as follows.
                                                                                                 Pension plans          Retiree welfare plans

For the years ended December 31,                                                                 2019            2018         2019             2018
Defined benefit plans                                                                        $    75         $    79         $ 12             $ 10
Defined contribution plans                                                                        80              78            –                –
Total                                                                                        $ 155           $ 157           $ 12             $ 10

The Company’s best estimate of expected cash payments for employee future benefits for the year ending December 31, 2020 is $77
for defined benefit pension plans, $80 for defined contribution pension plans and $12 for retiree welfare plans.

Note 16       Income Taxes
(a) Income tax expense
The following table presents income tax expense (recovery) recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                              2019             2018
Current tax
Current year                                                                                                            $ 1,246           $ (327)
Adjustments related to prior year                                                                                           (74)              29
Total current tax                                                                                                            1,172             (298)
Deferred tax
Change related to temporary differences                                                                                       (454)           1,250
Impact of U.S. Tax Reform                                                                                                        –             (320)
Total deferred tax                                                                                                            (454)            930
Income tax expense                                                                                                      $      718        $ 632

The following table discloses income tax expense (recovery) recognized directly in equity.

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                              2019             2018
Recognized in other comprehensive income
Current income tax expense (recovery)                                                                                   $       92        $       2
Deferred income tax expense (recovery)                                                                                         366             (148)
Total recognized in other comprehensive income                                                                          $      458        $ (146)
Recognized in equity, other than other comprehensive income
Current income tax expense (recovery)                                                                                   $         5       $       6
Deferred income tax expense (recovery)                                                                                           (6)             (7)
Total income tax recognized directly in equity                                                                          $        (1)      $      (1)

(b) Current tax receivable and payable
As at December 31, 2019, the Company had approximately $600 and $121 of current tax receivable and current tax payable,
respectively (2018 – $1,712 and $118).




162      Manulife Financial Corporation   | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(c) Tax reconciliation
The effective income tax rate reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Income varies from the Canadian tax rate of 26.75 per cent
for the year ended December 31, 2019 (2018 – 26.75 per cent) due to the following reasons.

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                             2019           2018
Income before income taxes                                                                                                             $ 6,220         $ 5,519
Income tax expense at Canadian statutory tax rate                                                                                      $ 1,664         $ 1,476
Increase (decrease) in income taxes due to:
    Tax-exempt investment income                                                                                                             (260)          (200)
    Differences in tax rate on income not subject to tax in Canada                                                                           (754)          (391)
    Adjustments to taxes related to prior years                                                                                              (106)            (71)
    Impact of U.S. Tax Reform                                                                                                                   –           (320)
    Other differences                                                                                                                         174            138
Income tax expense                                                                                                                     $      718      $     632


Impact of U.S. Tax Reform
On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted new tax legislation with broad and complex changes to the U.S. tax code,
effective January 1, 2018. In 2018, the Company finalized its estimate of the impact of these changes and reported a gain of $124
including a $196 increase in insurance contract liabilities. Refer to note 6(g) for the impact of U.S. Tax Reform on the Company’s
insurance contract liabilities.

(d) Deferred tax assets and liabilities
The following table presents the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities reflected on the Consolidated Statement of Financial
Position.

As at December 31,                                                                                                                           2019           2018
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                    $ 4,574         $ 4,318
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                 (1,972)         (1,814)
Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)                                                                                                  $ 2,602         $ 2,504

The following table presents movement of deferred tax assets and liabilities.
                                                                                                      Recognized in
                                                            Balance,                 Recognized              Other                                      Balance,
                                                          January 1,                  in Income      Comprehensive    Recognized    Translation     December 31,
As at December 31, 2019                                        2019      Disposals    Statement            Income       in Equity    and Other             2019
Loss carry forwards                                       $ 1,019        $    (18)     $ (278)            $      –       $    (1)     $     (17)       $      705
Actuarial liabilities                                        5,466              –        3,093                   –            (1)          (115)            8,443
Pensions and post-employment benefits                          242              –            4                 (20)            –               –              226
Tax credits                                                    261              –         (253)                  –             –              (8)               –
Accrued interest                                                 1              –            –                   –             –               –                1
Real estate                                                   (959)             –         (110)                  –             –              23           (1,046)
Securities and other investments                            (2,689)             –       (1,863)               (347)           39            156            (4,704)
Sale of investments                                            (87)             –           17                   –             –               1              (69)
Goodwill and intangible assets                                (847)             –          (49)                  –             –              20             (876)
Other                                                           97            (37)        (107)                  1           (31)             (1)             (78)
Total                                                     $ 2,504        $    (55)     $     454          $ (366)        $     6      $      59        $ 2,602


                                                                                                      Recognized in
                                                            Balance,                 Recognized              Other                                      Balance,
                                                          January 1,                  in Income      Comprehensive    Recognized    Translation     December 31,
As at December 31, 2018                                        2018      Disposals    Statement            Income       in Equity    and Other             2018
Loss carry forwards                                       $      596     $      –      $      387         $      –       $     7      $       29       $ 1,019
Actuarial liabilities                                          7,878            –          (2,697)               –             3            282           5,466
Pensions and post-employment benefits                            208            –              27                7             –               –            242
Tax credits                                                      454            –            (224)               –             –              31            261
Accrued interest                                                    1           –               –                –             –               –               1
Real estate                                                   (1,062)           –             150               (1)            –             (46)          (959)
Securities and other investments                              (3,807)           –           1,234             136              1           (253)         (2,689)
Sale of investments                                             (105)           –              18                –             –               –             (87)
Goodwill and intangible assets                                  (825)           –              18                –             –             (40)          (847)
Other                                                             (50)          –             157                6            (4)            (12)             97
Total                                                     $ 3,288        $      –      $ (930)            $   148        $     7      $       (9)      $ 2,504

The total deferred tax assets as at December 31, 2019 of $4,574 (2018 – $4,318) include $98 (2018 – $3,508) where the Company
has suffered losses in either the current or preceding year and where the recognition is dependent on future taxable profits in the
relevant jurisdictions and feasible management actions.

                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report                   163
As at December 31, 2019, tax loss carryforwards available were approximately $3,440 (2018 – $4,838) of which $3,293 expire
between the years 2022 and 2039 while $147 have no expiry date, and capital loss carryforwards available were approximately $31
(2018 – $20) and have no expiry date. A $705 (2018 – $1,019) tax benefit related to these tax loss carryforwards has been recognized
as a deferred tax asset as at December 31, 2019, and a benefit of $93 (2018 – $121) has not been recognized. In addition, the
Company has approximately $157 (2018 – $426) of tax credit carryforwards which will expire between the years 2027 and 2029 of
which a benefit of $157 (2018 – $165) has not been recognized.
The total deferred tax liability as at December 31, 2019 was $1,972 (2018 – $1,814). This amount includes the deferred tax liability of
consolidated entities. The aggregate amount of taxable temporary differences associated with the Company’s own investments in
subsidiaries is not included in the Consolidated Financial Statements and was $19,623 (2018 – $16,570).

Note 17         Interests in Structured Entities
The Company is involved with both consolidated and unconsolidated structured entities (“SEs”) which are established to generate
investment and fee income. The Company is also involved with SEs that are used to facilitate financing for the Company. These
entities may have some or all the following features: control is not readily identified based on voting rights; restricted activities
designed to achieve a narrow objective; high amount of leverage; and/or highly structured capital.
The Company only discloses its involvement in significant consolidated and unconsolidated SEs. In assessing the significance, the
Company considers the nature of its involvement with the SE, including whether it is sponsored by the Company (i.e. initially
organized and managed by the Company). Other factors considered include the Company’s investment in the SE as compared to total
investments, its returns from the SE as compared to total net investment income, the SE’s size as compared to total funds under
management, and its exposure to any other risks from its involvement with the SE.
The Company does not provide financial or other support to its SEs, when it does not have a contractual obligation to do so.

(a) Consolidated SEs
Investment SEs
The Company acts as an investment manager of timberlands and timber companies. The Company’s general fund and segregated
funds invest in many of these companies. The Company has control over one timberland company which it manages, Hancock
Victoria Plantations Holdings PTY Limited (“HVPH”). HVPH is a SE primarily because the Company’s employees exercise voting rights
over it on behalf of other investors. As at December 31, 2019, the Company’s consolidated timber assets relating to HVPH were $936
(2018 – $920). The Company does not provide guarantees to other parties against the risk of loss from HVPH.
Financing SEs
The Company securitizes certain insured and variable rate commercial and residential mortgages and HELOC. This activity is facilitated
by consolidated entities that are SEs because their operations are limited to issuing and servicing the Company’s funding. Further
information regarding the Company’s mortgage securitization program is included in note 3.

(b) Unconsolidated SEs
Investment SEs
The following table presents the Company’s investments and maximum exposure to loss from significant unconsolidated investment
SEs, some of which are sponsored by the Company. The Company does not provide guarantees to other parties against the risk of loss
from these SEs.
                                                                                                                                                   Company’s maximum
                                                                                                               Company’s investment(1)                exposure to loss(2)

As at December 31,                                                                                                2019            2018               2019          2018
Leveraged leases(3)                                                                                           $ 3,371         $ 3,575           $ 3,371        $ 3,575
Timberland companies(4)                                                                                           752             788               765            821
Real estate companies(5)                                                                                          541             413               541            413
Total                                                                                                         $ 4,664         $ 4,776           $ 4,677        $ 4,809
(1) The Company’s investments in these unconsolidated SEs are included in invested assets and the Company’s returns from them are included in net investment income and

  AOCI.
(2) The Company’s maximum exposure to loss from each SE is limited to amounts invested in each, plus unfunded capital commitments, if any. The Company’s investment

    commitments are disclosed in note 18. The maximum loss is expected to occur only upon the entity’s bankruptcy/liquidation, or in case a natural disaster in the case of
    the timber companies.
(3) These entities are statutory business trusts which use capital provided by the Company and senior debt provided by other parties to finance the acquisition of assets.

    These assets are leased to third-party lessees under long-term leases. The Company owns equity capital in these business trusts. The Company does not consolidate any of
    the trusts that are party to the lease arrangements because the Company does not have decision-making power over them.
(4) These entities own and operate timberlands. The Company invests in their equity and debt. The Company’s returns include investment income, investment advisory fees,

    forestry management fees and performance advisory fees. The Company does not control these entities because it either does not have the power to govern their
    financial and operating policies or does not have significant variable returns from them, or both.
(5) These entities, which include the Manulife U.S. REIT, own and manage commercial real estate. The Company invests in their equity. The Company’s returns include

    investment income, investment management fees, property management fees, acquisition/disposition fees, and leasing fees. The Company does not control these entities
    because it either does not have the power to govern their financial and operating policies or does not have significant variable returns from them, or both.

164       Manulife Financial Corporation       | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Financing SEs
The Company’s interests and maximum exposure to loss from significant unconsolidated financing SEs are as follows.

                                                                                                                                                   Company’s interests(1)
As at December 31,                                                                                                                                   2019             2018
Manulife Finance (Delaware), L.P.(2)                                                                                                           $      852        $     821
Manulife Financial Capital Trust II(3)                                                                                                                  1              999
Total                                                                                                                                          $      853        $ 1,820
(1) The Company’s interests include amounts borrowed from the SEs and the Company’s investment in their subordinated capital, and foreign currency and interest swaps

  with them, if any.
(2) This entity is a wholly-owned partnership used to facilitate the Company’s financing. Refer to notes 10 and 18.
(3) This entity is an open-ended trust that was used to facilitate the Company’s financing. The Company redeemed all of its outstanding $1 billion principal amount of MFCT

  II Senior debenture notes, at par, on December 30, 2019. Using these proceeds, the trust redeemed MFCT II Series 1 held by 3rd parties, at par, on December 31, 2019.
  Refer to note 10.


(i) Other invested assets
The Company has investment relationships with a variety of other entities, which result from its direct investment in their debt and/or
equity and which have been assessed for control. These other entities’ investments include but are not limited to investments in power
and infrastructure, oil and gas, private equity, real estate and agriculture, organized as limited partnerships and limited liability
companies. Most of these other entities are not sponsored by the Company. The Company’s involvement with these other entities is
not individually significant. As such, the Company neither provides summary financial data for these entities nor individually assesses
whether they are SEs. The Company’s maximum exposure to losses because of its involvement with these other entities is limited to its
investment in them and amounts committed to be invested but not yet funded. The Company records its income from these entities
in net investment income and AOCI. The Company does not provide guarantees to other parties against the risk of loss from these
other entities.

(ii) Interest in securitized assets
The Company invests in mortgage/asset-backed securities issued by securitization vehicles sponsored by other parties, including private
issuers and government sponsored issuers, to generate investment income. The Company does not own a controlling financial interest
in any of the issuers. These securitization vehicles are SEs based on their narrow scope of activities and highly leveraged capital
structures. Investments in mortgage/asset-backed securities are reported on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as debt
securities and private placements, and their fair value and carrying value are disclosed in note 3. The Company’s maximum loss from
these investments is limited to amounts invested.
Commercial mortgage-backed securities (“CMBS”) are secured by commercial mortgages and residential mortgage-backed securities
(“RMBS”) are secured by residential mortgages. Asset-backed securities (“ABS”) may be secured by various underlying assets including
credit card receivables, automobile loans and aviation leases. The mortgage/asset-backed securities that the Company invests in
primarily originate in North America.
The following table presents investments in securitized holdings by the type and asset quality.

                                                                                                                               2019                                  2018
As at December 31,                                                                                   CMBS             RMBS             ABS             Total          Total
AAA                                                                                             $    1,580            $   7       $   1,218     $ 2,805          $ 2,471
AA                                                                                                       –                –             648         648              306
A                                                                                                       69                7             296         372              453
BBB                                                                                                      –                –              63          63               70
Total company exposure                                                                          $    1,649            $   14      $   2,225     $ 3,888          $ 3,300


(iii) Mutual funds
The Company sponsors and may invest in a range of public mutual funds with a broad range of investment styles. As sponsor, the
Company organizes mutual funds that implement investment strategies on behalf of current and future investors. The Company earns
fees which are at market rates for providing advisory and administrative services to these mutual funds. Generally, the Company does
not control its sponsored mutual funds because either the Company does not have power to govern their financial and operating
policies, or its returns in the form of fees and ownership interests are not significant, or both. Certain mutual funds are SEs because
their decision-making rights are not vested in voting equity interests and their investors are provided with redemption rights.
The Company’s relationships with these mutual funds are not individually significant. As such, the Company neither provides summary
financial data for these mutual funds nor individually assesses whether they are SEs. The Company’s interest in mutual funds is limited
to its investment and fees earned, if any. The Company’s investments in mutual funds are recorded as part of its investment in public
equities within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. For information regarding the Company’s invested assets, refer to
note 3. The Company does not provide guarantees to other parties against the risk of loss from these mutual funds.
As sponsor, the Company’s investment in startup capital of mutual funds as at December 31, 2019 was $1,576 (2018 – $1,711). The
Company’s retail mutual fund assets under management as at December 31, 2019 were $217,015 (2018 – $188,729).

                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements           | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report                      165
Note 18      Commitments and Contingencies
(a) Legal proceedings
The Company is regularly involved in legal actions, both as a defendant and as a plaintiff. The legal actions where the Company is a
party ordinarily relate to its activities as a provider of insurance protection or wealth management products, reinsurance, or in its
capacity as an investment adviser, employer, or taxpayer. Other life insurers and asset managers, operating in the jurisdictions in which
the Company does business, have been subject to a wide variety of other types of actions, some of which resulted in substantial
judgments or settlements against the defendants; it is possible that the Company may become involved in similar actions in the future.
In addition, government and regulatory bodies in Canada, the United States, Asia and other jurisdictions where the Company
conducts business regularly make inquiries and, from time to time, require the production of information or conduct examinations
concerning the Company’s compliance with, among other things, insurance laws, securities laws, and laws governing the activities of
broker-dealers.
In June 2018, a class action was initiated against John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.) (“JHUSA”) and John Hancock Life
Insurance Company of New York (“JHNY”) in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of owners of
approximately 1,500 Performance Universal Life policies issued between 2003 and 2009 whose policies were subject to a Cost of
Insurance (“COI”) increase announced in 2018. In October 2018, a second and almost identical class action was initiated against
JHUSA and JHNY in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of NY. The two cases were determined to be related, and they
were assigned to the same judge. Discovery has commenced in these cases. No hearings on substantive matters have been scheduled.
It is too early to assess the range of potential outcomes for these two related lawsuits. In addition to the consolidated class action,
there are six non-class lawsuits opposing the Performance UL COI increases that also have been filed. Each of the lawsuits, except one,
is brought by plaintiffs owning multiple policies and by entities managing them for investment purposes. Two of the non-class
lawsuits are pending in New York state court; two of the lawsuits are pending in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of
New York; and the last two lawsuits are pending in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California. Whether individually or
on a combined basis, it remains premature, given the procedural status of these cases, as well as the relatively early development of
parties’ respective legal theories, to provide a reliable estimate of potential outcomes.

(b) Investment commitments
In the normal course of business, various investment commitments are outstanding which are not reflected in the Consolidated
Financial Statements. There were $8,682 (2018 – $10,372) of outstanding investment commitments as at December 31, 2019, of
which $411 (2018 – $888) mature in 30 days, $2,507 (2018 – $3,546) mature in 31 to 365 days and $5,764 (2018 – $5,938) mature
after one year.

(c) Letters of credit
In the normal course of business, third-party relationship banks issue letters of credit on the Company’s behalf. The Company’s
businesses utilize letters of credit for which third parties are the beneficiaries, as well as for affiliate reinsurance transactions between
its subsidiaries. As at December 31, 2019, letters of credit for which third parties are beneficiary, in the amount of $57 (2018 – $74),
were outstanding.

(d) Guarantees
(i) Guarantees regarding Manulife Finance (Delaware), L.P. (“MFLP”)
MFC has guaranteed the payment of amounts on the $650 subordinated debentures due on December 15, 2041 issued by MFLP, a
wholly-owned unconsolidated partnership.

(ii) Guarantees regarding The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company
On January 29, 2007, MFC provided a subordinated guarantee, as amended and restated on January 13, 2017, of Class A Shares and
Class B Shares of MLI and any other class of preferred shares that rank in parity with Class A Shares or Class B Shares of MLI. MFC has
also provided a subordinated guarantee on the day of issuance for the following subordinated debentures issued by MLI: $500 issued
on December 1, 2014; $750 issued on March 10, 2015; $350 issued on June 1, 2015; and $1,000 issued on November 20, 2015.




166     Manulife Financial Corporation   | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The following table sets forth certain condensed consolidated financial information for MFC and MFLP.

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income Information

                                                                                          Other
                                                                                  subsidiaries of                           Total
                                                          MFC              MLI        MFC on a      Consolidation   consolidated
For the year ended December 31, 2019                (Guarantor)   consolidated   combined basis      adjustments       amounts                 MFLP
Total revenue                                       $      371    $   79,711           $    417      $      (929)   $   79,570            $     32
Net income (loss) attributed to shareholders             5,602         5,963               (401)          (5,562)        5,602                  (1)

                                                                                          Other
                                                                                  subsidiaries of                           Total
                                                          MFC              MLI        MFC on a      Consolidation   consolidated
For the year ended December 31, 2018                (Guarantor)   consolidated   combined basis      adjustments       amounts                 MFLP
Total revenue                                       $      443    $   38,994           $    434      $      (899)   $   38,972            $     62
Net income (loss) attributed to shareholders             4,800         5,076               (419)          (4,657)        4,800                  22


Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
                                                                                          Other
                                                                                  subsidiaries of                           Total
                                                          MFC              MLI        MFC on a      Consolidation   consolidated
As at December 31, 2019                             (Guarantor)   consolidated   combined basis      adjustments       amounts                 MFLP
Invested assets                                     $       21    $ 378,496            $     10      $         –    $ 378,527             $       6
Total other assets                                      57,474       87,774                   3          (57,756)      87,495                 1,088
Segregated funds net assets                                  –      343,108                   –                –      343,108                     –
Insurance contract liabilities                               –      351,161                   –                –      351,161                     –
Investment contract liabilities                              –        3,104                   –                –        3,104                     –
Segregated funds net liabilities                             –      343,108                   –                –      343,108                     –
Total other liabilities                                  8,357       53,998                   –             (704)      61,651                   858

                                                                                          Other
                                                                                  subsidiaries of                           Total
                                                          MFC              MLI        MFC on a      Consolidation   consolidated
As at December 31, 2018                             (Guarantor)   consolidated   combined basis      adjustments       amounts                 MFLP
Invested assets                                     $       21    $ 353,632            $     11      $         –    $ 353,664         $          11
Total other assets                                      54,346       83,523                   3          (54,474)      83,398                 1,059
Segregated funds net assets                                  –      313,209                   –                –      313,209                     –
Insurance contract liabilities                               –      328,654                   –                –      328,654                     –
Investment contract liabilities                              –        3,265                   –                –        3,265                     –
Segregated funds net liabilities                             –      313,209                   –                –      313,209                     –
Total other liabilities                                  8,403       50,043                   –             (454)      57,992                   833


(iii) Guarantees regarding John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.) (“JHUSA”)
Details of guarantees regarding certain securities issued or to be issued by JHUSA are outlined in note 23.

(e) Pledged assets
In the normal course of business, the Company pledges its assets in respect of liabilities incurred, strictly for providing collateral to the
counterparty. In the event of the Company’s default, the counterparty is entitled to apply the collateral to settle the liability. The
pledged assets are returned to the Company if the underlying transaction is terminated or, in the case of derivatives, if there is a
decrease in the net exposure due to market value changes.




                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report        167
The amounts pledged are as follows.

                                                                                               2019                          2018
As at December 31,                                                                  Debt securities       Other   Debt securities    Other
In respect of:
    Derivatives                                                                          $ 4,257      $     17         $ 3,655      $ 102
    Regulatory requirements                                                                  433            67             412         84
    Repurchase agreements                                                                    330             –              64          –
    Non-registered retirement plans in trust                                                   –           407               –        420
    Other                                                                                      3           331               3        301
Total                                                                                    $ 5,023      $ 822            $ 4,134      $ 907


(f) Lease obligations
The Company has a number of lease obligations, primarily for the use of office space. The aggregate future minimum lease payments
under non-cancelable leases are $374 (2018 – $575). Payments by year are included in the “Risk Management” section of the
Company’s 2019 MD&A under Liquidity Risk.

(g) Participating business
In some territories where the Company maintains participating accounts, there are regulatory restrictions on the amounts of profit
that can be transferred to shareholders. Where applicable, these restrictions generally take the form of a fixed percentage of
policyholder dividends. For participating businesses operating as separate “closed blocks”, transfers are governed by the terms of
MLI’s and John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company’s plans of demutualization.

(h) Fixed surplus notes
A third party contractually provides standby financing arrangements for the Company’s U.S. operations under which, in certain
circumstances, funds may be provided in exchange for the issuance of fixed surplus notes. As at December 31, 2019, the Company
had no fixed surplus notes outstanding.

Note 19       Segmented Information
The Company’s reporting segments are Asia, Canada, U.S., Global WAM and Corporate and Other. Each reporting segment is
responsible for managing its operating results, developing products, defining strategies for services and distribution based on the
profile and needs of its business and market. The Company’s significant product and service offerings by the reporting segments are
mentioned below.
Wealth and asset management businesses (Global WAM) – include mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, group retirement
and savings products, and institutional asset management services across all major asset classes. These products and services are
distributed through multiple distribution channels, including agents and brokers affiliated with the Company, independent securities
brokerage firms and financial advisors pension plan consultants and banks.
Insurance and annuity products (Asia, Canada and U.S.) – includes a variety of individual life insurance, individual and group
long-term care insurance and guaranteed and partially guaranteed annuity products. Products are distributed through multiple
distribution channels, including insurance agents, brokers, banks, financial planners and direct marketing. Manulife Bank of Canada
offers a variety of deposit and credit products to Canadian customers.
Corporate and Other Segment – comprised of investment performance on assets backing capital, net of amounts allocated to
operating segments; costs incurred by the corporate office related to shareholder activities (not allocated to operating segments);
financing costs; Property and Casualty (“P&C”) Reinsurance Business; and run-off reinsurance operations including variable annuities
and accident and health.

Reporting segments
Effective January 1, 2019, the Company updated its methodology for allocating capital and the related earnings to each reporting
segment from the Corporate and Other segment.




168      Manulife Financial Corporation    | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The following table presents results by reporting segments.

As at and for the year ended                                                                                                          Corporate
December 31, 2019                                                       Asia          Canada                U.S.        Global WAM    and Other           Total
Revenue
Life and health insurance                                      $    17,107        $    8,714        $     6,522         $        –    $     112     $   32,455
Annuities and pensions                                               2,900               361               (138)                 –            –          3,123
Net premium income                                                  20,007             9,075             6,384                  –           112         35,578
Net investment income (loss)                                         7,451             9,446            15,556                 33         1,107         33,593
Other revenue                                                        1,215             1,088             2,654              5,562          (120)        10,399
Total revenue                                                       28,673            19,609            24,594              5,595         1,099         79,570
Contract benefits and expenses
Life and health insurance                                           17,975            10,572            19,320                  –            (36)       47,831
Annuities and pensions                                               3,090             4,312               599                 83              –         8,084
Net benefits and claims                                             21,065            14,884            19,919                 83           (36)        55,915
Interest expense                                                       236               508                43                  6           526          1,319
Other expenses                                                       5,148             3,237             2,944              4,362           425         16,116
Total contract benefits and expenses                                26,449            18,629            22,906              4,451           915         73,350
Income (loss) before income taxes                                    2,224                980             1,688             1,144           184          6,220
Income tax recovery (expense)                                         (277)                25              (260)             (122)          (84)          (718)
Net income (loss)                                                    1,947             1,005              1,428             1,022           100          5,502
Less net income (loss) attributed to:
   Non-controlling interests                                            228                 –                  –                 –             5           233
   Participating policyholders                                         (216)             (117)                 –                 –             –          (333)
Net income (loss) attributed to shareholders                   $     1,935        $    1,122        $     1,428         $   1,022     $      95     $    5,602
Total assets                                                   $ 127,367          $ 159,042         $ 274,993           $ 216,348     $ 31,380      $ 809,130


As at and for the year ended                                                                                                          Corporate
December 31, 2018                                                       Asia          Canada                U.S.        Global WAM    and Other           Total
Revenue
Life and health insurance                                      $    14,938        $    8,975        $     6,341         $        –    $      98     $   30,352
Annuities and pensions(1)                                            3,175               452             (9,967)                 –            –          (6,340)
Net premium income                                                  18,113             9,427             (3,626)                 –           98         24,012
Net investment income (loss)                                           301             2,725              1,670                 (9)        (155)         4,532
Other revenue                                                        1,296             1,446              2,542             5,472          (328)        10,428
Total revenue                                                       19,710            13,598                586             5,463          (385)        38,972
Contract benefits and expenses
Life and health insurance                                           10,875             8,044              4,255                 –            (37)       23,137
Annuities and pensions                                               1,986               518             (9,784)               77              –         (7,203)
Net benefits and claims                                             12,861             8,562             (5,529)               77            (37)       15,934
Interest expense                                                       187               447                 56                 2           583          1,275
Other expenses                                                       4,749             3,063              3,428             4,322           682         16,244
Total contract benefits and expenses                                17,797            12,072             (2,045)            4,401         1,228         33,453
Income (loss) before income taxes                                    1,913             1,526              2,631             1,062         (1,613)        5,519
Income tax recovery (expense)                                         (361)             (311)              (340)             (108)           488          (632)
Net income (loss)                                                    1,552             1,215              2,291               954         (1,125)        4,887
Less net income (loss) attributed to:
   Non-controlling interests                                            208                 –                  –                 –             6           214
   Participating policyholders                                         (360)              233                  –                 –             –          (127)
Net income (loss) attributed to shareholders                   $     1,704        $       982       $     2,291         $     954     $ (1,131)     $    4,800
Total assets                                                   $ 113,781          $ 149,219         $ 270,601           $ 194,214     $ 22,456      $ 750,271
(1) In 2018, the Company ceded premiums to RGA and Jackson for the JHNY transactions, refer to note 6(k) for details.




Geographical location
The results of the Company’s reporting segments differ from its geographical location primarily due to the allocation of Global WAM
and Corporate and Other segments into the geographical location to which its businesses relate.




                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements           | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report         169
The following table presents results by geographical location.
For the year ended
December 31, 2019                                                                    Asia            Canada            U.S.           Other          Total
Revenue
Life and health insurance                                                       $ 17,178        $     8,388       $ 6,523         $ 366       $ 32,455
Annuities and pensions                                                             2,900                361          (138)            –          3,123
Net premium income                                                                20,078              8,749         6,385              366      35,578
Net investment income (loss)                                                       7,750              9,801        15,816              226      33,593
Other revenue                                                                      2,100              2,651         5,641                7      10,399
Total revenue                                                                   $ 29,928        $ 21,201          $27,842         $ 599       $ 79,570

For the year ended
December 31, 2018                                                                    Asia            Canada            U.S.           Other          Total
Revenue
Life and health insurance                                                       $ 15,010        $     8,561       $ 6,342         $ 439       $ 30,352
Annuities and pensions                                                             3,175                452         (9,967)           –          (6,340)
Net premium income                                                                18,185              9,013         (3,625)            439      24,012
Net investment income (loss)                                                         371              2,933          1,032             196       4,532
Other revenue                                                                      2,115              2,904          5,395              14      10,428
Total revenue                                                                   $ 20,671        $ 14,850          $ 2,802         $ 649       $ 38,972



Note 20        Related Parties
The Company enters into transactions with related parties in the normal course of business and at the terms that would exist in
arm’s-length transactions.


(a) Transactions with certain related parties
Transactions with MFLP, a wholly owned unconsolidated partnership, and MFCT, a wholly owned unconsolidated trust, are described
in notes 10, 17 and 18. Refer to note 3(a) for additional transactions with related parties.


(b) Compensation of key management personnel
The Company’s key management personnel are those personnel who have the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and
controlling the activities of the Company. Directors (both executive and non-executive) and senior management are considered key
personnel. A summary of compensation of key management personnel is as follows.

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                                      2019           2018
Short-term employee benefits                                                                                                      $    67        $    65
Post-employment benefits                                                                                                                5              5
Share-based payments                                                                                                                   55             50
Termination benefits                                                                                                                    8              5
Other long-term benefits                                                                                                                2              2
Total                                                                                                                             $ 137          $ 127



Note 21        Subsidiaries
The following is a list of Manulife’s directly and indirectly held major operating subsidiaries.

As at December 31, 2019
(100% owned unless otherwise noted in brackets
beside company name)                                  Equity Interest         Address               Description

  The Manufacturers Life Insurance                       $56,795          Toronto, Canada           Leading Canadian-based financial services company
    Company                                                                                         that offers a diverse range of financial protection
                                                                                                    products and wealth management services
      Manulife Holdings (Alberta) Limited                $21,673          Calgary, Canada           Holding company
        John Hancock Financial Corporation                                    Boston,               Holding company
                                                                        Massachusetts, U.S.A.
          The Manufacturers Investment                                        Boston,               Holding company
            Corporation                                                 Massachusetts, U.S.A.
               John Hancock Reassurance                                       Boston,               Captive insurance subsidiary that provides life,
                 Company Ltd.                                           Massachusetts, U.S.A.       annuity and long-term care reinsurance to affiliates

170       Manulife Financial Corporation    | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
As at December 31, 2019
(100% owned unless otherwise noted in
brackets beside company name)                         Equity Interest          Address           Description

             John Hancock Life Insurance                                      Boston,            U.S. life insurance company licensed in all states,
               Company (U.S.A.)                                         Massachusetts, U.S.A.    except New York
               John Hancock Subsidiaries LLC                                  Boston,            Holding company
                                                                        Massachusetts, U.S.A.
                  John Hancock Financial                                      Boston,            Financial services distribution organization
                    Network, Inc.                                       Massachusetts, U.S.A.
                  John Hancock Investment                                     Boston,            Investment advisor
                    Management LLC                                      Massachusetts, U.S.A.
                       John Hancock Investment                                Boston,            Broker-dealer
                         Management Distributors LLC                    Massachusetts, U.S.A.
                  Manulife Investment                                         Boston,            Investment advisor
                   Management (US) LLC                                  Massachusetts, U.S.A.
                  Hancock Natural Resource                                    Boston,            Manager of globally diversified timberland and
                    Group, Inc.                                         Massachusetts, U.S.A.    agricultural portfolios
               John Hancock Life Insurance                                New York, U.S.A.       U.S. life insurance company licensed in New York
                 Company of New York
               John Hancock Variable Trust                                    Boston,            Investment advisor for open-end mutual funds
                 Advisers LLC                                           Massachusetts, U.S.A.
               John Hancock Life & Health                                     Boston,            U.S. life insurance company licensed in all states
                 Insurance Company                                      Massachusetts, U.S.A.
               John Hancock Distributors LLC                                  Boston,            Broker-dealer
                                                                        Massachusetts, U.S.A.
             John Hancock Insurance Agency,                                   Boston,            Insurance agency
               Inc.                                                     Massachusetts, U.S.A.
             Manulife Reinsurance Limited                                Hamilton, Bermuda       Provides life and financial reinsurance to affiliates
               Manulife Reinsurance                                      Hamilton, Bermuda       Provides life and annuity reinsurance to affiliates
                 (Bermuda) Limited
    Manulife Bank of Canada                              $1,570           Waterloo, Canada       Provides integrated banking products and service
                                                                                                 options not available from an insurance company
    Manulife Investment Management                        $935            Toronto, Canada        Holding company
       Holdings (Canada) Limited
          Manulife Investment Management                                  Toronto, Canada        Provides investment counseling, portfolio and
            Limited                                                                              mutual fund management in Canada
    First North American Insurance Company                 $7             Toronto, Canada        Property and casualty insurance company
    NAL Resources Management Limited                       $8              Calgary, Canada       Management company for oil and gas properties
    Manulife Resources Limited                            $19              Calgary, Canada       Holds oil and gas properties
    Manulife Property Limited Partnership                  $4             Toronto, Canada        Holds oil and gas royalties
    Manulife Property Limited Partnership II              $835            Toronto, Canada        Holds oil and gas royalties and foreign bonds and
                                                                                                 equities
     Manulife Western Holdings Limited                                     Calgary, Canada       Holds oil and gas properties
        Partnership
    Manulife Securities Investment Services               $72             Oakville, Canada       Mutual fund dealer for Canadian operations
     Inc.
    Manulife Holdings (Bermuda) Limited                 $17,597          Hamilton, Bermuda       Holding company
      Manufacturers P&C Limited                                         St. Michael, Barbados    Provides property and casualty reinsurance
      Manulife Financial Asia Limited                                     Hong Kong, China       Holding company
        Manulife (Cambodia) PLC                                             Phnom Penh,          Life insurance company
                                                                             Cambodia
        Manufacturers Life Reinsurance                                  St. Michael, Barbados    Provides life and annuity reinsurance to affiliates
         Limited
        Manulife (Vietnam) Limited                                        Ho Chi Minh City,      Life insurance company
                                                                              Vietnam
           Manulife Investment Fund                                       Ho Chi Minh City,      Fund management company
            Management (Vietnam) Company Limited                              Vietnam
        Manulife International Holdings                                   Hong Kong, China       Holding company
         Limited




                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report               171
As at December 31, 2019
(100% owned unless otherwise noted in brackets
beside company name)                                       Equity Interest              Address             Description
             Manulife (International) Limited                                     Hong Kong, China          Life insurance company
               Manulife-Sinochem Life Insurance                                    Shanghai, China          Life insurance company
                Co. Ltd. (51%)
             Manulife Investment Management                                       Hong Kong, China          Holding company
              International Holdings Limited
               Manulife Investment Management                                     Hong Kong, China          Investment management and advisory company
                (Hong Kong) Limited                                                                         marketing mutual funds
                    Manulife Investment                                         Taipei, Taiwan (China)      Asset management company
                     Management (Taiwan) Co., Ltd.
          Manulife Life Insurance Company                                            Tokyo, Japan           Life insurance company
           (Japan)
             Manulife Asset Management (Japan)                                       Tokyo, Japan           Investment management and advisory company and
              Limited                                                                                       mutual fund business
          Manulife Insurance (Thailand) Public                                    Bangkok, Thailand         Life insurance company
           Company Limited (85.6%)(1)
             Manulife Asset Management                                            Bangkok, Thailand         Investment management company
              (Thailand) Company Limited (93.0%)(1)
          Manulife Holdings Berhad (59.5%)                                          Kuala Lumpur,           Holding company
                                                                                      Malaysia
             Manulife Insurance Berhad (59.5%)                                      Kuala Lumpur,           Life insurance company
                                                                                      Malaysia
             Manulife Investment Management                                         Kuala Lumpur,           Asset management company
              (Malaysia) Bhd (59.5%)                                                  Malaysia
          Manulife (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.                                               Singapore            Life insurance company
          Manulife Investment Management                                               Singapore            Asset management company
           (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
          The Manufacturers Life Insurance Co.                                        Makati City,          Life insurance company
            (Phils.), Inc.                                                            Philippines
             Manulife Chinabank Life Assurance                                        Makati City,          Life insurance company
              Corporation (60%)                                                       Philippines
      PT Asuransi Jiwa Manulife Indonesia                       $812               Jakarta, Indonesia       Life insurance company
        PT Manulife Aset Manajemen Indonesia                                       Jakarta, Indonesia       Investment management and investment advisor
      Manulife Investment Management (Europe)                   $25                London, England          Investment management company for Manulife
       Limited                                                                                              Financial’s international funds
      Manulife Assurance Company of Canada                      $68                Toronto, Canada          Life insurance company
      EIS Services (Bermuda) Limited                            $980              Hamilton, Bermuda         Investment holding company
      Berkshire Insurance Services Inc.                        $1,637              Toronto, Canada          Investment holding company
        JH Investments (Delaware), LLC                                                Boston,               Investment holding company
                                                                                Massachusetts, U.S.A.
      Manulife Securities Incorporated                          $117               Oakville, Canada         Investment dealer
      Manulife Investment Management (North                      $4                Toronto, Canada          Investment advisor
       America) Limited
(1) MFC voting rights percentages are the same as the ownership percentages except for Manulife Insurance (Thailand) Public Company Limited and Manulife Asset

  Management (Thailand) Company Limited where MFC’s voting rights are 97.0% and 98.5%, respectively.


Note 22         Segregated Funds
The Company manages segregated funds on behalf of policyholders. Policyholders are provided with the opportunity to invest in
different categories of segregated funds that respectively hold a range of underlying investments. The Company retains legal title to
the underlying investments; however, returns from these investments belong to the policyholders. Accordingly, the Company does not
bear the risk associated with these assets outside of guarantees offered on certain variable life and annuity products. The “Risk
Management” section of the Company’s 2019 MD&A provides information regarding the variable annuity and segregated fund
guarantees.




172       Manulife Financial Corporation      | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The composition of net assets by categories of segregated funds was within the following ranges for the years ended December 31,
2019 and 2018.

                                                                                                                          Ranges in per cent
Type of fund                                                                                                               2019                  2018
Money market funds                                                                                                 2% to 3%            2% to 3%
Fixed income funds                                                                                               14% to 15%          14% to 15%
Balanced funds                                                                                                   24% to 25%          25% to 26%
Equity funds                                                                                                     58% to 60%          58% to 60%

Money market funds consist of investments that have a term to maturity of less than one year. Fixed income funds primarily consist of
investments in fixed grade income securities and may contain smaller investments in diversified equities or high-yield bonds. Relative
to fixed income funds, balanced funds consist of fixed income securities and a larger equity investment component. The types of
equity funds available to policyholders range from low volatility equity funds to aggressive equity funds. Equity funds invest in a
varying mix of Canadian, U.S. and global equities.
The underlying investments of the segregated funds consist of both individual securities and mutual funds (collectively “net assets”),
some of which may be structured entities. The carrying value and change in segregated funds net assets are as follows. Fair value
related information of segregated funds is disclosed in note 3(g).

Segregated funds net assets

As at December 31,                                                                                                            2019               2018
Investments at market value
   Cash and short-term securities                                                                                     $     3,364       $     3,700
   Debt securities                                                                                                         16,883            15,313
   Equities                                                                                                                12,989            11,661
   Mutual funds                                                                                                           304,753           277,133
   Other investments                                                                                                        4,785             4,678
Accrued investment income                                                                                                   1,678             1,811
Other assets and liabilities, net                                                                                            (975)             (700)
Total segregated funds net assets                                                                                     $ 343,477         $ 313,596
Composition of segregated funds net assets
Held by policyholders                                                                                                 $ 343,108         $ 313,209
Held by the Company                                                                                                         369               387
Total segregated funds net assets                                                                                     $ 343,477         $ 313,596


Changes in segregated funds net assets

For the years ended December 31,                                                                                              2019               2018
Net policyholder cash flow
Deposits from policyholders                                                                                           $    38,561       $    38,236
Net transfers to general fund                                                                                              (1,000)            (1,089)
Payments to policyholders                                                                                                 (49,372)          (47,475)
                                                                                                                          (11,811)          (10,328)
Investment related
Interest and dividends                                                                                                     18,872            19,535
Net realized and unrealized investment gains (losses)                                                                      37,643           (34,683)
                                                                                                                           56,515           (15,148)
Other
Management and administration fees                                                                                         (3,926)              (3,985)
Impact of changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                               (10,897)             18,249
                                                                                                                          (14,823)             14,264
Net additions (deductions)                                                                                                 29,881            (11,212)
Segregated funds net assets, beginning of year                                                                            313,596           324,808
Segregated funds net assets, end of year                                                                              $ 343,477         $ 313,596

Segregated funds assets may be exposed to a variety of financial and other risks. These risks are primarily mitigated by investment
guidelines that are actively monitored by professional and experienced portfolio advisors. The Company is not exposed to these risks
beyond the liabilities related to guarantees associated with certain variable life and annuity products. Accordingly, the Company’s
exposure to loss from segregated fund products is limited to the value of these guarantees.



                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report            173
These guarantees are recorded within the Company’s insurance contract liabilities. Assets supporting these guarantees are recognized
in invested assets according to their investment type.

Note 23 Information Provided in Connection with Investments in Deferred Annuity Contracts and
SignatureNotes Issued or Assumed by John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.)
The following condensed consolidated financial information, presented in accordance with IFRS, and the related disclosure have been
included in these Consolidated Financial Statements with respect to JHUSA in compliance with Regulation S-X and Rule 12h-5 of the
United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”). These financial statements are incorporated by reference in
the MFC and its subsidiaries registration statements that are described below and which relate to MFC’s guarantee of certain
securities to be issued by its subsidiaries.
JHUSA maintains a book of deferred annuity contracts that feature a market value adjustment, some of which are registered with the
Commission. The deferred annuity contracts may contain variable investment options along with fixed investment period options, or
may offer only fixed investment period options. The fixed investment period options enable the participant to invest fixed amounts of
money for fixed terms at fixed interest rates, subject to a market value adjustment if the participant desires to terminate a fixed
investment period before its maturity date. The annuity contract provides for the market value adjustment to keep the parties whole
with respect to the fixed interest bargain for the entire fixed investment period. These fixed investment period options that contain a
market value adjustment feature are referred to as “MVAs”.
JHUSA may also sell medium-term notes to retail investors under its SignatureNotes program.
Effective December 31, 2009, John Hancock Variable Life Insurance Company (the “Variable Company”) and John Hancock Life
Insurance Company (the “Life Company”) merged with and into JHUSA. In connection with the mergers, JHUSA assumed the Variable
Company’s rights and obligations with respect to the MVAs issued by the Variable Company and the Life Company’s rights and
obligations with respect to the SignatureNotes issued by the Life Company.
MFC fully and unconditionally guaranteed the payment of JHUSA’s obligations under the MVAs and under the SignatureNotes
(including the MVAs and SignatureNotes assumed by JHUSA in the merger), and such MVAs and the SignatureNotes were registered
with the Commission. The SignatureNotes and MVAs assumed or issued by JHUSA are collectively referred to in this note as the
“Guaranteed Securities”. JHUSA is, and each of the Variable Company and the Life Company was, a wholly owned subsidiary of MFC.
MFC’s guarantees of the Guaranteed Securities are unsecured obligations of MFC and are subordinated in right of payment to the
prior payment in full of all other obligations of MFC, except for other guarantees or obligations of MFC which by their terms are
designated as ranking equally in right of payment with or subordinate to MFC’s guarantees of the Guaranteed Securities.
The laws of the State of New York govern MFC’s guarantees of the SignatureNotes issued or assumed by JHUSA and the laws of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts govern MFC’s guarantees of the MVAs issued or assumed by JHUSA. MFC has consented to the
jurisdiction of the courts of New York and Massachusetts. However, because a substantial portion of MFC’s assets are located outside
the United States, the assets of MFC located in the United States may not be sufficient to satisfy a judgment given by a federal or
state court in the United States to enforce the subordinate guarantees. In general, the federal laws of Canada and the laws of the
Province of Ontario, where MFC’s principal executive offices are located, permit an action to be brought in Ontario to enforce such a
judgment provided that such judgment is subsisting and unsatisfied for a fixed sum of money and not void or voidable in the United
States and a Canadian court will render a judgment against MFC in a certain dollar amount, expressed in Canadian dollars, subject to
customary qualifications regarding fraud, violations of public policy, laws limiting the enforcement of creditor’s rights and applicable
statutes of limitations on judgments. There is currently no public policy in effect in the Province of Ontario that would support
avoiding the recognition and enforcement in Ontario of a judgment of a New York or Massachusetts court on MFC’s guarantees of
the SignatureNotes issued or assumed by JHUSA or a Massachusetts court on guarantees of the MVAs issued or assumed by JHUSA.
MFC is a holding company. MFC’s assets primarily consist of investments in its subsidiaries. MFC’s cash flows primarily consist of
dividends and interest payments from its operating subsidiaries, offset by expenses and shareholder dividends and MFC stock
repurchases. As a holding company, MFC’s ability to meet its cash requirements, including, but not limited to, paying any amounts
due under its guarantees, substantially depends upon dividends from its operating subsidiaries.
These subsidiaries are subject to certain regulatory restrictions under laws in Canada, the United States and certain other countries,
which may limit their ability to pay dividends or make contributions or loans to MFC. For example, some of MFC’s subsidiaries are
subject to restrictions prescribed by the ICA on their ability to declare and pay dividends. The restrictions related to dividends imposed
by the ICA are described in note 12.
In the United States, insurance laws in Michigan, New York, and Massachusetts, the jurisdictions in which certain of MFC’s U.S.
insurance company subsidiaries are domiciled, impose general limitations on the payment of dividends and other upstream
distributions or loans by these insurance subsidiaries. These limitations are described in note 12.
In Asia, the insurance laws of the jurisdictions in which MFC operates either provide for specific restrictions on the payment of
dividends or other distributions or loans by subsidiaries or impose solvency or other financial tests, which could affect the ability of
subsidiaries to pay dividends in certain circumstances.
There can be no assurance that any current or future regulatory restrictions in Canada, the United States or Asia will not impair MFC’s
ability to meet its cash requirements, including, but not limited to, paying any amounts due under its guarantee.

174     Manulife Financial Corporation   | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The following condensed consolidated financial information, presented in accordance with IFRS, reflects the effects of the mergers
and is provided in compliance with Regulation S-X and in accordance with Rule 12h-5 of the Commission.

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                   MFC          JHUSA           Other      Consolidation   Consolidated
As at December 31, 2019                                                      (Guarantor)        (Issuer)   subsidiaries     adjustments            MFC
Assets
Invested assets                                                               $        21   $ 107,746      $ 271,100       $      (340)    $ 378,527
Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries                                         57,068       7,467         16,983           (81,518)            –
Reinsurance assets                                                                      –      61,310         10,080           (29,944)       41,446
Other assets                                                                          406      20,859         45,111           (20,327)       46,049
Segregated funds net assets                                                             –     181,982        162,845            (1,719)      343,108
Total assets                                                                  $ 57,495      $ 379,364      $ 506,119       $ (133,848)     $ 809,130
Liabilities and equity
Insurance contract liabilities                                                $         –   $ 157,398      $ 224,378 $         (30,615)    $ 351,161
Investment contract liabilities                                                         –       1,091          2,014                (1)        3,104
Other liabilities                                                                     537      21,311         48,226           (20,086)       49,988
Long-term debt                                                                      4,543           –              –                 –         4,543
Capital instruments                                                                 3,277         599          3,244                 –         7,120
Segregated funds net liabilities                                                        –     181,982        162,845            (1,719)      343,108
Shareholders’ equity                                                               49,138      16,983         64,444           (81,427)       49,138
Participating policyholders’ equity                                                     –           –           (243)                –          (243)
Non-controlling interests                                                               –           –          1,211                 –         1,211
Total liabilities and equity                                                  $ 57,495      $ 379,364      $ 506,119       $ (133,848)     $ 809,130


Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

                                                                                    MFC         JHUSA            Other     Consolidation   Consolidated
As at December 31, 2018                                                       (Guarantor)       (Issuer)    subsidiaries    adjustments            MFC
Assets
Invested assets                                                               $        21   $ 105,043      $ 248,962       $       (362)   $ 353,664
Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries                                         54,015       7,356         17,738           (79,109)            –
Reinsurance assets                                                                      –      63,435          9,136           (29,518)       43,053
Other assets                                                                          331      17,025         42,534           (19,545)       40,345
Segregated funds net assets                                                             –     168,476        146,671             (1,938)     313,209
Total assets                                                                  $ 54,367      $ 361,335      $ 465,041       $ (130,472)     $ 750,271
Liabilities and equity
Insurance contract liabilities                                                $         –   $ 155,162      $ 203,682       $   (30,190)    $ 328,654
Investment contract liabilities                                                         –       1,191          2,076                 (2)       3,265
Other liabilities                                                                     275      18,136         45,393           (19,313)       44,491
Long-term debt                                                                      4,769           –              –                  –        4,769
Capital instruments                                                                 3,359         632          4,741                  –        8,732
Segregated funds net liabilities                                                        –     168,476        146,671             (1,938)     313,209
Shareholders’ equity                                                               45,964      17,738         61,291           (79,029)       45,964
Participating policyholders’ equity                                                     –           –             94                  –           94
Non-controlling interests                                                               –           –          1,093                  –        1,093
Total liabilities and equity                                                  $ 54,367      $ 361,335      $ 465,041       $ (130,472)     $ 750,271




                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report             175
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income

                                                                           MFC            JHUSA           Other     Consolidation   Consolidated
For the year ended December 31, 2019                                 (Guarantor)          (Issuer)   subsidiaries    adjustments            MFC
Revenue
   Gross premiums                                                      $       –      $ 8,599         $33,620         $ (1,160)        $41,059
   Premiums ceded to reinsurers                                                –       (3,575)         (3,066)           1,160          (5,481)
Net premium income                                                            –            5,024          30,554               –           35,578
Net investment income (loss)                                                355           12,128          22,108            (998)          33,593
Net other revenue                                                            16            2,866          11,447          (3,930)          10,399
Total revenue                                                               371           20,018          64,109          (4,928)          79,570
Contract benefits and expenses
Net benefits and claims                                                       –           17,133          41,220          (2,438)          55,915
Commissions, investment and general expenses                                 20            3,299          13,938          (1,530)          15,727
Other expenses                                                              421              206           2,041            (960)           1,708
Total contract benefits and expenses                                        441           20,638          57,199          (4,928)          73,350
Income (loss) before income taxes                                            (70)           (620)          6,910               –            6,220
Income tax (expense) recovery                                                 18             347          (1,083)              –             (718)
Income (loss) after income taxes                                             (52)           (273)          5,827               –            5,502
Equity in net income (loss) of unconsolidated subsidiaries                 5,654             772             499          (6,925)               –
Net income (loss)                                                      $ 5,602        $      499      $ 6,326         $ (6,925)        $ 5,502
Net income (loss) attributed to:
   Non-controlling interests                                           $       –      $        –      $      233      $        –       $      233
   Participating policyholders                                                 –               2            (333)             (2)            (333)
   Shareholders                                                            5,602             497           6,426          (6,923)           5,602
                                                                       $ 5,602        $      499      $ 6,326         $ (6,925)        $ 5,502


Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income

                                                                           MFC            JHUSA           Other     Consolidation   Consolidated
For the year ended December 31, 2018                                 (Guarantor)          (Issuer)   subsidiaries    adjustments            MFC
Revenue
   Gross premiums                                                      $       –     $ 8,452         $ 31,814         $ (1,116)        $39,150
   Premiums ceded to reinsurers                                                –      (14,149)          (2,105)          1,116          (15,138)
Net premium income                                                             –          (5,697)         29,709               –           24,012
Net investment income (loss)                                                445              907           4,126            (946)           4,532
Net other revenue                                                             (2)          1,799           9,791          (1,160)          10,428
Total revenue                                                               443           (2,991)         43,626          (2,106)          38,972
Contract benefits and expenses
Net benefits and claims                                                       –           (7,403)         22,862             475           15,934
Commissions, investment and general expenses                                 19            3,427          14,052          (1,660)          15,838
Other expenses                                                              380              233           1,989            (921)           1,681
Total contract benefits and expenses                                        399           (3,743)         38,903          (2,106)          33,453
Income (loss) before income taxes                                             44             752           4,723               –            5,519
Income tax (expense) recovery                                                (11)            223            (844)              –             (632)
Income (loss) after income taxes                                              33             975           3,879               –            4,887
Equity in net income (loss) of unconsolidated subsidiaries                 4,767           1,206           2,181          (8,154)               –
Net income (loss)                                                      $ 4,800       $ 2,181         $     6,060      $ (8,154)        $ 4,887
Net income (loss) attributed to:
   Non-controlling interests                                           $       –     $          –    $       214      $        –       $      214
   Participating policyholders                                                 –              (10)          (127)             10             (127)
   Shareholders                                                            4,800           2,191           5,973          (8,164)           4,800
                                                                       $ 4,800       $ 2,181         $     6,060      $ (8,154)        $ 4,887




176      Manulife Financial Corporation    | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                      MFC            JHUSA           Other     Consolidation   Consolidated
For the year ended December 31, 2019                                            (Guarantor)          (Issuer)   subsidiaries    adjustments            MFC
Operating activities
Net income (loss)                                                                $ 5,602        $      499      $    6,326       $ (6,925)     $    5,502
Adjustments:
   Equity in net income of unconsolidated subsidiaries                                (5,654)         (772)           (499)          6,925              –
   Increase (decrease) in insurance contract liabilities                                   –        11,381          22,346               –         33,727
   Increase (decrease) in investment contract liabilities                                  –            51             119               –            170
   (Increase) decrease in reinsurance assets excluding coinsurance
       transactions                                                                        –         (1,236)            679               –           (557)
   Amortization of (premium) discount on invested assets                                   –             40              77               –            117
   Other amortization                                                                      5            118             503               –            626
   Net realized and unrealized (gains) losses and impairment on assets                   (12)        (7,105)        (13,148)              –        (20,265)
   Deferred income tax expense (recovery)                                                (18)          (192)           (244)              –           (454)
   Stock option expense                                                                    –             (1)             12               –             11
Cash provided by (used in) operating activities before undernoted items                 (77)         2,783          16,171                –        18,877
Dividends from unconsolidated subsidiary                                              3,000            623           1,123           (4,746)            –
Changes in policy related and operating receivables and payables                        (39)          (146)          1,850                –         1,665
Cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                       2,884          3,260          19,144           (4,746)       20,542
Investing activities
Purchases and mortgage advances                                                           –         (24,898)        (55,712)             –         (80,610)
Disposals and repayments                                                                  –          22,324          43,009              –          65,333
Changes in investment broker net receivables and payables                                 –             631             528              –           1,159
Investment in common shares of subsidiaries                                            (404)              –               –            404               –
Net cash flows from acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries and
   businesses                                                                              –             –             288               –            288
Capital contribution to unconsolidated subsidiaries                                        –            (1)              –               1              –
Return of capital from unconsolidated subsidiaries                                         –           177               –            (177)             –
Notes receivable from parent                                                               –             –            (157)            157              –
Notes receivable from subsidiaries                                                        (1)           13               –             (12)             –
Cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                        (405)         (1,754)        (12,044)           373         (13,830)
Financing activities
Change in repurchase agreements and securities sold but not yet
  purchased                                                                                –              –             266              –             266
Redemption of capital instruments                                                          –              –          (1,500)             –          (1,500)
Secured borrowings from securitization transactions                                        –              –             107              –             107
Changes in deposits from Bank clients, net                                                 –              –           1,819              –           1,819
Lease payments                                                                             –             (8)           (109)             –            (117)
Shareholders’ dividends paid in cash                                                  (1,398)             –               –              –          (1,398)
Dividends paid to parent                                                                   –         (1,123)         (3,623)         4,746               –
Contributions from (distributions to) non-controlling interests, net                       –              –             (22)             –             (22)
Common shares repurchased                                                             (1,339)             –               –              –          (1,339)
Common shares issued, net                                                                104              –             404           (404)            104
Capital contributions by parent                                                            –              –               1             (1)              –
Return of capital to parent                                                                –              –            (177)           177               –
Notes payable to parent                                                                    –              –             (12)            12               –
Notes payable to subsidiaries                                                            157              –               –           (157)              –
Cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                       (2,476)        (1,131)         (2,846)         4,373          (2,080)
Cash and short-term securities
Increase (decrease) during the year                                                       3            375           4,254                –         4,632
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and short-term securities                (2)          (128)           (336)               –          (466)
Balance, beginning of year                                                               21          2,317          13,044                –        15,382
Balance, end of year                                                                     22          2,564          16,962                –        19,548
Cash and short-term securities
Beginning of year
Gross cash and short-term securities                                                     21          2,783          13,411                –        16,215
Net payments in transit, included in other liabilities                                    –           (466)           (367)               –          (833)
Net cash and short-term securities, beginning of year                                    21          2,317          13,044                –        15,382
End of year
Gross cash and short-term securities                                                     22          3,058          17,220                –        20,300
Net payments in transit, included in other liabilities                                    –           (494)           (258)               –          (752)
Net cash and short-term securities, end of year                                  $       22     $ 2,564         $ 16,962         $        –    $   19,548
Supplemental disclosures on cash flow information:
Interest received                                                                $      422     $ 4,252         $    7,823       $    (948)    $   11,549
Interest paid                                                                           423          83              1,741            (948)         1,299
Income taxes paid (refund)                                                                –        (788)               892               –            104




                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   | Manulife Financial Corporation | 2019 Annual Report             177
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                      MFC           JHUSA           Other      Consolidation     Consolidated
For the year ended December 31, 2018                                            (Guarantor)         (Issuer)   subsidiaries     adjustments              MFC
Operating activities
Net income (loss)                                                                $ 4,800       $     2,181     $     6,060        $ (8,154)       $     4,887
Adjustments:
   Equity in net income of unconsolidated subsidiaries                               (4,767)        (1,206)         (2,181)           8,154                 –
   Increase (decrease) in insurance contract liabilities                                  –         (5,273)          8,180                –             2,907
   Increase (decrease) in investment contract liabilities                                 –            (86)            121                –                35
   (Increase) decrease in reinsurance assets excluding coinsurance
       transactions                                                                       –          1,609            (716)                –              893
   Amortization of (premium) discount on invested assets                                  –             58             154                 –              212
   Other amortization                                                                     4            225             518                 –              747
   Net realized and unrealized (gains) losses and impairment on assets                  (11)         4,158           4,580                 –            8,727
   Deferred income tax expense (recovery)                                                11            679             240                 –              930
   Stock option expense                                                                   –              –              10                 –               10
Cash provided by (used in) operating activities before undernoted items                 37           2,345         16,966                  –           19,348
Dividends from unconsolidated subsidiary                                             2,700             819            777             (4,296)               –
Changes in policy related and operating receivables and payables                       251            (907)           496                  –             (160)
Cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                      2,988           2,257         18,239             (4,296)          19,188
Investing activities
Purchases and mortgage advances                                                           –        (38,799)        (62,373)                –          (101,172)
Disposals and repayments                                                                  –         35,817          46,294                 –            82,111
Changes in investment broker net receivables and payables                                 –           (169)              41                –              (128)
Investment in common shares of subsidiaries                                          (1,284)              –               –           1,284                  –
Net cash flows from acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries and businesses               –               –            187                 –               187
Capital contribution to unconsolidated subsidiaries                                       –             (14)              –               14                 –
Return of capital from unconsolidated subsidiaries                                        –              72               –              (72)                –
Notes receivable from parent                                                              –               –             (83)              83                 –
Notes receivable from subsidiaries                                                      (23)            (61)              –               84                 –
Cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                      (1,307)        (3,154)        (15,934)           1,393            (19,002)
Financing activities
Change in repurchase agreements and securities sold but not yet
   purchased                                                                              –              –            (189)                 –             (189)
Redemption of long-term debt                                                           (400)             –                –                 –             (400)
Issue of capital instruments, net                                                       597              –                –                 –              597
Redemption of capital instruments                                                         –              –            (450)                 –             (450)
Secured borrowings from securitization transactions                                       –              –             250                  –              250
Changes in deposits from Bank clients, net                                                –              –           1,490                  –            1,490
Shareholders’ dividends paid in cash                                                 (1,788)             –                –                 –           (1,788)
Contributions from (distributions to) non-controlling interests, net                      –              –              (60)                –               (60)
Common shares repurchased                                                              (478)             –                –                 –             (478)
Common shares issued, net                                                                59              –           1,284            (1,284)                59
Preferred shares issued, net                                                            245              –                –                 –              245
Dividends paid to parent                                                                  –           (777)         (3,519)            4,296                  –
Capital contributions by parent                                                           –              –               14               (14)                –
Return of capital to parent                                                               –              –              (72)               72                 –
Notes payable to parent                                                                   –              –               84               (84)                –
Notes payable to subsidiaries                                                            83              –                –               (83)                –
Cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                      (1,682)          (777)         (1,168)           2,903               (724)
Cash and short-term securities
Increase (decrease) during the year                                                      (1)        (1,674)         1,137                  –             (538)
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and short-term securities                 1            353            468                  –              822
Balance, beginning of year                                                              21           3,638         11,439                  –           15,098
Balance, end of year                                                                    21           2,317         13,044                  –           15,382
Cash and short-term securities
Beginning of year
Gross cash and short-term securities                                                    21           4,133         11,811                  –           15,965
Net payments in transit, included in other liabilities                                   –            (495)          (372)                 –             (867)
Net cash and short-term securities, beginning of year                                   21           3,638         11,439                  –           15,098
End of year
Gross cash and short-term securities                                                    21           2,783         13,411                  –           16,215
Net payments in transit, included in other liabilities                                   –            (466)          (367)                 –             (833)
Net cash and short-term securities, end of year                                  $      21     $     2,317     $ 13,044           $        –      $ 15,382
Supplemental disclosures on cash flow information:
Interest received                                                                $     427     $     4,381     $     7,074        $     (930)     $ 10,952
Interest paid                                                                          373              92           1,677              (930)        1,212
Income taxes paid (refund)                                                              (59)           286             234                 –           461



Note 24        Comparatives
Certain comparative amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s presentation.


178      Manulife Financial Corporation      | 2019 Annual Report | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
